No. Myers-Briggs types are completely independent of genetic factors, as are other personality attributes. Trauma may affect a person's thought process or use of functions, but not their actual type. My mother is an ESFJ and my father is an ISTP. I am an INTJ. As you can see, an intuitive came from two sensors.Me: INTJ

Mom: ESFJ

Dad: ISTP

Brother: ENxP

I get along very well with my father. We're both introverts who aren't touchy-feely. While my mother tries to force constant social activity and physical contact on me, he gives me personal space and alone time, which I appreciate. My brother is an annoying, cheeky, clingy little bastard, but we're on good terms. He's an immature, unhealthy ESTP.Do you think we're that weird? Go look at the INTPs. Father - ISTP

Mother - ESFJ

Me - INTJ

My mother and I clash horribly. It's a matter of personal comfort against tradition and Fi against Fe. My father and I get along well. Just go with the type that has the functions closest to yours. I always test as Ni/Te/Fi/Si, which is rounded to INTJ (Ni/Te/Fi/Se).He's an ESxP. I'm not sure if he's a thinker or a feeler, but he is most definitely a buffoon.It's easy for me to dislike people if I can't rationalize their actions. I'm running very dry on fucks to give and I'm not going to waste them on stupid people. However, if someone does something that REALLY grinds my gears, then I end up (somewhat) obsessively wishing ill will on that person. I have a hypothetical file cabinet of grudges against the gear-grinding types.One of my few friends is a very cool and non-stereotypical ISTJ. I can't see her as a stay-at-home mom at all. She's more of a crazy cat lady.


My INFP friends are saltier than the Dead Sea. In fact, I thought one of them was an INTP at first. He can compete with my grouchiness.I like dark Cards Against Humanity-type humor, as well as Monty Python's absurd but clever style.

INTJ.I'm right on the J/P borderline. My other type options were INTP and ISTP.Keep Onision out of our clan. He's a disgrace.Put him with the CUNTs.I have devised a seventeenth type that fits folks like Onision and Donald Trump. It's called CUNT. 

Careless
Unsavory
Noxious
Tiring**Q1: You and your friends are going on a road trip!**

a. How you feeling?
I don't want to be stuck in a vehicle with others for several hours.

b. What are you looking forward to, if anything?
I might see something interesting or find out that I would want to visit any of the places we pass by. 

c. What are you nervous or worried about, if anything?
The noise that my friends will make. I hate it when people are screeching and going nuts. It's stupid and annoying as all hell.

d. How do we prepare for this thing: what should we think about beforehand, and what should we leave to chance?
Pack clothing, food, and any necessary items (i.e. swimsuits and towels if a beach trip is planned). Think about the weather and traffic, as well as what route will be taken.

e. What kind of problems might arise, and how should we find a solution?
The car may break down. A few spare tires and a toolbox should be brought along, In the case of inclement weather, bring a navigator so we can find lodging.

**Q2: Your friend or sibling wants you to meet their new significant other!**

a. How do you feel about that, and why?
I'm indifferent. My brother can do anything with his life if it doesn't offend or affect me.

b. What situation(s) would make you feel most comfortable, and what would make you feel most awkward?
I would be comfortable in my room, playing video games or reading and completely ignoring them. I wouldn't want to hear random bullshit or watch the pair eat each other's faces.

c. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally approve? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?
It would take me a long time to finally approve of my brother's partner. I don't trust people easily, and many things could happen.

d. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally disapprove? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?
If anything fishy happened, I would be suspicious. If the fishy behavior continued, I would disapprove. It could take minutes to weeks.

**EDIT: I scored Ni Te Fi Si on a function test. Hwat.**

**EDIT 2: I'm pretty sure I'm an NT. I am way too much of a daydreamer to be an S.**I'm not sure about my father's type. He's tested as many different things, but I'm damn sure that he's an xSTP. Here's some information:

- He likes to see himself as a "superhero" type. I tend to shut down his bombast with snark.

- He makes lots of promises, but never manages to keep them.

- My uncle and grandparents on his side say that he was a bit of a loner, but liked sports.

- He's good at fixing and modifying things.

- He doesn't seem too uneasy in a crowd and can hold a conversation.

- However, after social activity, he recharges by taking naps and watching TV.

- Like me, he has a tendency to make fun of others.

- He constantly pissed off my ESFJ mom during their school days. Then they exchanged saliva in an elaborate ritual.
My favs are Venusaur, Gengar, and Snorlax.

Taking a stab at an INTJ Pokemon, I'd say MewTwo: Proud, introverted, a planner, has big dreams, doesn't really live in down-to-earth reality, likes using his mind, considers others to be "less worthy" :)
My whole family are introverted. My step later came in the picture and he's the only extravert in my family. 

* mom: ISFP
* Dad: ISFP
* Brother: ISFP
* Sister: INFJ
* Step-dad: ENFP
* Grandmother: INFP
* Grandfather: ISTJ
* Me: INTJ

It was tough living with my family and it sucked. At least none of us were in each other's space. None of us understood each other. Me and my sister got along extremely well. We didn't get along with the rest of our family and we both felt very misunderstood. My sister and I understood each other without even communicating and we would say something at the same time and say exactly the same things. It was really cool. Some people thought we were fraternal twins due to us having that "twin connection"; although this isn't the case.

My mom butted heads with my sister and I and it sucked. My sister and I would try to figure why the world sucked so much and why we got stuck with the parents we did. We still think like that from our mom and we're both in our 20s. We both moved out because of her. I don't know why other forums says INTJs get along well with ISFPs, but I can say this isn't true at all. I completely agree with you. I heard him in an interview say he tested as an INFJ but I'm thinking INTJ is a lot more accurate. He's an INTJ for sure. He can be XNTJ. Reason being he shows strong Te. You can see it in his speeches. He's very imposing and is very organized when he writes and reads his speeches. If someone interrupts him, he gets extremely side tracked from the point he was trying to make, unless he doesn't care who's interrupting him. Then he'll keep going with the point he has to make. 

I know some of you guys saying he has strong Se. This could be due to his sexuality, I'm friends with many gay people and the love eating out and going out to have a good time. Also, don't forget he is travelling most of the time in the US and he's from Britain, so he has no choice but to "splurge". 

He has poor Fi and Fe. He really doesn't care how he feels, especially other people. You can see it in every interview. I follow that guy a lot, as I admire him very much. I don't agree with everything he says, but he has many good points. 

He could have very strong Ni and Ne. If you look at his old interviews, you can see he uses Ni when someone uses a comeback and he doesn't have any notes. He listens carefully, processes the information internally, and then he uses Te to argue with a great statement. So he he can be XNTJ.

The reality though is, he's the only person to know his thought process and how he perceives the world. So we can assume he's XXXX, but I've seen him in an interview with joe rogan stating he was an INFJ, but he's too cunning and barely cares about people's emotions. Therefore he would possess a T. 

He could also be an INFJ like he tested and is just an INFJ who believes he has a part in an extremely good cause. I've INFJs that can be very imposing with what they believe is right. Just my thoughts on it. 
Too much time alone in their heads, that's why.
What you're asking for is pretty difficult, so I'll go with some rather stock questions and we can go from there. Try to answer as open-endedly as possible. The more you say, the more we know about you. If any of the questions are too hard or unclear, I can clarify or ask a different question.

1. Do you get energy from being with people or from being alone?
2. How do you orient yourself toward the outside world: are you more structured (e.g. plan ahead, organize your environment) or more unstructured (e.g. prefer to keep your options open, tend to be more messy)?
3. When learning new concepts, do you like to first get the details and then discover the big picture, or do you like to first be presented with the big picture and later delve into the details?
4. Do you tend to make decisions based on your emotions and how you feel or based on hard reasoning?1. Imagine you are starting a new job and you know none of your co-workers. Is it rather natural for you to quickly get to know everyone and become involved in the social dynamic? Do you get to know mostly everyone or only those with whom you work most directly?1. Imagine you have an unplanned day ahead of you at home. In the middle of the day, you get a spontaneous text from a friend inviting you to a get-together later on. You're pretty sure you'd have a good time, but do you initially experience a mixed emotion or slight discomfort upon reading the text?
2. Do you have a vivid memory for past events and plots of books/movies or tend to mainly remember the general impression?It seems most likely to me that your J is a sure thing, which indicates that your first extroverted function is a judging function (Te or Fe). It also seems pretty clear that you prefer thinking over feeling as a means for making decisions.

It's seems a little fuzzy to me whether or not you're extroverted or introverted, but I'd guess extroverted. As an introvert, I *always* have some feelings of discomfort when an invite is sprung upon me, even if I am comfortable with everyone who will be in attendance. Also, it is natural for extroverts to need alone time. Everyone needs it. Also, since you've mentioned that Te resonates well with you, it makes sense for you to be extroverted (making Te your dominant type).

So that brings us to ExTJ. Si vs Ni. I'm leaning toward S since that is what you've guessed for yourself. I lead with Ni, so I may be able to provide some insight about Ni if you are unsure about this letter. First though, I'd look at [this](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/sensing-or-intuition.htm).To be honest, when I read descriptions of Ni, I can find them hard to apply to my experience because they often seem very abstract. Here's how I view my Ni, and I wonder if the ENTJ would agree:

* I am easily able to analyse perspectives and mindsets and think through them as if they were my own.
* I am able to think through any problem if you leave me alone and give me some time.
* I pick up on very subtle things about people and usually have a nuanced impression of a person just after observing them for a while.
* I really trust my mind to do really good work, solve problems, find flaws, etc, and I tend to trust my thinking much more than that of others.
* I'm good at reviewing things internally and forming private opinions about things, but these impressions can be hard to put into words.Also, [16personalities.com](https://www.16personalities.com/personality-types) gives incredible summaries about the types, including strengths/weaknesses, relationship dynamics, etc, etc. If you haven't yet (and even if you've settled on a type), I would definitely read through the descriptions of your possible types (e.g. ESTJ, ISTJ, ENTJ) and see which one resonates best. I was definitely unsure until I read their description of INTJ.&gt; Myers and Briggs completely screwed up with the J/P for introvert.

I would tend to agree, but I don't see how it's relevant to the conversation :P. Myers-Briggs is the way it is, and any guides attempting to explain MBTI should do so accurately, which the graphic does not. It's hard enough to understand bad systems without a layer of bad documentation.
&gt; From personal experience one of my best friends is an ISTP and there is no way in hell he is a P.

This is just semantics, though. The P doesn't really mean that he is primarily a perceiver. It means that he is perceptive in his orientation to the outside world (via his Se). When people interact with him, they will notice that he is perceptive. 
&gt; Isabel Meyers' decision to switch the Jungian J/P trait for introverts made the theory less intuitive without gaining much in return

I agree, and I'd go further; the functions are the core of a personality, and so why not use a shorthand that encodes the functions in as few bits as possible? I don't see why we couldn't just use three letters: I/E, primary function, secondary function. Ex: INTP -&gt; ITN&gt; well then you are agreeing with MBTI system.

&gt; The idea that people sense only the extraverted functions or people align themselves with the outside function makes no sense.

You're not understanding my point. I agree with what you're saying, but it's just not relevant to the topic. The topic isn't on the merits of MBTI but on the merits of a specific piece of MBTI documentation.
&gt; In dealing with the outside world, do you prefer to get things decided or do you prefer to stay open to new information and options? This is called Judging (J) or Perceiving (P).

The above is taken from the [Myers-Briggs website](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/). When I said, "The P doesn't really mean that he is primarily a perceiver," it is because I was talking about the actual structure of MBTI, not how I feel MBTI should be structured.&gt; The only thing it missed is I have a very high level of empathy and a lot of the weaknesses don't seem to apply

As an INTJ, I definitely agree. I feel that I am more sympathetic, less arrogant, and less blunt than how INTJs are often described. This is especially true when I am around people with whom I am not well acquainted. I am more brash around those I know well, but I try to do it in a humorous, sarcastic sort of manner.

On the other hand, INTJs are known for being misunderstood. Many of my friends initially had a negative impression of me because my reservedness + unemotive face can give off bad vibes even when I have no ill intentions. **I think we are genuinely good, caring people who often get misinterpreted.**

&gt;  I thought of it like being similar to horoscope BS and wondered if I could relate to every personality type... To my amusement I could barely relate to any of them. This alone gives me confidence that the system is not flawed.

I am generally very averse to horoscopes and pseudo science in general, but I've been impressed at MBTI's ability to touch on subtle nuances in my own personality that I would've assumed were personal quirks. Horoscopes, on the other hand, have to be written as generally as possible so that anyone could interpret them as somewhat accurate.

MBTI brings to the table an uncanny precision that is hard to ignore. It has allowed me to correctly predict the types of my friends and family. And if you go to any description page on 16personalities.com, the comments are filled with "This is *so* me."

All this to say: **MBTI is not a perfect model, but it is good enough to be useful and insightful.**
&gt; I actually just took the personality from people I had known and could associate them with others

My goal is match each type with a person I know for the purpose you mention.This post is per the guide on the right sidebar of the MBTI subreddit labeled "[To understand how the 4 letters code for functions](http://img12.deviantart.net/b61e/i/2014/066/8/b/mbti__how_to_function___how_to_guide_to_functions__by_lpskippy-d79c7wr.jpg)."

The guide states and was constructed under the assumption that the "fourth letter (J/P) is what determines your first function." This is simply untrue because for introverts (as stated in the guide), that rule does not hold. It would make no sense whatsoever to create a rule that requires a special case 50% of the time.

Fortunately, this doesn't reflect how MBTI is set up. The fourth letter is what determines one's first *extraverted* function. The fourth letter reveals how a person orients themself toward the outside world. Even though an ISFJ's dominant function, Si, isn't a judging function, ISFJs are considered to be judgers because their first extraverted function, Fe, is a judging function.

This graphic was my first exposure to the cognitive functions, and it gave me an unintuitive, incorrect understanding of the MBTI structure.

**tl;dr**

**What the graphic conveys**: The fourth letter determines one's dominant function. This does not hold true for introverts. For introverts, the fourth letter indicates a person's auxiliary function.

**How MBTI is structured**: The fourth letter determines the first extraverted function.
I sometimes wish I was a feeler. Things would be easier with my friendships, I could actually say what I mean, I wouldn't over analyse every single thing, overthink what I actually need to do about things and drive myself to insanity by thinking it all through again.. 

I guess we all want to be what we're not, and we aren't aware that what we'd prefer to be also has major flaws, like we perceive ourselves to.  Overthinking, convincing myself I'm being irrational, internalising it all, thinking about the person, then I try not to think of the person, then I force myself to forget before realising I can't and just pretending the person doesn't exist.

Surprise, it never works. I am an INTJ. I enjoy browsing different subreddits, educating myself, organising places, reading, thinking, Sherlock, playing the keyboard, spending time by myself, taking photos of the city I live in and having debates with various people.

I have a strong interest in English, photography, computer science, politics, philosophy, biology, psychology and history. I usually try and put myself in the shoes of people such as my friends, and try and think the way they think whilst I'm having conversations. 

Most of my grades are okay/good to a standard where my parents are pleased with them. One subject/field I just can't do well in is languages. I don't know why, I just tend to be awful at them even if I do try hard. 

I usually think/daydream about things going on in the world, and about if they were flipped around or something changed, what would happen? Other things I think about are my goals, ambitions, plans for things and inventions or ideas for plots. 

I view life as generally a funny thing that is important to view not as something to just use up until you die, but something to make into something better. I.E: I hope to achieve something that I can genuinely say I am proud of. 

Personally, I am not religious but respect anyone who is. It doesn't effect me, why should I care about what they want to believe in? Free will is a cool yet scary thing.

I'm more confused at how certain MBTI types are perceived as "scientifically" more intelligent than others. I don't think I am particularly intelligent compared to the majority of people in my culture/Western society, and I think different types have varying strengths.

For example: ESFPs might be incredible at reading people or solving emotional/moral issues but to be fair, most INTXs would probably suck at it.

But hey, just my two cents. Hey, I'm a sensitive person too (I blame my weak and fragile ego lol), and that's ok! You're not a baby, people just function differently and without that society and the dynamics of people would be very boring. 

Embrace it! As hard as it may be, your sensitivity may help you see a different outlook on someone else's problems and might provide a completely different choice on something. I couldn't help but laugh at this yeah, I find it funny how often I come across INXX types online, compared to the actual population percentagesbut... why? we have many flaws, especially around emotions and emotional maturity. each type is equal, but i would personally rather be EXFX. each to their own, I guess.I'm usually unsure of my feelings myself, and struggle quite a lot with anxieties around social things and self image. I'm waaaayyyy too scared to pursue people over the fear that they hate me/would never feel the same way/think the same things I think about myself/would reject me and one of my biggest fears is rejection.

Plus, I don't really get dating. I'd only feel happy being with someone i REALLY REALLY LIKE and got on with very well and that's only happened once. The chances of the person i hypothetically  really like reciprocating those feelings would be very, very rare.

but basically i dont think id ever be capable of initiating any sort of romantic attachment even if i was incredibly infatuated with the person out of fear, and i also over analyse the attraction and try belittling my own emotions with the knowledge its just a chemical reaction and i am being stupid
:/ lol

EDIT: also I can feel some emotions very intensely and i dont really want to voluntarily let my heart get broken. My emotional flaws consist of trying to not feel emotions, feeling a lot of emotions and bottling it all up. How *sigh* efficient of me..and a lot of INFPs, tooOn the topic of Kanye West, I've seen him typed as ISFP, INFP, INTJ and INTP lolvarious people online, most who go only by complete stereotypes of the typesyou INFJs are awesome too!exactly, it's very stupid people thinking they're more entitled to bash other types based on how 'rare' they are, or stereotypical traits that usually don't apply to them.Over some websites such as Reddit, Quora, Tumblr and Personality Cafe, I have noticed that a majority of discussion revolves around the INTJ personality, most notably our 'intelligence', logic and 'rational minds'. 

Why is this?
Just finished watching it and then came straight here. I have pretty high standards for TV shows and movies, would definitely recommend this. The character development is strong, I really like how they handled it; and the pacing is excellent - a lot of shows go either too fast or too slow (by adding a lot of filler content). It's basically everything you'd want in a series. Just the right length to tell the story, not a single moment or character is wasted or unnecessary.

Edit: I also thought the acting was surprisingly good, especially considering how many children there are in leading roles.I'll go first. (26/F/Canada, by the way, if anyone cares.)

-I don't mind rules, but only if they make sense. If I think a rule is unnecessary, inefficient, or if I think I'm not allowed to question it, then I will resent it, and I probably won't listen to it. 

-It annoys me when I see people correcting each other's grammar and spelling online. As long as you understand the big picture behind the message they're trying to convey, then any corrections seem unnecessarily pretentious and pedantic to me. 

-On the outside I'm very quiet, stoic, and logical, but if somebody ever manages to crack my icy veneer, then they would discover that, on the inside, I'm actually quite affectionate and sensitive.

-I don't have a lot of friends, but the ones I do have, I consider to be my best friends. All of them.

-I would rather go to a museum or an aquarium on a first date with somebody than dinner and a movie. 

-Nothing and nobody is above being questioned, to me.

-I'm planning on going into a STEM field, probably biochemistry-related. I don't want to have a job that involves working with a lot of people directly. 

-I'm an artist, but while I feel that I'm very technically talented, I also feel that my art lacks some creativity. I can't just sit down and draw a picture; but if somebody else tells me what to draw or gives me guidelines, then I can create something. (Related: I hate it when teachers don't tell you what they expect of you.)

-I love debating. I also like to support my arguments with credible citations.

-People often come to me for advice. I have trouble just listening to them vent, even though logically I know that people just need to get their feelings out sometimes - it's always my first instinct to want to give them practical suggestions, and try to help them in concrete ways, to make their lives better. 

There are more, but I think this list is getting too long.I am actually INTJ! So you're kind of close, in that Te is my secondary function; and I personally think it's difficult to observe Ni in other people. Your second guess was right! But ENTJ was an interesting guess, too. I'm curious why you decided on that?I was also going to guess INTP.ENFP?ENFP?

Also hi, fellow Ontarian!..INTP or INTJINFP?ENFP?ENFP?Current type: INTJ 

Extrovert: ENTP 

Introvert: INFJ**LEAST FAVORITE TO FAVORITE**

1. ESTJ 
2. ENTJ
3. ISTJ
4. ESTP
5. ESFJ
6. ESFP 
7. ISFP
8. ISTP
9. ISFJ
10. ENTP
11. INTJ
12. ENFJ
13. INTP 
14. INFJ 
15. INFP
16. ENFPI'm not asking you what types suck, I'm asking you which types YOU PERSONALLY don't get along with. "I don't get along with ESTJs" =/= "ESTJs fucking suck". That is exactly why, they ended up in that order, lol. On point. This is really interesting, could you expound upon this a little bit? Like, why did you pick ESFP as your favorite? 

Also, I just made an ordered list by just typing the numbers just like you'd do in a word document or something. Just like this:

1. 
2. 
3. 

Except Reddit does it automatically.I think I would choose Ne. Literally the only reason I would choose it is because they always seem so happy and outgoing and charming. I have no idea what those things feel like. 

If I could choose a combination of them, I would love to experience Ni + Fe (INFJ). I can understand how Ni could seem like a superpower (but then again, I'm obviously biased), but I'm curious why you regard Se that way as well?If I had to guess, I'd put them in this order:

1. Fi
2. Se
3. Ne
4. Ni
5. Fe
6. Si
7. Ti 
8. TeI love that painting specifically because of the story behind it.Probably for a similar reason as The Governor in The Walking Dead. Started out being an effective leader, ended up becoming a tyrant (a la Walter White in Breaking Bad). Thank you for this amazing write-up. I *love* asking hypotheticals (and I eat your Ne for breakfast), so stay tuned for future posts of mine. 8D 

Very interesting analysis.I'm pretty sure this thread isn't against the rules, but I apologize if it is.Assume that you can't just remain the same type. 

(Cross-posted to INTJ.)[removed]Cross-posted to INTJ. I just wanted to see if there was a noticeable difference in the types of compliments that we value.Do you think it matters at all, or do you think all of the types have an equal propensity for artistry? 

(When I say "art", I mean activities such as drawing, painting, sculpting, or music.)


&gt;ISFPs definitely. It's like they're everything I want to be but am not T__T.

Same here, I fucking love ISFPs, they're so cool! Though, I've noticed INTJs and ISFPs always seem to get along suprisingly well, sometimes even better than an INTJ with an NT/NF. INTJ here. I've never met an ISFP that I didn't like alot. 

I think you'll find INTJs secretly love ISFPs, the two types get along well for some reason. 



I can also relate to the dislike of Fe, for me ESFJs in particular I cannot stand, I think its just down to incompatibility.In my experience, I've found ISFPs to be pleasant people to be around, and have this warm, genuine and sort of graceful air about them when you get to know them which is full of chocolately fudge coated Fi goodness.

Also, they can discuss "out there" topics like, for example, spirituality, without judgement, and can get quite deeply into these topics, and typically are interested in what I have to say (ISFPs have tertiary Ni, which is a source of facination for them, as the tertiary function is for every type).

This means, they learn from INTJs, to use their Ni and Te functions in a better, more effective way, and to develop them, and INTJs can learn to examine their Fi from the ISFP, as well as develop their Se, which is another thing I like about ISFPs, as their Se is not overbearing and in-your-face like with an i.e. ESTP 

This is my theory

...

So, yeah...I have much love for ISFPs.Its understandable that you do not get along with your brother because siblings tend to annoy each other, but having an ISFP close friend speaks for itself.&gt;one jazz-obsessed INTJ who loses his shit anytime someone brings up that other music genres may also carry some value


lol what a toolSome people are just cunts by natureSe doesn’t make you automatically aggressive if you have it as an auxiliary function, it means you’re capable of showing force, but Fi often prevents the ISFP from ever being like that. Also, ISFPs generally seem more easygoing as a result of Se because they use it with their Fi values to suit to their situation, almost to blend in to and compliment their environment, which is why they are know to be quite stylish. Se isn’t just animal aggression, it’s also awareness of the physical world. ISFPs use Se to express their inner world, through physical means ( style, music, art....)Yeah, she seems ISTJ

A dutiful introverted Japanese girl, constantly doing more or less the same task over and over constantly. Everything about her is ISTJ.Basically, I’ve noticed this in IxFPs the most and sometimes on well developed IxTJs. They appear (and are) sweet and kind in a way that makes them conflict with few types, this is especially true for ISFPs.

I’m not saying they are weak or immature, in fact they are strong for being this way imo, despite the world.

It’s something I’ve been thinking about recently, which perhaps has something to do with the introverted feeling function itself...


Edit: Just to be clear, I mean Fi doms which have their guard down. Fi users tend to appear colder when they have their walls up, or don’t know/trust people.ESXPs because they don’t typically dwell as much on things, live in the present and are well represented in society. “I can’t relate to people and feel alien” said no ESXP ever.
Great description. Very similar to my Ni, sans mythology and maybe creatures in general. The visuals to me are much more concrete. Sunsets in a certain place, floating pyramids in certain landscapes, driving in a car looking out the window, participating in that video game where I found a loophole and won. Then I go, "of course, that's where I am right now" and gain insight into my current situation by metaphor. It's definitely super-subjective though, so I really tend to distrust the negative bits. I enjoy it much more now that I know what it is...I remember trying to get my ESFJ brother in law to admit he had that too :DHappens all the time. Can be pretty wacky IMO but if Ne is 2 or 3 for you, you'd probably love the opportunity to play along and goof around.Nardi has a book full of exercises for the functions, including Se exercises, and you should read it! It's called "8 Keys for Self-leadership". [Here are a couple](https://www.dropbox.com/s/8tgis7r4h827b8i/Screenshot%202016-07-17%2018.33.04.png?dl=0) of the advanced exercises.I looked into this in the past; it is thought that personality traits are 40-60% genetic. I didn't really look too deeply into the study or studies I was reading at the time though.

Since that time I've reflected that you can cause a _lot_ of change in someone with the other 40-60%. Especially behavioral stuff. As Dario Nardi said around here somewhere, behavior is the easiest aspect of your personality to change. We should probably expect that typing based on behavior would be a tricky activity.

I didn't find anything about a type or set of traits being passed down. #2 and #3 questions are very interesting to me.

In my life experience:

- My dad was an INTJ (therefore I am one? Maybe)
- The family of 9 in which I was raised was incredibly diverse in terms of personality type and we are often divided as adults. Pro: People comment on how amazing our family is; everyone is so specially gifted. Con: We can't seem to get along and seem to take turns throwing around passive-aggressive notes and those Facebook memes that refer to "toxic people".
- I have two INTJ friends who are married with six children, of whom at least 3 are INTJs. _That family is so calm_
- My ISFJ SO and I have three children. We adopted an ISTP from an ISTP mom who has an ISTP daughter. Our second child (first biological child) is an ISFJ. And our third child is an ENFP. We are so worried about her and this problem of having a solitary extravert in our family sometimes. :-( I try to feed her Ne and Fi as much as possible, but still she runs crying to her room more than I like.That's INTJ thinking right there, telling a pawn he can become anything. "Look, I can prove it, you just have to _cross the entire freaking board_" or some other mostly impossible thingFor some reason the word "sensors" always brings to mind imagery [like this](http://www.riffsy.com/view/riff/5343162/-GIF?_r=g) so I have to use "sensates" instead.Yes. I was at a company picnic last week and my ESFJ boss was setting out his boutique jam jars on the picnic table, telling us all how much each one of them reminded them of a different sensate in the organization. When he got to me and there were no sensates left, he started crying and told everybody how much he loved his jam jarsSource? Somehow Ni is telling me you made up that whole thing and the link takes me to a parallel universe where liars make up lies.Dead on or not, I happen to love that the design looks like it is from some authoritative source. Kind of like when you find an old 1970s cookbook and it looks all prestigious until you really read the recipes and realize they are basically combining Spam with Velveeta n' Jell-O and stuff like that.Yep, that sounds about right. The value of studies in validating this or that has somewhat decreased in my mind as I've undertaken more Ti practice (go figure). So nope, nothing newer.- INTJ
- Had to stop watching; the video seemed to be reaching for empathy that I could barely spare, and the imagery was disturbing to me in a "that's pretty pomo-exploitative" sort of way.
- Strongly reminded me of an ENFP family member who was sexually abused by someone obsessed with the "baby" theme in what I can only figure was a severe outbreak of the abuser's inferior function.
- No idea, but I'm thinking that if your lyrics are that heavy-handed and you felt you had to publish a song about such a (niche?) topic, you probably have a legitimate concern on your hands.Agree about the criticism of the instrument. Funny how many people refuse to accept that an instrument flaw is not the same as a critical framework flaw.

Experientially I can share that Big Five has been extremely useful to me in determining MBTI types. I use it as a helper about 20 times a year when I meet with people who want to be typed (it's a weird tradition that's started in a local social group with which I'm involved; my advisor is MBTI-certified and encourages this). 

I had never typed a female ENTJ before, and without the Big Five giving me a reason to doubt it, I wouldn't have guessed that her Human Metrics ESFJ result was incorrect, in the short time we spent together. Socionics also became helpful when I asked some questions about her and her relationship with her ESFJ daughter, discovered that her husband is an INTP, etc.

Finally, I find the Enneagram advice to be some of the most straightforward I've come across, so I like to make use of that, too, instead of pointing people to the long-winded function stack stuff or even the traditional MBTI materials right off the bat.

When I did some typing for a group of ~150 in order to separate the group into smaller groups (a presentation on gifts), I used True Colors and it gave a very usable result after just a few minutes of presentation. However like many of the online MBTI tests, the self-reporting problems with True Colors are still real, and I had e.g. an ESFP accountant select the NT group and foist a bunch of stereotypical nerd jokes on them. Still, given the purpose of the presentation I felt this was an acceptable result, because I think at some level a gift is still a gift if it's found in your inferior function.&gt; I would like to hear more about your process though

TL;DR: Mumble something about "wow that's interesting" and frantically google "MBTI Big Five correlation chart" which you can try at home, too.

&gt; I'm interested to hear more about this "social group". Is it specifically an MBTI group?

Non-MBTI specific group of community members where I happen to be in a leadership role, kind of a long story. The advisor I mentioned is actually my business advisor; I meet with him in a separate context but we basically talk about everything that's on my mind so we drift from work quite a bit.

&gt; Again, thanks for the in-depth response!

No prob! Sorry I couldn't go 2 for 2, we're well into the evening here. lol1. Learn to notice when distractions lead you away from your goals. Teach yourself to gently bring your mind back to the problem at hand.

2. When people give you their type and ask you for career advice, just google tips for their type, and throw your stupid career advice out the window.&gt; Or in math I'd figure out a different way to do the problem

This sounds like Ti to me, building your own frameworks like that. Do you do the same sort of thing in other areas of your life? Invent your own languages? Things like that? (Really original thinking is one way of looking at it)

&gt; I'm often bored, and I refuse to do things that perpetuate that boredom.

This also reminds me of people in the Ti/Ne area. You do drugs like they do too. Or at least, that's my conclusion after reading a lot of their posts.

Not much Se really shows through in the way you present yourself. Especially your "not better than somebody else" stuff. The possibly-Fe-related things you said seem to jive with that.

In conclusion, you really remind me of most of the

INTP

...types that I know.

For help with the anxiety-sphere disorders, maybe go look up Ne and see if you can benefit from some [Ne activity](https://www.dropbox.com/s/bru76hv6peerqw1/Screenshot%202016-07-24%2021.49.24.png?dl=0) as substitution behavior for stuff you don't like...e.g. polysubstance addiction. (Could be as simple as chasing away boredom with new activities, studies, etc, too--drugs are giving you a novel experience, which is what Ne-doms are chasing all the time)Tell me about it. Just got off the phone with one.A) TV characters, followed by literary characters

B) Very occasionally I employ fantasy. For example, I might imagine my favorite TV detective just hanging out somewhere, or taking part in something completely benign. I would use this as a way to calm myself. I also sometimes imagine that characters from a long time ago are visiting me in the present time, and I am explaining to them the way things work.

C) When I receive media recommendations from friends, this sometimes results in parasocial relationships.

D) Very little influence. My SO asks me what I'm doing sometimes, when I'm driving and I laugh to myself about something a character said.

E) I [sometimes](https://www.reddit.com/r/ENFP/comments/4u34fs/whats_the_worst_and_best_trait_of_individual_mbti/d5mwa3h) bring favorite characters into online discussions.

F) INTJ

I really hope I understood what you were getting at. I read something like 10% of your post and started wondering if I was deep into Ti land or just what. I felt like I had dyslexia; it happens sometimes when I'm expecting framework-I-at-least-vaguely-recall A, but original framework B comes up instead. Anyway, I thought maybe not many INTJs would reply if that was how _I_ felt, so I gave it a shot. :-)That's Ne!Caught red handedHey, you covered the concept of sonder nicely. INFP seems right. In my experience with INFPs, if you're lucky you probably have a career as a counselor or maybe a patient, empathetic listener of some kind. If you're unlucky you're probably a computer programmer. :-/I did see some ESTP in here, maybe you're right. Thing is, how excited does he get about eating out for dinner? Like REAL excited? Or is he more concerned about the money/how efficient a purchase it is? Ah, it was just a guess because a) you seem very psychologically close to this framework of parasocial relationships you are describing, which means perhaps you participated in creating it a.5) I've never heard of this and I know a lot of little facts, so _maybe_ "a" is more likely and b) there is a reasonable amount of Fe effort in your post and replies and it seems pretty natural which brings us back to Ti.

And in general when somebody gets really excited about something they're working on and _then_ trying to take measurements, it's Ti before Te.

Personally as a Te-aux, along with a lot of Ti comes this sort of haze of subjectivity where I'm going, "wait wait wait wait a minute" because my objectivity filter is choking and I need to either relate what I'm hearing to the objective (hard in cases of specialized information like this) or put in the effort to try to understand your thought process, which is fine but I'm not used to it so it's slower to me, much more friction there than my usual "oh I've heard of that or something like it".

Hope this sheds some light! :-) Edit: BTW I don't think you're making it confusing at all on your end, more of just the thing that occurs when people like us get together I'd guess.Inferior Se in INTJs be like those videos of the guy with the Lamborghini in his gorroj

Inferior Se in INFJs be like...well, you can't talk about it because no description will ever be good enough...it has to be...just...right...Q: How do you get an anxious ISTP to stop eating all your marshmallows?

A: Tell him no one in history ever successfully stopped eating marshmallows &amp; it can't be done

I'm out of here folks&gt; I like having a clear idea of what I want to do in the future.

Doesn't resonate at all. I have in the past had a particular vision of my future self but it's very subjective and I have struggled to know how much I can or should trust it. Quite different from a clear idea of "what (I'd be doing)", more like a clear idea of "who (I could become)".

&gt; I tend to always plan things

Doesn't really resonate. I do plan for contingencies like a bandit.

This does resonate with my knowledge of STs though.

&gt; If I'm into something, I'll try to learn everything about it until I get tired of it and move on to something new.

Strongly resonates.

&gt; I hate doing things because someone of questionable autority said so

Strongly resonates.

What's your Big Five result? Have you taken the "ISTJ or INTJ" test at Celebrity Types? Around here you might as well describe them all by their inferior function. It will probably seem a better fit, especially to those using MBTI to seek some kind of relief.

- ENFJ: Plotter
- ENFP: Traditionalist
- ENTJ: Softie
- ENTP: Hermit
- ESTJ: Listener
- ESTP: Visionary
- ESFJ: Dreamer
- ESFP: Mastermind
- INTJ: Artist
- INTP: Politician
- INFJ: Craftsman
- INFP: Scientist
- ISTJ: Ideator
- ISTP: Therapist
- ISFJ: Drifter
- ISFP: Grump

"If this is you, please dial 1-800-MBTI-CARES for more information."We tend to repress a very lazy shadow-self for sure.Thanks op, much appreciated. Is it true that Dario Nardi is working with Dr. Gulenko to flesh out his socionics model? &gt; a Terminator doesn't have a personality

Strange, I've been accused of that exact thing...You sound like a very perceptive INTJ to me. Iconoclastic, critical, rational, intuitive...you leap to the conclusion that wealth and status are obvious needs, like an inferior Se user would.

&gt; don't have any principles or a rule set of life

You may not have noticed it, but re-read: Your post is also explaining to us that you feel you are missing something. If you identify with INTJ, I think the quote above is a good starting point for finding that something (developing Ti + Fi). If you haven't read Dario Nardi's _8 Keys for Self-leadership_, it may be a good start.Scribbling conlang limericks all over your own PIN with a Sharpie doesn't magically transform you into some kind of vanguard of humanity. See that hover truck over there? There's two more of your kind inside, chained to the rails. They're swapping pub stories like they were manufactured back when we even bothered with a digestive tract. 2316 is here, deal with it. You wanted off planet, you should have spent more time showing off your inferior function like the rest of the utility bots.I know an 80 y.o. ISFP painter. He's quite good at it. His main gig is pottery but his paintings have been exhibited in several gallery shows and his kids sometimes fight over his art. One thing he's really good at is creating his own tools and e.g. pigments. Like the other day he made ink out of charcoal, he's been known to paint with bleach, etc. Haha, well behavior is the most malleable aspect of personality. So until we measure your brain waves we may never know just how mistyped you are ;-) I consistently self-type as INTJ, have been typed as INTJ by an MBTI-certified INTJ mentor, and am finishing up my MajorsPTi certification course work, again with all indicators pointing to INTJ. :-)&gt; Every time I see my type, 'this girl at work annoys me so much with how she.. ' or something or the other follows

I've seen this quite a few times just because people are sick of INTJs. It's annoying but it doesn't exactly indicate a high level of type development :-)

FWIW I have a great ESFP mom and my kids have an amazing ESFP teacher at school. Also I really like Justin Timberlake and hear he's an ESFP.I liked it. It resonates with what I've been learning through the Majors PTi certification process. MBTI has a solid foundation and even before you fold in the function stack, you can get a lot of mileage out of the basic model, even just Jung's original. Plus the MBTI world is _huuuuge_ which I never realized before.&gt; Do you Get intrusive thoughts? Which function do you associate with your intrusive thoughts.

Sure. Under stress, Ni + Fi + Se (functions 1,3,4) tend to come in and really kick things up a notch, in terms of what I foresee happening to me, who's involved, etc. Thank goodness for the secondary function

&gt; For the purposes here emotional maturity is described as the ability to control ones feelings (I.e. Avoiding thinking about bad things).

Well, I'm not sure if this puts me in the negatives or what, but I invite and analyze those intrusive thoughts because it helps me to monitor my subconscious. If there are a lot of intrusive thoughts, or nightmares, etc. I've learned that my subconscious is trying to get my attention about very real issues, like feeling out of control. Shining light on that seems to help. I record all my dreams and attempt to analyze every one. A mentor under whom I study has done this for over 1700 dreams...hope to get there myself.

&gt; And what is your type - plus how confident are you of your type assignment?

INTJ, about as confident as you can be about it, multiple instruments over a long time span, INTJ mentor who is MBTI-certified, about to finish my own certification process in another jungian instrument.Unlike a lot of the online tests, the restricted instruments (i.e. not available freely online) usually come with tie-breaker methodology. In the instrument with which I'm training, the result would be presented to you as INFP for further verification to be followed by a self-discovery process, per the creator's advice in the user manual. This is based on years of research experience with a pattern of ties.

In my experience high Fe is a really common result of an INFP taking an online functions test, unless they are already familiar with the way Fe works in normal communication. I'm not sure the reverse is true (overarching Fi result for a Fe-aux) but would tend to guess not. I've seen INFJs test as INTPs though. I have an INFJ chemist friend who would probably easily (and unintentionally) throw off a test like that.&gt; Which instrument are you training in?

Majors PTi, which claims higher accuracy than MBTI, like 92% vs. 86% last I checked. If the PTi instrument detects that you'll get a close result, it adds more questions to help narrow things down.

&gt; And are tests that cost money usually better than free tests 

If by "better than," you mean better test-retest, more valid, more reliable, etc., I'd say "the authors would probably say yes." Part of my cert study is reviewing the user manual for the PTi, and there's a ton of data in there on sample sets, test-retest, validity, definitions of the various terms, testing people who have verified their type, testing those who haven't, and so on. The author has a professional background in instrument creation. In Dr. Majors' case, he used to work for MBTI on the MBTI Step II and the Strong Interest Inventory.

&gt; or is no guarantee that the paid-for test wouldn't be sh...bad?

From what I've learned so far, expecting the test to be bang-on and spit out your actual type vs. mainly a lead-in to one's own discovery process might not be the most effective strategy. But at the same time, I don't see the free online tests making _any_ revelation of test-retest, validity, accuracy, etc. numbers, at all. So even though I didn't originally lean this way, I'd personally trust a certified pro using a restricted instrument based on what I've learned so far. At the very least they wouldn't shove a type down your throat based on their own behavioral observations, which is what you see going on in a lot of online discussions. And at worst they'd hand you a slightly-off result, walk you through its meaning, get your thoughts on the result, and try to assist from there. They are (or I am, but I think it's pretty common to be) trained in risks like causing actual psychological damage by pushing an incorrect type, the ethics of type, etc. 

They also have access to a huge variety of restricted instruments just by holding the certification, so they can administer any of those as well.There's lots of contextual-self presentation in any performer. I'm going to push right through it here and guess INFP.OK, so Socionics _has_ an explanation for this kind of relationship, but Socionics gets really into the downside fast, like "girlfriend, no. This ain't your dual". So what I'm wondering is, where did this more _positive outlook_ come from, as paired with the idea of opposing attitudes. It seems to exist or originate from outside of Socionics, however stronk Socionics may be.Dang, that reads like a patent title. Very impressive! Can you give an example? How have you perceived such an essence through your own projected application? Genuinely curious since this does not seem to be printed in any Socionics instruction manual to which I have access. :-)&gt; it would be fine to start imagining of how it would be experienced

Do you mean how the other person would experience us, or just imagine how I would experience the other person?&gt; a persistent unorthodox view of the world

Interesting. How would this work in INFJs? Examples?Thanks! I think I see what you mean, though I've never had a snake in my belly.Flair yourself, brigandThank you. If I understand you correctly, J and P as defined above are used by MBTI, but not by Socionics. However, they are based upon aspects of observed behavior that are recognized by the minds behind Socionics, even if the Socionics model does not attach those aspects to any particular dichotomy. Does that sound right?Thank you for explaining that. I appreciate your feedback. If I may, here is one area where I struggle:

&gt; r/intj is full of mistyped people, as are most XNXJ forums on the internet, tbh. Based on Jungian theory, INJs are very much like what the quote described, and INFPs and ENFP are quick to judge without understanding why. Talk to one, you'll notice it instantly.

Its content aside, this _sort_ of statement, to me, seems to invite one to type its author as a J. In that way I find it a useful dichotomy; after all, you _do_ seem to self-identify as an INFJ in MBTI. Does that make sense? 

From your reply and from what I'm reading elsewhere, I agree that the J and P are definitely a subjective invention. However we're dealing with subjective thinking here across the board, aren't we? Socionics is a subjective invention, a framework (per Dario Nardi's Ti definition). So you can see how in trying to compare the two I feel a little awkward with the notion that J/P gets demoted a bit by virtue of being invented or non-actual or not part of a given theory. At the very least the J/P dichotomy is just one more factor to consider.

But this has given me food for thought. Thanks again.That's very interesting, thank you. I can how that might make sense in my own life.Get a book, they're awesome. I really liked the Owners Manual book by Thomson and Type Talk by Kroeger and Thuesen, though the latter is more conversational.

You might also be interested to give Beebe's latest book a read, though I haven't read it yet myself.

(The INTP DIY spirit is alive and well in this thread though! Thought I'd contribute from the Te POV. :D)Thank you, as an SO and father to sensor family members, I have zero qualms with their smartness. These tensions with the S/N dichotomy or any other dichotomy or function pairing are closer to "uneducatedness" than anything. It sucks to me to think that these really negative contributions like those to which you are directing your frustration might drive people toward anxiety about Jungian type or about their own preferences and gifts. 

My thinking is that lots of people here on Reddit are in the middle of or are emerging from adolescence, and they can't help but seek to identify "fault" as based on personality differences between them and their parents, friends, etc. Or if someone tries to help them with a relationship problem, that person tells them about e.g. the S/N difference, and they take it and just RUN with it. In the wrong direction. But my hope is that as they stick with type, they will begin to see the reality that we need all types in order to be most effective and happy as social groups.&gt; is it possible for me to be more emotional than most people as an INTP

Absolutely, with inferior Fe messing with your head all the time you'd tend to get emotional more easily than many other types. INFPs will probably appear to have nerves of steel in comparison. 

You seem really comfortable with subjective thought (Ti), as well, if I understand your game + math approach as one where you are generating answers from your own "complex solutions" i.e. subjective frameworks. INFPs are generally not comfortable with this and repress subjective thought to a pretty amazing degree. One INFP friend told me he can't stand the Indiana Jones films because the woo-woo fake stuff is mixed too closely in with reality. He needs to go full Tolkien in order to appreciate the fake stuff. "Fake stuff" being subjective proposals for interactions with e.g. alien societies.

I don't see a problem with INTP here. I'm certified in the Majors PTi and see type as more of a self-discovery process, even a long-term process for some, than a didactic "here's what type you are" process though.&gt; although my brain works logically, I make choices based on abstract concepts/feelings

Absolutely. You are expressing the dynamism of a dichotomy here, it's exactly how this stuff works. Also the reason why typing is so difficult.

If you are an INTP, you have a more powerful toolset in logical thought and intuition than you do in feelings. However, feelings will continually beckon toward you in the background, particularly in times of anxiety. In such times they'll tend to be fabulously shaky and kind of bipolar. Some INTPs say it's easy for them to go into hyper-pouty mode, crying lots, etc.

Let me ask you this: Do you find it helpful to imagine or visualize the kind of person you'd like to be in the future, and then sort of work your way backwards from there, perhaps proposing a framework that would get you to where you can fully live out that vision?Absolutely makes sense! Well, by future vision, I mean something vague anyway. Like, " I want to be the kind of person who always has enough money to buy gifts for friends." That kind of thing. Anyway if it doesn't work, don't do it...far better to identify areas of strong interest.&gt; You can effortlessly consider multiple various perspectives and understand what’s behind them, which gives you the leg up on making the best of all possible decisions.

Somebody explain how the leg up part works? I usually end up in uncertainty-land when I effortlessly consider multiple various perspectives.Sure, except that the INTJ may become the baby of the group in day-to-day activities. Make sure the INTJ learns how to detect excessive Si-dominance (typically an unhealthy hesitation and hardening into routine) and deploy Te &amp; Ti to counteract (e.g. start a blog on the relationship; propose and test new ways to affect the group dynamic for the better). That ought to keep everyone on their toes. Novelty in moderation ought to be enjoyed by all three, too. EnjoyI'm a Mormon, was born into a Mormon family, and have been on the rolls since age 8. I currently serve in my local clergy. I was a bicycle-peddling missionary for 2 years in Japan, conversed with over 30,000 people in Japanese and Portuguese, encountered countless door-slams and criticisms, from atheism to more radical Buddhism to Raëlism to "I hate caucasians," to side-steps offering feedback on my approach (from professional door-to-door salesmen). In general I feel I understand a lot about how the world sees religion and have heard and seen many if not most viewpoints. Eastern viewpoints and western viewpoints were both received due to the number of Brazilians, Peruvians, American ex-pats, etc. living in my vicinity.

I still study alternate viewpoints and religious beliefs as a side interest. I always thought Shinto was a fascinating religion and taught a Shinto priest who eventually joined the dark side and became a Mormon; he still teaches me things that blow my mind. I like to read Josephus and other historical accounts from various viewpoints when I have time.

I don't really criticize others _based on_ their own religious beliefs or lack thereof, and tend to look for signs of "the good" in people rather than a particular choice of belief system. "Mormon hell" is sometimes distilled to the concept of "ending up wherever's most comfortable for you," similar in some ways to the concept of preference as used in personality type, so I definitely see no point in condemning others for their beliefs or non-beliefs, don't really imagine a literal lake of fire and brimstone for God's entertainment anywhere, and I see a good portion of what might be called "hell" in what are typically described in today's world as neuroses. In some ways I see the pursuit of religion as an effective way to shortcut the study of e.g. psychology or philosophy in achieving inner peace and countering such neuroses, though I definitely know, and allow for, neurotic people of various faiths and other beliefs.

I definitely roll my eyes at pseudo-quantitative arguments that suggest that science disproves God. I'm happy we can enjoy scientific disciplines that are founded on principles of measurement, but generally wish for more intellectual honesty in discourse regarding religion; for one, it would be nice if its intractability to science could be more generally acknowledged. I tend to defend other subjective areas of study like astrology for this reason, even though I don't claim them for myself. This is probably due to my Fi, which finds it ridiculous that someone should feel persecuted for practicing a subjective framework as part of a genuine search for quality.

My father was an atheist-turned-Mormon who shared my personality type preferences, so maybe due in part to his influence and the relatability, I tend to find a lot of strength and room for growth in my current religion. He was raised in an atheist household and was not allowed to discuss religion in his home. 

I do feel I have done my due intellectual diligence in evaluating my own beliefs as well as others, and was encouraged to do so by my family.

I generally interpret religious texts symbolically if you're talking about "jawbone of an ass" kind of stuff, but my Te favors the research of various viewpoints, so I always leave room for literal interpretations at least as a formality, and hesitate to just favor symbolic over literal and leave it at that, in light of the gazillions of variables at play. My religion is founded upon the idea of direct access to God, however, so the interpretation of scripture is itself not quite as important as the general issue of the evaluation and development of what we might call a qualitative framework. We put a lot of trust in our fellow man when we champion this kind of intellectual search, and sometimes it goes wrong (e.g. Jim Jones, who was personally known to some of my friends) but mostly I think it goes right. I see radical shifts toward dangerous behavior as a likely side-effect of the heavy promotion of science _over_ religion and tend to think of Aum Shinrikyo and its infamous members' backgrounds as a sort of clue in that domain.

Going beyond my occupation with my own beliefs, I'm quite concerned for the people of the world on a personal level. One of my biggest findings as a full-time missionary was that _so many people_ need help that the intellectual discussion of belief systems starts to seem like a gigantic waste of resources in comparison; it's almost a slap in the face. It hurts me to think of those I met and still meet who are deep into consumer debt without effective cognitive tools with which to extract themselves. They are chased by bill collectors and unsure of how to make ends meet and feel productive again. In Japan I was shocked to find the floors of mailbox-rooms absolutely littered with two kinds of trash: 1) Advertisements for pornography and prostitutes and 2) Advertisements for private detectives, marketed at suspicious spouses. I also find it painful to consider how many people in nursing homes go without sustained love and care. For this reason I'm trying to push myself more in that direction, in serving others, as my "study of my own beliefs." [Here is an example that inspires me.](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/18/world/asia/18japan.html)&gt; Would be curious to read what you think about these, as I'm sure they are somewhat common questions.

They're common, but too important for a Mormon to just gloss over, IMO, especially if they intend to communicate for rapport with those who put considerable effort into their own intellectual development.

Personally, I think the best way I can put it is, I'm satisfied with my own research into the areas you've raised. This research has been an interest of mine for going on 20 years now. And the materials available form a veritable fractal of information and perspectives.

Also importantly, I find there is no lack of curiosity among Mormons into the areas you mentioned. For example, just last year I purchased, off Amazon, a deeply-researched look into the historical Joseph Smith, the gold plates, and Joseph's seer stone, by a Mormon author who is clearly a gifted scholar. He employed many primary sources and I was extremely satisfied by the way he outlined his conclusions on the matter. 

However, I don't look at scholarly discipline as a way to "excuse" any of the more mystical, spiritual circumstances. Or just human mistakes. On the contrary, I find the research more of a little asterisk, a nice-to-know. We are, after all, talking about a 14-year-old boy who claimed a visitation by God the Father and Jesus Christ, followed by a huge number of intertwined, powerful spiritual experiences shared among his contemporaries. Brigham Young, etc. It's a religion, a social movement, it goes way beyond any one person, and it's just "there".

In a theoretical "Maslow's Hierarchy of Mormon Beliefs," a personal connection with God and the struggle to discover that connection is the true foundation. I find that this echoes the reality on the ground among people anywhere, who are seeking peace in their lives through qualitative study. They search for efficacy first, and either attempt to get their facts in line later, or don't. Personally, I find that if I spend a lot of time on apologetics research, I start to wonder what I'm really getting from it. It's like defending science. I've played that role sometimes, but really what grips me about science, what calls to me, is not just the ability to measure conditions and make a judgment call, but the power of exploration, the thrill of discovery. The unexpected a-ha. The ability to refute this or that has never panned out for me as a primary channel of interest.

Still, for better or for worse, a huge number of us are concerned with this research, and an even greater number absolutely do not care, and seem naturally wired not to see any possible consequences of not caring. Well: Interesting stuff! In favor of spiritual "first principles," I judge it OK to let myself not care sometimes, too--or to simply establish a "threshold of what I care about".&gt; Sounds like in some way it's a form of consequentialism, like you enjoy the actual impact of belief on your life first and foremost. 

I'm not familiar with the term, but it sounds interesting. I'll check it out because I love learning about new isms.

&gt; I think personally I would have a hard time not picking the details or consistency of any religion apart

When my friends say this, I always tell them: Do it! Don't ever let it be said that a Mormon cautioned you against picking their religion apart. Dive in and pick it apart, just don't do the "research" where you hang out at the Honda dealership and listen to the mechanics talk about why Toyotas suck all day. You've got to get your hands dirty, lift up the hood, test drive the Toyota, and talk to those guys, too. Find a kindred spirit, somebody who speaks at your level and yet who actually believes this stuff. (Though one of my friends seriously asked 'but what if I go to the Toyota guys to have a talk and they brainwash me'...I mean, really, research brainwashing beforehand if you need to. lol)

&gt; I feel like many things can be a vehicle for experiencing profundity or transcendence, depending on their subjective or symbolic meaning to us, so I can relate in that way.

Absolutely. This is why I love being able to identify as "human" most of all.INTJ male, 38 - '07 Gray Toyota Sienna with the, engine. I drive it because I paid it off forever ago and it feels good to just have this paid off car. If it gets wrecked, it's paid off. If somebody steals it, it's paid off. If Trump drives the United States into a chasm next year, my car is paid off. It fits my family inside, has kids food crumbs in every crack for easily 2000 calories worth of crumbs total if you ever got in a survival situation and needed to enter a heavily sugared state. The floor mat on the driver's side catches my foot every time I get in the car, because there's a hole in it created by my wife's dress heels. I love that reminder of her. She is a busy ISFJ volunteer and head of a local women's organization so she's always baking bread and taking it somewhere while wearing nice clothes. I can tell we've both been thinking about upgrading the car for the last few years but we're both introverts, we see deep value here and we're not going to just jump in and change things around willy nilly. Someday she'll email me a link to a random car that's for sale somewhere, and I'll roll my eyes at it and reply "oh wow nice one, let's look at cars together when I get home from work" and that will start our long process of getting the best deal possible on another story on wheels.&gt; I mean, I wouldn't own a minivan ever

That's what we said. That's what every minivan owner says.Yes. I have an INFP friend who does this with fast food. He kind of shuffles through the different brands in his head and reviews the way each of his favorite items strikes him, how it's different, and so on. Like you could really get his brain churning in a good way by asking him about the Filet-O-Fish. He seems to do this most when feeling anxious. 

My ESFJ friends can do this all day and night, with anything. I remember one time on a long drive, an ESFJ friend gave me a half-hour long dissertation on the various kinds of recreational vehicles, from RV to [whatever else there was, basically these spiffed-up vans that he really wishes he had bought instead of a huge trailer]. I was listening to that going, "OK, this certainly isn't extraverted feeling." My ISFJ wife does something similar, but without needing to actually buy or experience all of the different new stuff a la the extravert method, so she'll reflect on rather austere things in comparison. Like the "amazing feeling" of just peeling an orange, or making an Italian pizza by hand, relatively simple, practically time-honored things like that.Sounds like a clone of me when I was in university.

Good job with the functions. I've been studying cognitive functions for a while and hold a certification that includes the application of the cognitive functions to psychometric instrument results, but I have to say the more I research them, the more I come across differing opinions, definitions, and models. Research has shown deep disagreements on even individual words used to describe the functions. I mean, heaven help you if you get into a discussion with e.g. a Socionist and start comparing what you're learning to "facts" about the functions that you picked up from Beebe's model. Or even Nardi &amp; Berens' work. It's all very subjective, which is fine but requires a lot of allowance for trial and error in my experience. I cheat and use the four-dichotomy model all the time. :-) Heck, one of my mentors who is MBTI certified and knows about CFs even cheats and uses DISC or temperaments first.Hahaha. :-) I know, right? The psychological differences are pretty huge. 

Just to dump this somewhere: I was recently reading about Beebe's model where, from what I understand, INFJs and INTJs will put on a Si "mask" when we're around others, and try to project a very productive individual who has all the details covered. That rang true to me. Too much of that kind of practice gets really overwhelming fast, but there's an aspect to that kind of behavior that is really attractive to me. I noticed (after almost giving up on them, about 4 days in) that a couple of my bigger resolutions this year were very heavy in Si. Also my art seems to attract ISFJ likes on Instagram, and I am always stalking fellow artists who later turn out to be ISFJs. Cringey-funny subconscious stuff.That is such a great question. I don't really know. I've decided that there's no single "job" that won't eventually ask all we can offer from any functions we can make available. So that's great in that many jobs will work just fine, but it also really sucks. Some jobs seem to demand specific functions before you can really figure out where you fit in, or figure your own way through them. I'm glad I'm not a line cook, for example. And I've looked at INTJ-specific jobs in my case, but many times they just seem boring--there's no spark, maybe too much emphasis on my boring old gifts. :-)

The most successful INFJ I know is a facilitator and author. He seems to enjoy developing visionary ways to bring groups together, creating custom interventions that help leaders navigate really tough group situations and gain group permission to proceed in a productive way. It's clear that he still suffers from his weaknesses in the same way anyone else does--he has some really grumpy days, still gets flustered over some relationship details, etc.--but that career seems to have fit him well. He is self-employed but has a tight association with two other consultants, an ENTP and an INTJ. They like to travel and conduct training together. Now at the close of his career, this INFJ really enjoys staying close to home and conducting community training in an area that is pretty progressive. On breaks he goes flying with another INTJ friend who is a pilot.

I can't do what he can do, but his career seems pretty great to me, overall :-)&gt; Just want to ask, how do you think NiTe deals with routine with respect to SiTe?

To jump in here as a NiTe, routine will always be more of a Si thing--routine provides comfort and safety in a way that's very Ne-opposite.

I also like to minimize risk, in fact I have had to design frameworks to intentionally increase my exposure to risk. If I do take big risks, it's when I'm in high-anxiety mode and my ESFP is coming out. But those risky moments serve to verbalize whatever truth my Ni is telling me. For example, when I told my then-girlfriend that I thought we'd get married. It completely took her by surprise, but at the time it seemed like the only conclusion Ni would allow, the single conclusion that just made sense to me. And while that was a good risk, I have to be careful to back up Ni with Te so I don't get too subjective about things. Otherwise I may end up convincing myself or others of e.g. dangers that aren't there, etc.

Being a Ni-dom means always thinking about what could happen. As I write this, I imagine you reading it. As I write _that_, I imagine you reacting to that sentence. In the back of my head I see a picture of some people playing in the snow, and I'm not sure what it means, but I know that later I'll analyze it and I'll realize it's time to leave work and go home to spend time with my family, or something like that. Ni is just always on, and it's very interested in things that will likely happen, or are likely good for me or others, and so on. It's not always right, but it's always there and usually worth (me) listening to (it).First, I should say that there is disagreement about the way Ni works. There are competing cognitive function models. So I'll try to tell you about my own experience as a Ni-dom, which integrates some of this model and some of that, because they made &amp; still make sense to me.

&gt; while Ni recalls the context of that memory and relishes on the possibilities within that context

I don't know if it necessarily relishes the _possibilities_ every time, so much as it relishes whatever sensations or ideas it's getting from the vision. Let's say there's this amazing sensation of a summery light green that is more like a nebulous impression than a memory of a specific object. It's like a time, a season, an image, an experience all rolled into one:

- Summertime
- Vacation
- Watching tennis on TV
- Court sounds
- The feeling of the cool air inside the house plus the warm air outside
- A light green color, maybe it's the grass on the court. Maybe it's the sun warming another green playing surface in the summer.
- I'm playing tennis on my old computer
- I'm relaxed and having fun

It is thought by some that Ni is fed directly by inferior Se. That is, a sharp sense of the standout details or properties of an object. So I don't remember the bulk of the details of the specific vacation, or the specific video game, or whatever. Just the standout details, the impression of playing in my uncle's office, all by myself, while visiting the cousins. For some reason I remember the details of the chair in which I'm sitting better than the video game.

What I've learned is that Ni is, in providing that impression, helping my subconscious (assuming it is truly detached from Ni, which I don't know for sure) communicate to me what it thinks I should do, or what I should aim for, etc. This particular impression came at a time of high stress, and I believe my subconscious saw part of the solution as integrating some relaxation and enjoyment into my schedule.

So you can see, there aren't really any possibilities there except "what does that mean". But until last year, I didn't even know to ask that. So instead of asking the question, I'd probably go and play video games, or I'd watch some Tennis. Interestingly, that would have something of a similar effect: I'd relax myself.

These impressions are very powerful, it's hard to overstate that. They can take over my brain and while thinking about them it's soothing, like I'm sitting there munching on brain candy or something. When they get negative, they can be very dark and seem (to me) prophetic, even when they're not. 

I typically do not realize it when Ni is working. But if I make the effort to monitor my thoughts and try to recount my last few thoughts, it's often a bunch of impressions about something I can become in the future, or someone I was in the past, or what others are thinking. One of my favorite zone-out Ni activities is imagining myself going back in time and explaining how the future works. Or alternately, bringing someone forward to my time and explaining how the present works. I can easily visualize the people with me. Imagining people and their reactions comes very easily. Imaginary friend exercises, self-hypnosis, active imagination, etc. are also easy for me and I get a lot of benefit from them.

Anyway, I hope that's a good example of the way Ni might communicate the past. When someone asks "what are you thinking about," it sometimes requires so much energy to communicate it and its context that it's no wonder Ni-doms seem like their heads are in the clouds. I'm on a leadership team headed by an ESFJ, and he thinks of it as "grandiose." 

I've also noticed that e.g. some of the more Te-heavy INTJs are not as affected by Ni. Ni can be developed just like any other function; Dario Nardi provides exercises for it on page 79 of "8 Keys to Self-leadership."Agree. And:

something something "while those boring old Si hobbies absolutely cry out for a sense of order, duty, and calm" 

would be part of my ENFP roastThe truth is that both types often save their way to wealth and alter their lifestyles to fit. /r/leanfire is packed with INTJsSo wouldn't inferior Se be "extra high in the stack" from the audience's point of view? In my experience, inferior any-function can just about blow people away in its hyperbolic glory. I try to hide my inferior Se from people who repress it (INTP, INFP) just because it tends to look so "I think I'm amazing" to them.

_This ain't no party, this ain't no disco, this ain't no fooling around_

Edit: BTW I like that you did this --guy who represses Fe&gt; But it does lack consistency!

This is so Si, that sentence applied to a rapper. Hahaha! :-) The quality and meaning of consistency is pretty subjective though. Plus, INFPs naturally repress Ti so they tend to need someone to be completely consistent with the image they project or they feel like they're in eye-roll territory. I have an INFP friend who loves Tolkien but can't stand regular period fiction with fantasy elements scattered about. No consistency. Seems similar to me, thoughts?Did you ever hear an ENTP tell you you're a nerd?

Did you flip around and wonder, wonder what's that thing I heard?

Did you pause to think of comebacks, think a while, sit and think?

Did you even get some paper, dip your pen into red ink?

Did you then stop to consider, how it was, and why, and when,

An _ENTP_ got from here and there, and that, to _then_?

These sayings aren't so common, not from someone...who's like that!

'Cause ENTP [nerds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPlZp1BOTgM) are [common](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmpXY-uHmxI), just as common...as a hat!

Can we celebrate the difference, you with your nerd, I with mine?

Anyway, I'll let you think on that, maybe even find a rhyme...Not mine, but an INTJ friend of mine once said he was hanging out with his family, imagining how great a banana smoothie would be and then said out loud, "I'm thirsty, but we don't have any bananas."INTJ, got Reformer (VDI-S). In my case that's not accurate at all...has the author published their stats on this instrument? I'd be interested to know how the accuracy stacks up against other instruments.Ni: I know how X is going to turn out / how Y feels about me, I just know it

Ti: I came up with my own method for X, I don't need to read a book for it&gt; yet has a great interest in astrology which she explores in non-working hours.

Wee hah, I'm not the only one. I just can't believe she told you, do you just not repress Ti as much as other INFPs? I'm afraid to tell my INFP friends&gt; I'm curious--what do you fear will happen if you share your interest in astrology with your INFP friends?

Past experience A: "Um so, can I just ask why you don't just (insert Te-approved thing here) like a normal person? I mean, as cool as it might be, I'd think (insert Te-approved thing here) would be much more accurate, or maybe scientifically backed?"

Past experience B: "That's not really super interesting to me beyond the drawings, which I have to admit are pretty cool"

So fear of buzzkill maybeSure, I PM'd you my almanac.Last time I engaged Fe in chess I think the board did about 30 flips in mid air&gt; 5 on enneagram

A 5 will tend to give more-than-average deference to or even favor Te, so I would think that if indeed INFP, this would indicate a higher-anxiety INFP, perhaps using Fi and Ne more like a stressed-out ESTJ would.

Do you happen to work in fast food? I have a cousin who meets this description and manages a fast food establishment. They love him there because he is a taskmaster, but he has to take these extremely crazy trips from time to time where he hitchhikes a lot :-):-/ You just gave the INTJ [answer](https://www.amazon.com/Keys-Self-Leadership-Awareness-Action/dp/0971932611), what are you doingThat's interesting. I have been working with an ESTJ quite a bit so I wonder if she sees the things I do that way too. I know I kind of automatically see her shortcomings vis-a-vis Ni but I work really hard to keep my mouth shut on those ones because we get along well overall.&gt; no and I have no anxiety at all

Hot dang, you got me all jealous now.No it's a joke, INTJs are the ones always telling people to improve themselveslol.

I always thought he was just a more socially-awkward ENTJ, because the guy grabs everything by the Te like a Te-dom.I entered the "Ti in INTJs" article thinking I'd learn something about my own use of Ti, but instead I learned a lot about the author's strong preference for Ti in composition. :-) My first thought was "is the author an INFJ?" because I have read this sort of original-thinking-first POV from many an INFJ before. Not that it's bad, just that it's a _lot_ of effort in "my idea is ..." which is then backed up by tons of Ni, so it's kind of an inscrutable subject-fest to those of us who just walked in. One of the milestones on the road to Ti development is integrating the concept of "refinement of one's own models", so OP, I look forward to you refining your ideas moving forward and hope you'll let us know about future work.I have this creeping feeling that those who think he's an introvert are the same people who sort for INTJ by asking themselves whether the object fits the "mastermind" condition.This is sort of a Te-trap for an xNFP: There is no "the system" in this subreddit. /r/mbti is rampant with people who are basically mixing in their own theories and selling it as MBTI. It's also rampant with people who are using multiple competing models without realizing it. That's OK, but just be aware that as an INFP you'll bonk into people here who are more adjusted to subjectivity of thought than you may be, so your book learning plans may or may not help with that.

Regarding science, there's hard science and there's soft science. Hard science (measurement, essentially) is a weird one because most hard scientists understand clearly that typologies are intractable to their measuring instruments. Soft science is wide open to type and only questions the qualitative outcomes yielded by this or that model.

IRL I can highly recommend these books:

- Gifts Differing
- Dario Nardi's books, esp. 8 Keys, which is quite good wrt cognitive functions
- Beside Ourselves
- Just Your Type
- Type Talk
- Type Talk at Work
- Boundaries of the Soul
- The Wisdom of the Enneagram
- The 9 Ways of Working 
- Please Understand me II

...there are more, but they're in my bathroom right now ;-) and I also left out some with more "clinical-style" leanings like books full of case studies for professional use.

If you can, contact a credentialed type professional in your area and see if they would be willing to meet up; perhaps if it's a good match, they could provide you with some mentoring and guidance as you study. This was a big help to me and I eventually started a business in type coaching because of my mentors.

Also I highly recommend joining APTi and attending conferences, in-person meetings, or webinars through the e-chapter.

Many MBTI books like those by Tieger &amp; Barron also have great bibliographies in the back.

And finally: [Here is another reviewer's fire hose](http://users.trytel.com/~jfalt/articles.html) from which you may benefit...[ISTJ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8SfWiNhTJo) ;-)Actually rudimentary:

- Ti: "If I give you a dollar, would you give me 20 chicken nuggets? Please?"
- Te: "I paid you like five minutes ago. What's the status on those chicken nuggets?"
- Ni "I would like to open my closet door one day and suddenly find myself buried in a huge avalanche of fresh chicken nuggets."
- Ne "Or what if you found like five other closet doors inside your closet!"
- Ni "Nah it would just be the nuggets"
- Ne "Well it could be lots of things...?"
- Ni "Nope, nuggets would fall on me and bury me, and I'd eat them. It would make a nice scene for a movie about a kid who is in his head a lot."
- Te "How is a chicken nugget made? OK GOOGLE HOW IS A CHICKEN NUGGET MADE"
- Ti "How do they wipe the poop off these nuggets then if they just come out the chicken's...man, scratch that idea."Take a personality test as if you are that person. There was a session on this at the recent APTi [conference](https://apti.memberclicks.net/assets/2017conference/2017_conference%20program_digital.pdf) where Jenny &amp; Marvin Rytting (INFP x2 of course) typed Jane Austen characters in this way, by having large groups take the MBTI as if they were the fictional characters. The results were (surprisingly, to me anyway) consistent and useful.

&gt; Besides providing insight into human behavior, type theory can be a valuable tool
in literary analysis. Using textual analysis to identify the psychological types of
characters from Jane Austen?s Pride and Prejudice, for example, has proved useful
in exploring the character dynamics and themes of the novel. But the methodology
of applying type theory to fictional characters is also of interest; in this session, we
explore the utility of using the MBTI itself as an adjunct to literary analysis. Which method? There are quite a few methods listed.I hope this clarifies a bit: All types have brainstorming, and ENFJs give more attention to it than INFJs, typically (not set in stone). This comes down to the 5th / 6th function difference; the dominant-matched attitude of the 6th function seems to make it much easier for each type to work with their 6th function. Some type and type development models (Dario Nardi, Mark Majors and Raymond Moody, Socionics Model A) account for this.In fairness Te can be used to make broader decisions among systems. That's why it's hard for INTJs to just drop Te: You can compare a bunch of Ti-derivatives and decide on what's best, or you can go with Ti and do what seems like "reinventing the wheel."I love it! You did a beautiful job. I'm a member of AHAF and a handwriting / art analyst, and we discuss the topic of type &amp; handwriting from time to time. The Enneagram is pretty big in the handwriting community lately. 

Uppercase handwriting is referred to as a "castle with a moat" and usually represents some amount of deep &amp; protected emotion. There's also a line of thought that you can (gradually) alter parts of your handwriting that represent a part of yourself you're seeking to change, as a way of facilitating that change.Yeah, you're right on there. The consensus (with which I agree based on my own experience) seems to be that if you set out to "cause" some kind of change by changing your handwriting, there's a risk that you'd mainly "cause" yourself a lot of anxiety. Like "hey, if I want to be more confident and make things happen, I should just start signing my name like Donald Trump." The risk being that you're just reinforcing latent anxiety, and possibly avoiding the topic of just who _you_ are and what _your_ core strengths are.

Personally I can plainly see some parts of my own handwriting that reflect my "old self," which has been undergoing change for a while, and as I gradually wrestle with the best way to write the final chapter on those problems, it helps to play around with different ways of reflecting that change in my handwriting. Kind of like a meditation on personal growth, strengthening my commitment to positive change.Hahaha! Great example :-)Nice work! A lot of these clicked instantly for me. I laughed when I read Don Knuth's because he's so obviously INTP. _why made a lot of sense because he flat disappeared and I know a lot of INFP coders who have been near that point. 

Can't say I'm in 100% agreement on Stallman. I worked with Phil Zimmerman by extension and he struck me as INTP. Let's see how we sync up outside programming:

- Magnus Carlsen
- Chris Langan
- Chuck NorrisAwesome! I have an ENFP client who scored a 32 on the ACT.Known facts, as experienced through the senses, absolutely. "That tree is the tallest." There are a lot of lenses on the functions, and that's not a bad one for Se. Regarding action, action-preferential could work, but just action is a bit lightweight. It's like the event loop in the video game. If there's no action, the feedback loop grinds to a halt and you can't play the game. So a Se-dom could be said to tune into that event loop very well. Thinking would be the ultimate drag--what's that guy thinking about? Only action will tell, perhaps. Even his eyes looking somewhere will tell us something.People will say "not necessarily" regarding the correlation, but I have yet to see someone make a claim as to an actual specific difference, like "in Socionics I'm ILI but in MBTI I'm INTP." 

There are some really solid connections between the two lenses because they are both Jungian, but there are also some friction points. Like old school MBTI people will tell you an INTJ can do OK with an ESFJ but not so great with ESFP. But a Socionist will tell you that's backwards. But then it really depends on the MBTI practitioner, like I use the four letter model myself but I include cognitive functions.

IMO it's best to hold these models lightly and switch between them to capitalize on the respective strengths. Socionics tries to be much more predictive than MBTI, and it still lacks elegance in a lot of ways (Reinin dichotomies) so it's not as easy to wield when lighter applications of type are best. And being analytical with Socionics is much more interesting in many ways than it is with MBTI.Thanks for your post, I'm always glad to see this kind of writeup here.

As a type, sensors dislike change of the kind which they haven't yet sensed _and_ cannot currently experience through their senses. They have built-in methods for dealing with this (the lower-stack functions, for example the ISTJ who enjoys sci-fi, and so on), but as a type/group-level thing it's mainly a bridging function that allows them to work with intuitives and information produced by intuitives.

And of course I can't underscore that enough: We're not dealing with individuals here, we're dealing with _type_. The fact that there are sensors here that love the future, or whatever, is intentionally left out of consideration in the lower-learning-curve type models because it's part of the mode of exchange: Quicker results for more generalized information, at the cost of nuance.

I agree with you regarding superiority. However, it's important to note that overall, intuitives are rare and naturally sense it. If you don't understand this you may not be able to assist them successfully; certain group interventions will require that this knowledge be made available. As you get more deeply into type work, you discover areas in which sensors are rare, too...though those are rare-er. :-)

As a _type_, intuitives cannot do what sensors can, and vice-versa: Rely on sensing functions in their dominant and auxiliary roles. Again: As a type. The dom/aux roles/positions, be they N or S, have higher-order qualities than do the others in one's functional array. There may be exceptions, but this is _type work_ and not trait work so that's really outside the domain of concern until you get into deeper areas like type development.

This is really a coarse discussion :-) because it's dichotomous by nature (S/N), but that same attribute scales down the learning curve, giving type a lot of leverage. Through another lens, I/E, you can also gain a lot of leverage; Introverts are known to resist change and draw a lot of energy from the past, or need to (in the case of intuitive introverts) draw the past into a conceptualization of the future. As additional letters and functions are added to create more nuanced models, additional theories as to _what kind of past events_ and _what kind of future events_ might be appreciated / not well anticipated are brought into view.Nice writeup! Assessing the accuracy is hard in part because there are at least 10\-20 "formal" cognitive function models and they conflict with one another in various ways. For example, Si has been categorized under:

\- Recall

\- Productivity

\- Health

\- Comfort and hospitality

\- Tradition

\- Doing one's duty

You might find a model that combines a few of those, but I haven't yet seen one that combines them all or attempts to reconcile more than a few. This is a long way of saying: It's important to identify "whose model" \(Jung's, John Beebe's, Dario Nardi's, Aushra Augustinaviciute's, Linda Berens', etc.\) you are working to understand. Doing so can help you sidestep the Reddit's Own Vague Unified Cognitive Function Model effect, where the feedback you receive is coming to you via a different mechanism with its own, entirely separate view from what you're used to, or aiming for. If you identify the formal model, you may find that there is more leverage to be had by identifying and sticking with that model, learning it deeply, and then later studying other models separately. Anyway, good on you for posting what you've learned and good luck!The ESFP collective mind? Thinking back to some of my ESFP clients and colleagues:

- Se: OMG we make such an amazing team. We come up with the best ideas ever. We have the smartest, coolest people here. Let's start a business and MAKE IT HAPPEN.
- Fi: I feel like we should be authentic and real and just be ourselves. What do _we want_ to make that would be our thing? No more fake stuff. Let's do what _we_ want to do. And I don't want to be one of those companies that sells people air and takes their money.
- Te: OK, that sounds like a plan. Let's go buy some file folders and hire an attorney and systematize things. We'll put a master calendar together! Grab one of those ledgers, too, and some pencils. I am a kick-butt accountant.
- Ni: Wow, we are just all over the place with too many ideas. What if we never figure out a direction and just float around? I think we should narrow this down. Here's where I see this going.
- Si: I think I might need to stop and eat now. I just remembered that I had half a bite of a sandwich for breakfast and that Swedish Fish you gave me for lunch, and it's already 1 a.m.
- Fe: Guys, we all look totally zapped. Should we just take tomorrow off? What do you think? Yes?
- Ti: I know today was crazy but things will be better after a rest day. I don't want to get all analytical about this at this point. Let's just recover and get back together and sync with the calendar again.
- Ne: OMG I keep coming up with ideas. I know this is bad. I know we just need to do one thing. But here's another idea, do you think it's a good one? NAH. OK let's keep doing our main thing. Well, I dunno. UGH!Haha. Post a selfie! We need to connect a mindset with a face ;-)Awesome hair!!! Also that INTJ look...ROFLI hear you there. My ESFP comes out and all of a sudden I'm blasting Carly Simon and signing all of my emails with hearts and sunshines. DON'T YOU LOVE THIS WEATHER!? HahaSorry to hear about it. Here are some things I have noticed about the INTJ\-INFP relationship:

* INTJs are really good at framing things in terms of their visioning\-intuition. For example, when they work on relationship issues, I've heard INTJs say things like, "I don't know how to solve this, but I just know we were meant for each other, and if we don't have each other, we'll never be 100&amp;#37; happy." That's 100&amp;#37; intuition and is a really common INTJ way of summarizing their "nothing needs to change, it'll be fine" urge in relationships.
* INFPs are really good at framing things in terms of the relationship details, their thoughts about those details, their original positions on those details, what they "do wanna" and "don't wanna" do, what's "right" or "wrong" or ideally the juicy parts in between, etc. Maybe the INTJ sees these as Jane Austen\-class problems, just things in which they themselves have little interest, or I would say little interest\-stamina.
* This last point, the gift of the INFP, causes a phenomenon that some call "drama" but which might more accurately be called "relationship values\-tension" or something like that.
* Whatever it is, INTJs don't like it at all, are not especially talented at dealing with it, and will avoid it. Usually unconsciously, they just kind of skip over it. The INFP will rarely, if ever, say "hey wait, come back here, I wanna talk relationship details!"
* This leads to another point\-\-an asymmetry in information flow. Information "likes to" flow from INTJ to INFP in this relationship. I think it has to do with the INTJ basically owning the INFP's critical parent, Ni. The INTJ keeps jumping back to the big picture instead of dealing with the preferred relationship\-details\-scrutiny\-level stuff that interests the INFP. If you look at Interaction Styles, there's a clear difference: INTJ's Chart\-the\-Course vs. the more detail\-oriented INFP Behind\-the\-Scenes style.
* Whatever it is, INFPs don't tend to like the information asymmetry very much but they feel that intriguing critical\-parent pressure to kind of give into it. They either fight the pressure \(high levels of spiky\-pushback behavior or what amounts to relationship sabotage\) or feel like they have to give in \(often unconscious, with negative side\-effects like depression\). Unfortunately the INTJ is typically very comfortable talking over the INFP and not really listening to their input or suggestions. This is not ideal at all. It can cause some crazy social gaffes and set the relationship up for more difficulty\-\-the INTJ is not able to recognize the iNFP's ability to help them because it hits a painfully awkward part of the INTJ psyche.
* This general outline also seems to fit equivalent relationship types, e.g. ISTJ \+ ISFP, ENTJ \+ ENFP, INFJ \+ ISTP, etc.
* Still this doesn't mean the relationship is doomed at all, and in fact these relationships seem to provide a lot of comfort overall.

If you want to look toward improving the relationship, check out "Just Your Type" by Tieger &amp; Barron\-Tieger. It has some great advice for INFP \+ INTJ.

Also IMO it helps if the INTJ in these relationships can look after and seek to balance out their life more, learning to slowly develop e.g. some comfort with extraverted feeling, introverted sensing, and extraverted intuition after they've mastered their core gifts.MBTI going full-on Socionics! Haha. But you left out any indication of dimensions?Depending on the position in the stack the functions have a dimensionality aspect from 1D to 4D that indicates a degree of what you might call function dexterity.That's a good point. I can't remember who it was, or to whom the attribution goes, but someone shared a quote like this at the recent APTi conference:

"Everyone is the same.

Some people are the same.

No one is the same."

I thought that was pretty cool. In one quote you account for the personality type point of view and also the reality of billions of individual people with their individual traits. From one big label to a separate, special system of identity for every single person.

There are also some personality types that seem _extremely_ good at focusing on identifying individual traits and specialities. IMO INFJs are right up there at the top of that list. In a type conference or similar setting, they seem to be the ones who can identify and build on common ground by noting ways in which type is too restrictive: "We're all the same--all of us are special people who don't fit 'in the box' in some way. Don't you think?" You're right on there. I can tell you that as a working coach, I and many other coaches I know work to integrate both type-thinking and trait-thinking into our coaching. We want to know about a client's past when we start to coach them, because it really does make a huge difference, just as you said. 

And if someone has really stretched way "outside of type," that's usually a big area of focus--they probably have a _lot_ of hidden strengths to develop that will likely bring them a lot of motivation and leverage. 

I remember one session with a client like this; he broke down and sobbed for about a minute straight because his parental figures (through no fault of their own really) naturally played down his latent talents and gifts to the point that by the time he became an adult he did not even seem close to his own core personality type. But those gifts were still a part of him, and he remembered exactly at what stage of childhood he had made the decision to finally leave them behind. As he has started to reintegrate those gifts, his life has really changed for the better. Anyway, just an example with which I'm familiar.Sure, I'm a [personality type coach](http://marccarsoncoaching.com). I'm not sure how amazing it is, but it's been a good fit for me. :-) I meet with individuals &amp; teams of different backgrounds and personality types and try to help them achieve big goals and sort out difficult problems. It's pretty analytical and goes deep into career goals, work performance, life values, that kind of thing.

When I work with teams I try to develop an idea of the "integral type" of the team. The goal is to help them see what their team or business personality type is, and where they might be missing some really easy, big wins that could be had due to strengths of that personality type.

Hope that helps--if it sounds interesting you should look into it further for sure.&gt; Personality type shouldn't be seen as static. It's all about trying to find the balance. This is what I think MBTI gets wrong.

Hmm. It's like somebody read some really old Jung materials (not that they're bad, just not really a great start for understanding why MBTI the instrument works the way it does), then glanced at rudimentary MBTI materials, then headed out into the forest to make a video about eating mosquitos and reacting to what they just experienced. :-)

More research or more experience with modern type theory is needed on the video producer's part. Let's move into the latter part of the 20th century at least. The greatest minds in type wouldn't, and didn't, get caught up in a simple trap like "ah ha, that's it, personality type is static!" Anybody who works with humans knows how dynamic psychology really is. Heck, read Isabel Briggs Myers herself: To solve problems most effectively, step through S, N, T, F viewpoints with regard to the problem. (Page 196, _Gifts Differing_)

Listen to even [John Beebe's old stuff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=770FrOmZbuU), it's impressively deep and nuanced. And here's [Richard Owen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huqbymKdQ0Q) at BAPT: The 16 types are developmental pathways. Type should be a journey that introduces flexibility, and modern type theories all speak to that.

Every theory is different, but in my training to administer Jungian personality type instruments I learned about a simple type development model with three aspects: Core type, developed type, and contextual type. The "contextual" &amp; "developed type" concept is a big part of what the video creator is missing here. His concerns have been spoken for and indeed long ago began to forge important new pathways in type, staying true to what he already knows is true from what Jung he read.Hmm. I think I just experienced this with my wife today.

- My Fe-aux Wife: "Nobody commented on my latest work for the organization...I spent all those nights on the project and I got one thumbs-up and not a single remark. And I keep getting these passive-aggressive remarks from a person who's supposed to be my boss." :-(
- Fi-tert Me: "Ah man, they just don't get it. They don't understand how much of a sacrifice you're making for them. That's literally all you do all day and they are oblivious. They don't deserve you."
- Meanwhile, also Me, typically on a bad day: "The tribe (whichever group it is) can go pound sand with all their "needs"...they have zero values and only care about shallow stuff. I'll show those guys by becoming my own best self." [Arrows thunking into back noises]

Fe seems to dodge social arrows (outward scorn, criticism, etc.) deftly, while Fi just soaks them up, because the prize of being true to oneself is too great a concern. And when e.g. a Fe-aux starts developing more Fi, I think they go through a process of learning to be OK with the way they _feel like_ living. Some more arrows come along and they just learn to live with that, because the benefits outweigh the drawbacks.

It's the same with e.g. a Te-aux learning to embrace Ti. You learn to kind of turn away from the question of "is it scientifically proven and accepted, I mean are we talking HARD, group-approved science here?" and live more comfortably in the world of subjective thinking. The benefit in both of these examples is a life that's more engaging, motivating, and flexible.

Thanks for posting!The model itself is intractable to "hard" science. You can't measure a qualitative framework because it's like trying to measure a fractal, or measuring infinity.

The _instrument_, or the _test_, is a measuring device that is based on the model. A measuring device is a way of creating a sort of social bond between a theory and a larger group within society. You use a sort-of agreed-upon measuring system and people try to make judgements based on that measuring system and how it's been applied in this case or in that one. There's usually lots of disagreement and room for error in that process, too.

Some people who measured things _really well_ previously criticized older versions of the MBTI _instrument_ as a poor _measuring device_. That's different from criticizing the theory, or disproving the theory. We should still listen to them, but we need to put their critiques in perspective.

Also, there are gobs of MBTI-like instruments at this point, and not all of them have been measured by those same measuring people. For example, outside of the MBTI there's the Majors PTi, and the author of that instrument used to work on the MBTI instruments, and has developed an instrument with higher accuracy and validity, better test-retest scores, etc.

&gt; It all really sounds a lot like astrology shit, for a comparison

In order to be _more_ objective when considering your point, we'd have to rule out the subjective factor, that is, your limited experience with MBTI. Do you have any real nuanced experience with this kind of thing yet? If not, perhaps your subjective experience with astrology is being used by your brain / your psychology to fill in the gaps. That would not be helpful if we're trying to conduct objective science. Does that make sense? 

In a way, your reaching out to us here is _your way_ of getting more objective, of using a "social measuring stick". This is called "extraverted thinking": "Here are my thoughts, what do you think? Is it scientific/evidence-based, or is it BS?" (There's actually lots of room in between those two positions)

Instruments like the MBTI have validity "scores" along each axis--I/E, N/S, F/T, J/P. So you could also have an instrument that performs amazingly well at separating introverts from extraverts, but is just awful at N/S.

Finally, we have to circle back to the other half--the theory is still intractable to science. This is the part that says, "who cares what science thinks, just try this and see how well it works." Speaking to that point, I'd encourage you: Try it out, give it a really good try and see what you can learn about yourself. Keep in mind though that most people who are doing free internet tests really just take an "MBTI-like" test, and don't really get the same experience they would get from working with a professional personality type consultancy like CPP (the people who effectively own MBTI) directly.ENTP: The world is a big mess out there. Let's do this right. From the [ground up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wpi7e5ARokE)! Within me are contained the seeds of only the best in the history of mankind--the elemental seeds! All aboard that's going aboard!

INTP: My life is one big mess over here. Let's do this right. From the top down--I'm a master of political intrigue! "I hereby announce my candidacy for mayor..."It's fascinating how these replies all sound like turbulent versions of the types. Your description sounds a lot like a turbulent INTP. This is tongue in cheek, but give yourself a few years, you'll probably become the mayor, or some kind of politician. You'll have done it for the love and appreciation, and you gave more than you ever received. :'-( ;-)So I've been big into Te and Ti lately (inspired by Dr. Nardi's exercises in his 8 Keys book) and I started making frameworks for things I care about.

One of those things was gardening. I was feeling exhausted by my yard. It was really lovely when I moved in. Long ago, some ESTJ absolutely dominated the yard and it's got a cement walking path all the way around it, a beautiful rose garden, etc. But I don't have a green thumb and under my neglectful stewardship it grew worse and worse. I expected Tarzan to come swinging out of the bushes at any time.

So as an exercise, I divided my yard into ten sections, then assigned day 1 to section 1, etc. When day 11 comes, I start over again on section 1. After planning that out, I wrote a simple computer program that puts "Today's Garden Section" on my little personal web portal page. I try to spend just five minutes a day and...voila. (Or not--it still looks like a badly-tended yard, but it gets more attention than it used to).

I'm thinking of doing the same for personality types. There's a lot to grasp, but I gain a lot of benefits from this study, and I feel like a learning framework could help me go the extra mile in that study. 

So what I'm thinking is this. Let's say day 1 is ESTJ day. My idea is that the computer program would then print some things like the following:

- Suggestions for approaching my day and my problems on that day from an ESTJ standpoint (got this idea from reading about the Zig Zag problem-solving method). Live that day as an ESTJ, in some ways.
- Links to overviews of the ESTJ personality type, for review
- Quiz questions. "Describe how tertiary Ne works in an ESTJ."
- Cues to connect with or further understand the ESTJs in my life, and ideas for doing so. For example, I have a client who is an ESTJ. Can I start to develop a framework for communicating with her? What are the "three rules" for communicating with that client successfully?
- Who are some celebrity or internet-famous ESTJs? Can I watch them on e.g. Youtube and learn more about them?

That's what I'm thinking. Anyway, I'd love to hear what you think. Anything you'd add to it? A different approach? Another idea? Some different technology to use? Etc.Example: I know an ENFJ dentist--he was irresistibly drawn to and yet completely drained by the actual work of dentistry. He worked very hard (Ti, AFAIK) at being precise and making the details work the way he saw it all working in his head. He wanted his patients to trust him and his work, yet in dentistry that doesn't always happen. After starting his own practice and hating it, he moved into management of a chain of dentist practices, and now he's into real estate sales.

I've been really interested in this topic (inferior function and careers) lately. It seems like career choices based around the inferior function can lead to some very high-risk situations.Here's a more fleshed-out opposed-attitude twin (my own name for this) example:

ENFP, INFJ

Ne, Ni

Fi, Fe

Te, Ti,

Si, Se

etc. all the way down

When I was feeling an impending sense of depression a while back I went through an "imaginary friend" personal growth exercise and the universe gifted me a healthy, comfortable-in-own-shoes ENTP imaginary friend who stuck around and has been a great example. His adventurous, self-directed lifestyle really resonates with my Fi &amp; Se. 

Some time after this, I was informed during a completely unrelated discussion that such an ENTP would be a good model for an INTJ due to the opposed-attitude functions. Indeed I find functions like Ti very useful and see ENTP characteristics as something I aspire to in a lot of ways.

So I'm wondering where this idea or model came from, who came up with it, if it has a name, etc. Thanks!Lately I've been coming across more and more discussion about how "Socionics has it right"--that if your first cognitive function is an introverted perceiving function, you are a Perceiver. While this makes sense to me on paper, in actual day-to-day life I feel like the traditional MBTI J/P dichotomy is way more applicable.

For example, take an ISTJ and an ISTP. Maybe the ISTJ is a perceiver (ISTp) according to Socionics, but in my experience every ISTJ I know prefers a more "[structured and decided](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/judging-or-perceiving.htm)" lifestyle. My ISTP friends and family are _way_ more "flexible and adaptable" than my ISTJ friends, on average.

Recently reading [Dr. Drenth](http://personalityjunkie.com/10/intps-infps-confer-infjs-intjs/), I came across this quote:

"As predominant perceivers, INJs are very patient with the information-gathering process. They prefer to remain open and forestall judgment until all the necessary information has been collected."

I'm trying to figure out if this is a characteristic of _the ideal_ INTJ or what, because the entire body of work at /r/intj seems to disagree with that. INTJs shutting out new information in favor of whatever was already in their head, left and right. And I mean, I do this too. To me, that's where Te is important--opening the cranky INTJ mind to the actual measurements. 

Compare /r/intj and its intensity with /r/intp. How are INTJs more patient? How are they more open? And how in the heck are they forestalling judgment compared to the traditional introverted perceiving types?

I'm sure I'm late to the game but I'd love to know what the thoughts are on this difference. And no disrespect to Socionics; I'm trying to keep an open mind as I study e.g. Gulenko's ideas, but this clash is quite jarring to me.Just curious, I took some online IQ tests recently and wondered why they're basically just "how sharp are your Ne and Ti?" tests. 

I enjoy using Ti and recognized immediate opportunities to put it to work, but ideation is not my strongest area and I found myself running low on the patience required to iterate over a bunch of possible patterns. To my psyche, Ne is not convergent at all and that scary fact (i.e. we could be sitting here for days, thinking of possibilities) is exactly what makes Ni so preferable.

Since my Fi is rather bipolar, I'm happy to declare that this situation seems brutally unfair and persecutory, and we all have gifts and darn it, I want mine reflected fairly in a global assessment test. ;-)About five minutes ago my phone made two different notification sounds, one right after the other. I checked and two ENFPs had just messaged me. Weird, but this is only the latest:

- Two weeks ago: 3 ENFPs in one day, saying long time no see, etc.
- A week and a half ago: 3 ESTP former clients contacting me within ~5 hours
- A couple of months ago I had an ENFJ day, with like four ENFJs getting in touch.

I'm going to start tracking this more closely, just for fun, but does anyone else notice this kind of thing?

[Note: I was going to use the word "synchronicity" in the title so I checked the dictionary and it turns out that the term comes from Jung himself. And an additional descriptor seems to be "acausal parallelism." Te heaven here :-)]I keep meeting NTs who wear [paddy caps](https://twitter.com/andyweirauthor) / flat caps. What is the draw to that particular accessory?Plot twist: Op is an INTJ with an ENFJ therapist and a brand new pair of shoesGood post. Hope you are taking care of yourself and letting things slide that need to slide for now.

IMO type offers some really interesting "whys" and opens great pathways for exploring potential life changes that can alter and hopefully improve a given complex of symptoms, but still type is only loosely predictive with regard to "what"--what will happen to someone, which symptoms, etc. Part of that really comes down to the confounding complexities of psychology: Some of us will "try on" different diagnoses as part of a learning process. "I definitely have X" is one thing that just happens to be wrong a lot, but being wrong is how we learn, too. And there are other reasons...

The definitions for words like "depression" are somewhat loose, being linked to the limited range of tools we can use to sense exactly what's going on. Really any type can experience symptoms of depression. We lack suitable frameworks for deriving additional information. So for now, a deeper and really satisfying exploration can begin with the why, asked at the level of the subject. Is factor X a correlation, or does it seem causally related? And under what circumstances, triggered by which elements of one's type-trait system which have met with which changes to objective circumstance? How does the subject feel about that--does it ring true to them? We have to escape from type for a while in order to go there.

There are also the non-depressed parts of depression, these hidden little gems of the condition which can yield positive insight. As an INTJ myself, I find it just about impossible to _think well_ or _intuit well_ while depressed, but I can still _sense well_, or I can _feel well_. I don't mean that I feel good, but rather that my feelings-system gets lots of positive attention and seems to flourish under those circumstances. (Don't think I didn't notice, and resonate with, those INTJ xoxo's ;-). There is a very musical and sensory part of me which emerges and it's like life is slowly re-injected while death is extracted. So I try to encourage that...

The crazy thing about depression and anxiety to me is that they are very closely linked with just how badly and frequently I need rest, relaxation, and the I-wanna-do's. If I go to bed late, or if I get up too early, I tend to push myself hard enough that those become huge risk factors for me. Anxiety is linked into that as well; the fight-or-flight reaction that comes about when there isn't enough of an energy reserve to stay in the game (whether that's a day's work or a single meeting or a phone call or whatever. You want to get me in a panic attack--deprive me of sleep and put me in a strategic planning meeting that was hastily called together by an ISTP who is mad at himself for being under-organized). Or at a broader level, maybe I'm in a system of less-sleep due to some circumstances, even if I get really good sleep a few times a week. So these problems need to be addressed not only on a daily or hourly level, but at a weekly or monthly or yearly level, or maybe at a type-of-work level, where I come around to admit that my current to-do list is far too sensory and will exhaust me very quickly. 

Regarding the I-wanna-do's, if my life isn't full of things I'm interested in, it's only a matter of time before I'm down and out...I find the cultivation of a broad assortment of hobbies has been really helpful here.

Still I'm pretty unfairly happy, even describing this stuff. That kind of wording is less sensitive to your current condition but I share it in case it strikes you as intuitively on-target as you begin to see little victories accrue. I'm happy to have learned about my depression. I kept logs, and I know a lot of the why and the how, and I know that it's really just a matter of time before it's gone, when it hits. About 2h is my normal depressive-episode length, when it comes along these days. It used to be a matter of weeks, or months at a time. 

So I'm "okay" even though I know I'll work through it again in the future. As far as I can tell, that's a reasonable goal for someone who is really pushing at life to get all they can out of it.Just a comment on the use of the model: Socionics is somewhat slippery when it comes to a convincing typing of an individual. You can see this in the deep plunge into depths of the model here, as if a scriptural fundamentalist is preparing for a final exam. The model is bent this way and flexed that way to support the argument. As if pragmatic white values positioning is the only way to explain why an experienced worker in the field of social intervention would prefer to abstain from leaps to judgment, and yet "strengthened Ni" is simply granted him when convenient. This point alone simply helps muddy the waters between IEI and EII.

IMO the key leverage point of Socionics remains the relational model developed by some of its adherents, followed by aspects like dimensionality, +/-, and the various dichotomies. It very easily fails to account for aspects like individual human development in the individual case. Even in relationships this risk is inherited, but no other model comes close to sub-models like the ring of supervision, etc.That's funny. My mom is an 82 year old ESFP.

All people are different in their quirky little ways, but overall I think she's pretty on-point in terms of ESFP stuff.

As a grandma--you basically want this grandma. She would sooner give you her last penny than see your smile turn into a frowny face. We visit her and she gives my kids all the toys they want, and they're FREAKING out because there are store-bought toys at the breakfast table, and then they go completely bonkers when they realize it's like on this schedule, another toy comes at noon, and another one after dinner! And if she sends toys in the mail, the ONE way to annoy her is to forget to send a reaction video. 

That's where her dopamine supply comes from, the reaction on the other person's face. You cannot supply this person enough dopamine.

In terms of her type development, she basically hasn't changed too much over the years. lol. She still talks a big game, she still takes long snoring naps on the couch, she still drives my ExxJ sisters crazy, she still loves food that tastes FRESH, ahhh THEY MAKE THE FRESHEST FOOD AT THAT PLACE!

She has easily sent back more high-end restaurant food than I myself have eaten. Anyone who has worked at a restaurant can probably read that part alone, and instantly they know who my mom is.

She is super-sensory. She watches what people are wearing, how much they weigh, what they're looking at. One time I was being a super-stealthy 14 y.o. and checking out this girl in church.

"DO YOU LIKE SO-AND-SO? I NOTICED YOU WERE LOOKING AT HER A LOT IN CHURCH," she says. Geez, and she's the last person you'd want to know about anything secret! Holy cow that made me want to throw up out of sheer nervousness.

She still looks amazing for her age, she's like royalty walking around, maybe the Queen of Chaos, I dunno the correct title.

Overall, people love her, they think she's great. 

I went on a date with this girl in high school. I said, "I like your name," because she had the same name as my mom.

"I'm named after your mom," she said. Wasn't expecting that one!

Her mom was struggling and my mom basically walked into her life and started spreading cheer. I think that's what happened.

Man, I could go on and on forever. And if I told her I wrote this comment, you know what she'd do?

She'd call her ISTJ friend and say "my son, he's this genius, this internet company, Red--Read It? Read something. Oh, what was the name? Real Estate? This Real Estate Internet company pays him to write articles to millions of people. This is what he does for work, can you believe it?" In the past, according to her, I've worked for Disney, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, all in her head but I've basically done it all. Once you become part of an ESFP's game, they are gonna talk you up crazy high. lol

I could go on and on. The basketball shorts story, the urgent rogaine story, the gigantic stash of porno mags story, the time she basically got me excused from all work in my 8th grade English class, the story about my ExxJ sisters and the quest for the Book About Mom...on and on. Epic and life-altering childhood experiences just due to ONE ESFP.

&gt; do you think that typing a younger person vs a much older person changes anything?

It sure can! I know of some people who have undergone _huge_ changes. But in other cases nothing seems to change at all, and the person in question is A-OK with that. The world can just change around them.
Fun fact, "seiten" in Japanese means "scriptures". It is pronounced just like "Satan".

(Wait, are fun facts still OK, or are you really super fundamentalist Ti-dom??)It might be easier to figure out your [temperament](https://lindaberens.com/resources/methodology-articles/temperament-theory/) and [interaction style](https://lindaberens.com/resources/methodology-articles/interaction-styles/) first. With that done you will know where Fi is in your core function stack, even if your contextual use of the function is similar to that of another type.I love it. This is also me on low-medium stress and about 200mg caffeine. lol. I know the frustration of that last panel. _Especially when I've shared the ideas with other people who are now excited to see something_&gt; INTPs fiercely protect their natural ideal: that there is something perfect and worth accepting (not judging) in all human beings.

This can be sliced and diced across Fi and Ti as well, because as-written it would seem to apply to both (even though I'd say "not judging" is maybe more like "not non-nuanced judging" since these _are_ called judging functions and sometimes even judging personalities, INFP, INTP--for a reason) but regardless, as an INTJ I feel a kinship with those Fi and Ti values. Some of the Socionics work kind of gets at why: For example, Ni and Ti are both 4D functions for me, and Fi is my launcher, if you look at Gulenko's work. _That_ really makes me comfortable because the standard NiTe model really leaves out a lot of stuff that's important, motivating, and empowering to me.

Really, this kind of intersection of psychologies makes me glad that we have all kinds of different perspectives to take, and models to apply, when it comes to analyzing people and their psychologies. We're all the same here; some are the same over there; and still no one is the same as me. Good post, thank you.Heck, I do this on toilets.It's weird to read this; I had an ISFP CS dropout as a roommate. The guy looked and behaved exactly like Elliot from _Mr. Robot_, hood and hairstyle and mad skills and everything.Well, I don't know about you, but my roommate was _extremely_ skilled when it came to computers. He was a senior and really understood things top to bottom. So I don't know if his dropping out was really a reflection of the idea that he was acting or looking to be perceived in a certain way. And personally when I was in CS (I transferred out eventually), I absolutely loved the attention from people who thought it was really cool, so I can identify with that too. :-)I love the ENTPs who nail the hyperbolic Si-Fe dress and speech. :-D  

- https://youtu.be/6Km34EXxGZ4
- https://youtu.be/ZtsqYGBK6XA
- https://youtu.be/3GqBCZaIAAA

(Not saying they're assholes...just triggered by your "I am well, thank you")It's really hyperbolic sensory work. Draws deeply intuitive connections between sensory experiences, relatively rich in metaphor given the tone and audience. It's smart dumb stuff. I can see it, sure. To me this is really close to what you might see with and ENFP client and INTJ therapist. Function of Outward Manifestation here is hyperbolic Te...similar to [this situation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkN4bwyY3jM). 

Anyways:Anyway::Chocolate:They Have a Thin Candy Shell

The only problem then is this mismatch-issue of "difficulty making friends," which would be more like "difficulty making friends feel like you really care;" and such a thing can unfortunately be a recurring problem for ENFPs with this disposition. However it's almost always also likely that they tell really killer story-jokes if you're into puns. 

I actually know one who wrote a 300 pg. book on word origins...Funny post! Yes, I have this Se-dom ESFP psychiatrist colleague. When I look mildly uncomfortable to _her_, like let's say I'm wearing a sweater indoors in the winter when she's wearing a frigging tank top and sitting on a yoga ball, she will sometimes say, "thelastcubscout, I really want to talk to you about something. But real quick, let's just take a minute and do some breathing exercises, would you like that? Really get grounded." 

It's like, did I sign up for a yoga class? Or did you just transform into my mom? Or both?!

Just the idea of doing any of that stuff, even just taking off my sweater, _ughhhhh_. Drop the body stuff already! It is not my strong point and we can't just swap out my psychology for yours right here with a yoga ball and some breathing exercises.

One of these days I'll probably care enough to say something like, "hey, I noticed you're very grounded and present in your physicality right now. Can we just take a moment and do some contingency planning exercises, maybe conceptualize a few outcomes? Really connect...with the _future_. You know, get our heads right up in the clouds and un-ground!"Hahaha :-)My ENFP sister texted me that exact subject line the NIGHT before she married an ESTP. lol. In summary, this kind of relationship generally rewards self-development and punishes inflexibility, even more than many other relationships do.

Being flexible in your types in general is helpful, and it can be even more rewarding if you're willing to try working on your critical parent sixth function. In your case #6 is Fe, and in your friend's case it's Te. Each of these judging functions are essentially what one partner thinks is the bee's knees where decision-making is concerned, and the other partner will find that they feel smarter and more effective and less pestered by troubles, the more they develop that same function. Really understanding how these functions are useful can help you become a more effective extravert team when you work together. 

For the introverted times (like if you hang out in the late evenings a lot, or when one is not feeling well), learning to recognize, encourage, and appreciate Ni on your end and Si on her end can also be rewarding and interesting. Good luck, that's cool for your friendship that you're reaching out for advice.Your brother sounds like a total pro! That's cool. 

One that came to mind is an ESTP executive client who leads a team of: ESFP, ESFJ, INFJ, ENFP. This guy is super patient and his expectations of his team are _so incredibly low_ at this point, and yet he's so polite with them AND super direct at the same time, that it all just makes me laugh in amazement. They all talk behind his back and I'm always just listening like, "you have the most amazing boss ever, and you have no idea." I can tell he really loves that he has this flock or pyramid or cult to lead, whatever it seems like to him, but he's also putting in the hard work of making it all work.Haha! Ni-five.Congratulations on your achievements. My brother's a Mormon ENTP so I am thinking he would also take exception. In fact I can picture his "WHAAAT." response as I write this.Absent any reference points I just took a bit from each type. This is because inwardly I can be very rebellious and crazy. I'm a lover of self-help books. People love me, or at least one of my cats and one of my kids does. When I have high Ne, I become an excellent conversationalist. I have a very dark humor. I carry a lot of stress, live in my own world, like talk very concise no blah blah blah, often talk to my cat palm named Clarence, am very focused on completing tasks, look for hidden meanings in things people say, my mood can change in 3 seconds, and I can be cheesy provided my ISFJ is around and it's Valentine's Day. PhewGive me about 200mg caffeine and I will be very, very hard to distinguish from an ENTP.

Anyway we should take a look at those functions together sometime. "Probably Fi" for "stress", I mean this is exactly why people complain that cognitive functions nerds just turn the knobs to make the functions explain whatever they want :-)A long time ago I made the mistake of thinking that since a couple INFJ friends really enjoyed personality type theory, a couple others would probably be into it too. So as I spoke to them in turn, they each drew out my Te-information-giver-explainer side as was their special skill :-) and to my embarrassment I quickly found that I also had a couple of INFJ friends who were really not into personality type at all, like at _all_ at all, for reasons like "such labeling robs the soul of its individuality, and you know--I just feel like everybody's special." [doorslam]

(I'm pretty sure it wouldn't have been a doorslam had they not been such good listening-feedback-giver-listeners for like 25 minutes of my blabbing about type though. It must have been near-unbearable at the end.)I have an ENFP veteran graphic designer friend now getting on 60 who loves Century Schoolbook, Bank Gothic, Trade Gothic, and Lucida GrandeNot an INFJ, but wanted to weigh in to share my own experience because you got me thinking. IMO Fi gets more deep, colorful, effective, Fi-like, and generally less INFJ-interesting (as a group; individuals may differ) as it begins to demand a greater share of the attention that would otherwise go toward Fe. Typically this is the point where it begins to promise to change the outward appearance of the INFJ's life.

To an INFJ this is easy to push out of the picture, or literally to just leave off the agenda, because the INFJ-Fe mandate is to _not_ be caught incapable of demonstrating social potency and awareness, and that's exactly what Fi turns on its head. Fi gives no guarantees as to where it will take you, in the way Fe seems to. For example, say INFJ Fe with the help of Ni-Ti-Se is putting together a new outward-facing experience (visit to mom &amp; dad, presentation at work, new business, etc.) which is socially perfect, meanwhile Fi is uninviting all of the guests one by one...why are we doing this again? And so begins a fractal of depth which may be impenetrable to Ni, depending on one's past experience...and the beginner asks: Where is this going? Am I just going to become a selfish hermit? And other scary questions.

And meanwhile, Ni knows that Ni-Fe is really amazingly effective. If only it would keep working like it has in the past.

When I coach INFJs this is usually a key component that comes up early. Flexibility with Fi is really easy to talk about, IMO. It's desired by and recognized by INFJs, INTJs, ESTJs...yes, I have feelings...yes, I can recognize and understand them...but that's relatively shallow for Fi. The rubber hits the road when Fi starts influencing outward-facing life decisions like those with a social component.

Just my 2c.
About 50% of the time, I completely agree with you. The other 50%, I crave power and the knowledge to dominate the weak willed souls around me into efficiency and success. 

It's an odd place, my mind.  Yes. A shadow king is the perfect title for an INTJ. Lol. I have a friend who plays tons of Crusader Kings and I really should try it out. 
Wow lol. That's still quite a learning curve. I'll definitely check it out.I'm not an expert, but I think (at least for me) Ni works unconsciously with Sensing to put together pieces of the puzzle without realizing it. Ni + Se makes that special INTJ foresight. Feel free to tell me where I'm wrong here. It's just supposition.

My example could be simply being smart enough to recognize patterns, but I've already written and re-written this comment three times so screw it. 

I am no fun to watch TV with.  I know who's going to die, who's going to end up in a relationship, and who the dirty cop is. This transcends to real life. A few months ago, one of my acquaintances told me that her mother was getting married to someone new. She seemed excited for her, but I remember thinking "I give it three months." It was actually two and a half months, I think.
 
There was explainable evidence pointing to this, but then, there always is. Every example of intuition has some kind of evidence behind the conclusion. 

Anyway, I hope someone else has a better example than mine. While I see your point, I think it may seem special to someone who isn't a Ni-dominant, it can be one of the more interesting functions to read about. Maybe that's just my INTJ ego speaking, though. Sometimes it's Ni, sometimes it's just common sense. 

And I think that for dif
 For example. I can out-strategize my INFJ mother all day long. But if you need to make 50 people feel happy and included all at the same time, she is all over that before I even learn everyone's names. Ni-Te (me) vs Ni-Fe (her).Lol looks like I got distracted posting that. Sorry. 

But yeah, I think that's what I just said. I wasn't trying to say that Ni-Fe isn't strategizing.INTJs - Just because so many people are drooling imbeciles, you can't assume that they're completely useless. Everyone has a place. Sometimes that place is far, far away from you, but people serve a purpose and discounting them is how you end up doing everything by yourself.  I also read hella fast. I used to get Nancy Drew books from the library and finish them before we got home (~20 mins). INTJ. I look up to ISTJs. They seem like the more functional INTJ, although that could be a misconception. I adore ENFPs as friends because they ground me in reality and in my thoughts. I'm an INTJ for certain, but I often get ISTJ on tests if I'm in a particularly Si mood. We know. My dad. I've always wished I was half as strategic as he is, and learning his type, silly as it sounds, gave me hope that I can learn to be as good as him. 

Other than that, the stereotypical INTJ response: Elon Musk. It's cool to see someone who's so obviously introverted accomplishing much. INTJ female. I drive a red Mazda 6. I chose it because it's comfortable in every seat (I carry passengers a lot), has pretty good mileage (avg 32 mpg) and makes me feel cool as hell. For sure. If I lived in a city, I would probably have gone for the Mazda 3. Really? That's disappointing. I wrote off the Mazda 3 because the backseat and trunk space were a little insufficient, so I never test drove one. 

I love my navigation and audio setup. Comparing it to my mom's (same year) Toyota Sienna, it was much more intuitive, in my opinion.INTJ: Sits in the corner, slowly emptying a bottle of some kind of fancy whisky, making snarky comments to himself about the other people at the bar.I don't know someone of every type, but I'll fill in the ones I know. Come to think of it, though, most of the types I know are kind of off-normal versions of their type, so who knows if this is accurate. 

ENTJ: Buys a dumptruck at 2am, has 10 customers by 6am.

ENTP: Knows everything, but won't lift a finger to improve himself.

INTJ: Sits solidly in the middle of almost every moral debate. (Yeah, I guess I'm giving myself a pass here.)

INTP: Is really very smart, but has no understanding of conversation.

INFJ: Neighbor yells at her, she brings him a fruitbasket.

ENFP: Makes other people's self-esteem her project, but lacks it herself.

ENFJ: Irresistible AoE magnetism makes everyone think they're her best friend. (Is also the evolved form of ENFP)

INFP: Incredibly passionate artist beneath a thin layer of social ice. 

ESTJ: Thinks that conforming hard enough will make him different. 

ISFJ: Supposedly a packrat, but her house is always immaculate.

ISTJ: Thinks smiling is a waste of time and effort.  

ESFP: Only works enough to support his craft beer and ping-pong habit.

I love the ENTJ I know. He's a hilarious, overachieving person who always gets everyone around him pumped for action. He always seems like he's on the edge of self-destructing, though. He's just a little *too* manic, he always drinks a few more than everyone else, and he occasionally gets this dead look in his eyes. 

Honestly, writing this made me realize I'm a little worried about him. I know an INTP who was raised around forgetful grandparents, so take that habit and multiply it by three and you'll understand why I carry earplugs in my pocket. :DI often dream about swimming. It's not usually the focus of the dream, just a passing part. It alerts me that I'm dreaming because I'm aware of my breathing when I'm underwater. Other than that, I usually dream about things in my life going horribly wrong.Nice job! I think you really nailed these. I'll admit I'm not familiar with every champion yet, but the ones I knew made me say "Yep, that's what I would have picked, too." We all take turns, but overall, the ESFP is our joker. He's the biggest performer and probably tries to be funny the most. Whoa jinx. Alcohol, and occasional caffeine. I don't want to do anything that's really going to ruin me, but alcohol is a socially acceptable way to loosen up.Probably an ENTJ for most of those. Easily manipulated, but high energy and smart enough to help me succeed. 1. Lawful Neutral. 

2. Probably Lawful Evil or Neutral Evil, although I'll have to ask. 

3. I think Lawful Neutral is the best way. I think INTJs are like coffee. We're a little bitter and sometimes acidic if things don't go just right, but we also help people function more efficiently. Kids don't usually like us (me at least) but when they grow up they realize how necessary we are.Here's one to an INTJ-specific server!

https://discord.gg/2RU4dkVI like both. Coffee, I take black as night. Tea sometimes needs just a touch of sugar. I get distracted overthinking the whole concept of sexuality and get bored, which starts me thinking about the other things I could be doing with my time, which usually ruins the mood. It can make for some powerful creative teamwork, and some mutual enabling of each other's procrastination. 65% ISTJ

14% ISTP

6% ISFJ

3% ESTP

3% INTJ

That's odd. I've always been just a tick over the line toward INTJ vs ISTJ, and identify more with INTJ. 

Ninja edit: also, no. It only took 25 questions for me. 
Of course, there are people who intimidate me. But I was raised by people who everyone said were intimidating, so I guess normal factors like physical appearance don't really affect me much. Plus, as an INTJ, I obviously am always the most important person in any room, so what's to be afraid of? 

(I kid, put away your pitchforks.) I think you're right about "Steady as the Beating Drum" for ISTJs. Idk, "Honor to Us All" seems a little too girly. https://imgur.com/a/tU7Wn

I'm probably the exception to the pretty INTJ female trend I'm seeing here. I'm an INTJ (yes, I'm sure) but I am very rule-abiding and I get the deep 'everything's going wrong everywhere' anxiety that is usually common to ISTJs. Thanks! :DEh, /u/DuncSully prettymuch covered what I think about it, but other than that... I like /r/intj. It goes through phases where I kind of avoid it because it gets full of immature INTJs asking for relationship advice and others asking how to turn an INTJ into a human, but on the whole it's an interesting place. I like finding possible correlations between type and personality features. I've always hated my body. I've always been overweight, and I'm working harder than ever to fix it. That's the most sizable (puns are fun) insecurity. Aside from that, I'm like ... borderline aspie, and I had a hard time making friends as a teenager, all through things that were my own fault. I still fear that the people around me hate me, and that I'll never notice.  /r/intj and I aren't talking right now. Maybe it'll grow up and be sensible again. ISTJ is INTJ but unwilling to rock the boat. 

ENTJ is INTJ but replace 'smartass' with 'ambitious' in the description.

ESTJ is ENTJ but only ambitious about being the very best cog in the machine of the world that they can. (grammar)

INTJ is ESTJ but slightly less useful in everyday life. I would happily read your comparisons of all the primary-function-sharing types. That was well thought-out and rings very true. That's the point. I'm laughing, but I know this is the most INTP answer there could be. Father: INTJ 

Mother: INFJ

/u/Penultimately: INTJ

No one liked my father and I, but my mother was (and still is) the most well liked person I know. Salad, unless they have french onion soup. Then soup. ... 

Ouch. I think Adele from Dollhouse might be an ESTJ or possibly ISTJ. My only basis for that is that I don't quite get the INTJ vibe from her, though.Yeah, I'll bet you're right. I do once I get a feel for their personality. I don't, say, set out to create an ENFP character to fill a hole in the story. I think that would make the characters less genuine or original. 

As for useless procrastination? Sure, it's a few minutes that you could be spending writing. But there will be times that you're not writing, and it's not useless to get a better grip on your character's voice and thought processes. Azula is INTJ IIRC.Ootori Kyouya from Ouran High School Host Club. ^^Don't ^^judge ^^me.Actually, no. I'm an INTJ, and my father is an INTJ, and my mother is an INFJ. All Ni users. No one likes us. I was gonna make a thought-out response to this post but then I saw someone more ambitious than me already had so... 

yeah. 100%
hey op, is this thread still going?

1. I feel like almost can be admirable in some sort of way if I know them enough (though I'd probably overlook feelings of admiration towards someone who has personally offended me or who initially rubs me the wrong way). That being said, what might initially cause me to respect an individual could be their devotion/passion towards something, their ability to be brutally honest when necessary (at least in one-on-one conversations), their intelligence, their aptitude at whatever it is they enjoy doing, or their overall "vibe". But yeah, I could probably find something admirable about anyone, granted I know enough about them. Don't really have much to say about the other things here.

2. I'm wary of individuals who show treachery or two-faced-ness (as opposed to just dishonesty), break social tact, try to make me inadequate or lack sophistication or "depth". Regarding environments, I'm not fond of environments where I or anyone I notice appears excluded or ones that seem "directionless" (as in, ones that aren't focused on a single thing) 


3. I'd say my memory is more "photographic" than "filmic"-that sounds pretentious but I feel like I'm great at remembering individual snapshots of concrete detail--what everything looked and sounded like at one moment, when I last heard that random throwaway pop song on the radio, etc., but I can't really remember events leading up to or following from those snapshots, nor do i remember the details of said intertwined events (tangentially, i'm a shitty storyteller). Also, while I have a solid memory in terms of details of discrete moments, I can't really re-feel how I felt about any of those moments. I can't re-feel the massive dejection I felt when I first tried asking out a girl, but I do remember exactly where it happened, what the surroundings looked like, etc.


4. Probably the present and the future, as to me, the past is only important as a means to understand those things. Out of those things, I think mostly about theoretical concepts/subtext derived from things I've noticed, or interpersonal relationships. for example, and to illustrate the next answer, if I'm watching a "deep" enough tv show, I like to pause at certain times to let my thoughts catch up to me, mostly in terms of the symbolism, imagery, and character-to-character interaction going on in the current scene (sounds pretentious, but I can't help myself from doing this). In this scenario, I feel like I'd prefer to focus on one idea in all its depth until I've figured it out (almost as if answering the question "what's that scene about?"), though I hate rewatching and I'd rather move on to another topic of contemplation before heading into the next scene. finally, I daydream a ton, though i don't quite remember the topics of daydreaming. i think it usually starts at something relevant to my current situation, maybe a single detail, convergently going forward. I guess my daydreams flow a lot more like a train, from point a to point b over a long distance, rather than the fire of a shotgun, from point a outwards in every which way over a short distance. sorry i can't give more than a vague metaphor, it's honestly really difficult to remember how my daydreams work. whenever i think about my future, however, ive noticed often that i'm driven to the conclusion that i cannot change it at all, and that leads me to lots of inaction in my daily life


5. I'm generally a big lecturer, and I'd probably prefer to shoot first and get questioned later (as long as the other person and I are clearly both willing to talk in depth about the subject). I feel like my ideas aren't easily expressed into language, so if I want to tell someone something in depth, I need to essentially "dance around" my ideas by using lots of words (imagine a scatter plot: the more data i throw onto a set of graphing axes, the more accurate the line). The questions are much more helpful to the both of us after I establish what it is I'm thinking.


6. had a lengthy conversation about anime yesterday, lmao 


7. I don't really like confonting people. That being said, let's assume I do decide to confront. If the other person is an acquaintance, I'd try to sugarcoat things or turn my opinions into suggestions (as in "you might want to do this" or "hey, have you tried doing this instead?"), though I'm not likely to be disagreeable. If the other person is a close friend or family member, I'd be much more likely to tell them in a more direct, blunt manner. However, if I'm in a shitty mood, I might lose my manners and start yelling uncouthly instead.


8. My interest really depends. If I had the opportunity to learn another musical instrument, I'd do it because I have a feeling it would be rewarding for myself (as I enjoy music). Whereas if I had the opportunity to learn kickboxing, I wouldn't because I feel as if it wouldnt be rewarding at all (I'm way too lazy for that shit). With your "wild and crazy" examples, a similar principle applies, as I'd love to try strange food if it sounds appetizing, but I'd hate to jump off an airplane given my fear of heights and the lack of any other reward. Also, if a friend convinced me to do any of those things, I'd probably cave as doing something with someone else is a reward in and of itself.


9. People who are close to me see me as very rational and probably about halfway inbetween "absolutely emotional" and "coldsteel the hedgeheg", though I definitely add dramatic hand gestures and vocal intonations to make up for my own shyness, or to show others I care about their presence.  I talk totally stream of consciousness. Ideally i'd  finish my sentences, though more often than not, they trail off at the end. Sometimes I have a habit where I interrupt because I always feel that I know where the other person is going to go with their sentence before they finish, but I realize that's pretty bad and I try restraining myself. I myself dislike being interrupted as it disrupts the flow of the conversation. I'm incredibly lethargic and I have a damn near prescriptive use of caffeine to keep me grounded. Sometimes I'm energized if i'm in the middle of something i enjoy, or if i know a cool event is going to come up later in the day, but other than that, i feel weary. i also dont like the initial push of getting out of bed


10. I have a terrible habit of never starting projects. don't get me wrong, I'd fully invest myself into one if I started, I can be super ambitious and perfectionist when I know what I want, and I'd feel that it would improve my own personal happiness. that being said, I can never overcome the inertia required to start one.


11. i'm an 18 year old american male.


cheers if you actually read this!Thanks for doing this!

Random question though, what singled me out as an NJ as opposed to an ISxP? Always knew I used Ni/Se but I couldn't tell where it was in the stackGot it, thanks then!this may be a humble throwaway account, but i feel the need to post this

if youve ever wanted to go crazy with Ni within the context of anime, FLCL is your show. everything has depth to its subtext and everything is interconnected, it's absolutely nutscornell student here; based on the way it's structured and the overall vibe, the school always seemed as if it were an ISTP's paradise


that being said, it's both big and heterogeneous, so all sorts of people can flourish there (unlike say, Caltech; i don't think i could survive in that sort of environment)alright dude, let me explain something. you're a high school junior or senior, right? everyone your age, save the psychopaths and future school shooters, intrinsically wants friends or at least people to be around, in their general atmosphere, at some people to be around. And in order for people to partially overcome the weird taboo of introducing themselves to completely random strangers, they join extracurricular activities. most people at most schools are at least partially social extracurricular types, regardless of whether or not they are extroverted by nature. hell, i'm the least socially competent person i know, yet i have plenty of friends around me. if you're a solitary animal trapped in a cage with another solitary animal, you're much likelier to interact with the other, right? Extracurricular activities are that cage. people put on the facade of being naturally extroverted simply to appear more gregarious to keep assimilating new people into their orbit. 


you might think you're onto something, that those shallow normie bastards are worthless, and that you're above that. but let me tell you, if you repel people at your age, you'll feel like shit at some point in the future. no matter where you go to school, this problem will be knocking at your backdoor. might as well bite the bullet and just join in the crowd, right? 


oh and if you're just wondering what sort of school has a proportionally large INTP population, look at Harvey Mudd, that shit looks like NTPland to the max. caltech is right on the money too. CMellon on the other hand, despite its rankings in stereotypical INTP-fetish subjects, seems more like an STJ-favoring place to meFurry curry?

Fooly cooly?

Furi kuri?


In any case, it's a set of sounds that every character seems to recognize, yet none of them quite know what it's supposed to mean, if anything at all. Watch the show and pay attention to where the phrase shows up; even though it's the title of the show, it doesnt appear with frequency-you'll be rewarded with a really charming metaphor for the bizarre, confusing, meaningless, yet important nature of adolescence
hey op, out of curiosity, would you happen to have a sort of answer key that identifies types based on HOW they write (as opposed to what they write in terms of content)? it's really fascinating how a lot of these end up being ultimately decided by writing style or structure, and I was just wondering if you have a list of your observations somewhere


regardless, these threads are sweet and much needed, bless youNi: [Schizophrenic ranting]i know, sheeple was being used sarcastically.

and no, i'm not even saying people accept the idea that "S people are sheeple insofar as every which one of them are easily influenced or stupid"; i'm more saying that people accept the idea that "within a given herd of people, most of them must be S types"--sheeple has two connotations, i believe. there's a distinction between the belief that S types are stupid or easily influenced (which no one really holds anymore) and the belief that S types are intrinsically common (which everyone appears to believe, I think)



oh, and to your second point: that's exactly what i wanted to get across, that they aren't particularly uncommon. Like, my friend group is roughly 60/40 sensor / intuitive, and i get that it's totally anecdotal but still, i've never seen the "N's are rare" in practiceyou're right, i got lost in rage there. it doesn't follow from what i was saying in the first paragraph that we shouldn't even attempt to correct mistypes




Hey all,

Does anyone have a good survey that i can fill out to type myself? A few of the ones i've seen look pretty bad/uninformative, and I've seen so many different ones that i'm not sure which is most preferred by the rest of the sub. So yeah, any help would be much appreciated!So I've been thinking:

Everyone on this site appears to take as premise that the tests are junk and don't reveal the test taker's true type. People also seem to have this massive consensus that N types (especially Ni doms) are these elusive creatures while 9 out of 10 sheeple are S types. Here's my problem: isn't the justification for this second belief BASED on the shitty MBTI dichotomy tests in the first place? Doesn't it bother anyone that we see so many N types here, but apparently none in real life? I know the big assumption is that "well N types are more drawn to MBTI so this sub is therefore the world's largest special snowflake congregate", but since when did anyone say that cognitive functions dictate one's personal interests? 


We really should abandon the dated belief about N's being rare, and moreover everything that follows from that ("spot the fake-NJ" witch hunts that many a thread has devolved into, PSAs warning us that we're actually SJs in denial that make us insecure about our own judgments of ourselves, etc). I think it's much better to NOT make any universal claims about universal type distribution--there are way too many variables (people being unable to be assessed for cognitive functions properly is the most daunting unknown) that make it ultimately a futile endeavor.
It is impossible to group all anarchist ideologies into a single bucket like this. INTJ. I'm almost always playing as versatile of a character as I can. In an MMO setting, this tends to be a paladin archetype, which can heal itself and outlast, or another hybrid role. I never want to find myself in a situation where I don't have a necessary tool for a job, and I would rather take each challenge slowly and correctly than rush in with guns blazing but no plan. 

In the tabletop context, I tend to play novel and/or entertaining characters that are focused on exploring and exploiting a single rule or concept. INTJ Anarcho-capitalist, checking in. Hear, hear.70% on right brain and 70% on people watching. INTJ. 

Any insecurity that I have stems from my delicate balancing of being genuinely good that the things I do, Imposter Syndrome, the Dunning-Kruger effect, and Narcissistic Personality Disorder. 

In summary, I can never tell whether I'm actually very good at what I do, or if I only _think_ that I am. 

Edit: 
Also, I'll say that growing older, getting a job doing what you love, and having kids has caused most all of my insecurities to disappear. 

Everyone is insecure about something at some point in their life, but part of what makes life fulfilling (for me at least) is accepting them and allowing yourself to exceed them. Those statements were more hyperbole than diagnosis. 

I wasn't really stating that I was narcissistic, so much as that I'm constantly trying to avoid it. If I wasn't balancing my self-confidence with my self-doubt, I would almost definitely fall victim to narcissism. 

I also have phases where I slip to the other side of this balancing act, trying instead to maintain confidence in my skills. Sure thing. 

I'd imagine that it's probably something that most relatively successful people struggle with, and I think that Ni is likely especially susceptible, since some of our strongest skills manifest as intuitive gut feelings rather than something developed through training, study, and practice. Also a diagnosee here. Makes me wonder whether there is a propensity toward certain cognitive functions for individuals on the spectrum. You're correct in that cognitive functions and types are not provable, but I don't think anyone believes that these are truths passed down from above or universal constants that we've discovered.

As a Te user, I see a Meyers-Briggs type as a bucketing of where an individual's cognitive tendencies fall when plotted on a 4-dimensional space. There's nothing magic here. We could add more dimensions for more buckets if we wanted a higher resolution, but 16 types is, I think, a good number to provide meaningful conversation. Absolutely, whether it's out loud or internal.

There's always an inner monologue that assists me in organizing thoughts and directing attention. Sometimes it's asking questions of myself to sanity check ideas.Yeah, it screams Ti to me.

I keep finding INTPs that lean communist and INTJs that lean libertarian or anarcho-capitalist.I hardly think that this is the proper forum to discuss the finer points of political ideologies, but thanks for your input. 

Edit: Also, I didn't juxtapose them as polar opposites; I merely stated some generalized positions from my observations. Regardless of your definitions of choice, there's a strawman in your argument. I'm affiliative, which makes sense to me. I'm on the spectrum and ended up adopting humor as a primary form of communication, since it's easier for me to grasp situational or expectational concepts than it is for me to read people. I have a very well developed Ti, for an INTJ. This is mostly due to training myself to metathink in order to try to figure out how I reached an idea or opinion. &gt; aren't those left wing parties?

You have a fundamental misunderstanding here. Political ideology is not a single one-dimensional axis, but several axes. A simplified model (but more accurate than the one-dimensional 'left/right' model) would be the political compass (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_compass#/media/File:Political_chart.svg).

/u/LaughterisPower has a point, which I agree with. "Left" and "right" are manufactured concepts meant to invoke feelings of tribalism and abstract away the real issues at hand. 

I consider myself an anarcho-capitalist, and tend to vote libertarian when that is a valid option. It's not a "left-wing" party, as that implies authoritarianism, regulation, and increased spending on social programs. It is also not a "right-wing" party, as that implies plenty of other undesirable policies.Oh, so pointing out that you're not acknowledging valid answers to your query is suddenly pedantry. Give me a break. Your comment and the OP's list both reaffirmed that I'm correctly typed as an INTJ. 

Thanks for that, I guess. I'm thinking that you were correctly typed.

I'm also a 5w4 INTJ, and I can relate to the bad puns and straight-faced absurdity. Ni/Te loves to extrapolate, and it's extremely fun to extrapolate from absurd starting points; this is part of what gives us deadpan situational humor.

I'd also hazard a guess that you would be a Te-ILI under Socionics.Sounds like blue is mistyped.I didn't say that blue was ENFP. I just said that blue was mistyped. "I'm not sure what the problem is with having a diverse array of choices for the next week with interested parties to be a good thing. I just found a place in the same breath as well as the next couple of months. I'm at a diner and the performance concerns about the potential move to a microkernel architecture and the performance concerns that I could handle this level of hustle and I. I don't think so much for killing the cherry."

Hmm...He was mistyped. The whole point of Ni is that it is constantly backed up by confirmation bias, which then provides a feedback loop to build even better models. You don't just "decide that it doesn't work". 

He sounds like a Fi-dom to me.  

Edit: actually, another option is INTP. Your bit about him being a computational theorist started me down that line of reasoning.  I think that you're confusing your own Fe for Ni. My hunch is that he's applying his Ti to the things that you say to make sure that they are internally consistent, rather than "talking you down from using Ni." Indeed. I'm a software architect.

I suppose I'm sort of an INTJ stereotype.My first boss out of college was a textbook ISTJ. The whole time that I was there, it was a constant battle where I would say "this is the way that things need to be", to which he would respond "but this is how we've been doing things, and I don't see how it is flawed or could be improved upon."

It was infuriating. Manipulating others to achieve a preferable sociopolitical end state. 

Obviously. The NAP is the best moral compass that I have available. I would only consider this in the event that the individual in question is violating or has threatened to egregiously deny another's right to agency. 

In that case, I would protect the innocent individual for free. This is why I carry a concealed weapon. 

If I have no knowledge of the stranger or the situation, I would not agree. This might be the most ISFP comment that I've ever read. Definitely not INTP. 

It read like INFP to me.  I know, right? It's so annoying being objectively correct, like, all the time. INTJ: "I told you so."Congratulations, you're an individual with your own personality and worldview.Everything is an assumption, really. The variable is just how much background data you're basing it on.I would actually say that 1+1=2 is an assumption. In fact, Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem pretty much proves that case exactly.27 male, INTJ 5w4But I always inevitably do. If the wife and I go see a movie, the drive home is usually filled with me ranting about the illogic of the ending.

I'm no fun. If anything, I'd think that spotting tropes is Ne, while following them to their conclusions and predicting the next set of tropes is Ni.

There are some very predictable patterns that can serve as templates when watching movies. I feel like that may be part of the addictive nature of browsing TvTropes. It gives the masses a small taste of the intuitive functions. &gt; INTJ - Science

Yeah, that's right. All of it. 
I did when reading the summaries of types. I took the test and got INTJ but when I read the description I was not sure that it fit me because I was not cold and logical all the time. I read all the other types and none of the stereotypes fit me at all so I gave up on MBTI for a while. Eventually I came back and learned about the functions and found that I really am an INTJ since the functional stack describes my thought process perfectly. So if you have not done that yet I recommend it. Though it does not always work, my girlfriend has not been able to decide between INFJ and INFP even with reading the descriptions of the functions and has started to get critical of the system because of it (though I am reasonably sure she is an INFJ.)INTJ- having huge plans and a grand vision for the future but procrastinating instead of acting to make it a reality (has become less of an issue as I have aged though.) Difficulty with understanding the point of social norms and empathy. I have found I genuinely care about people in my life but I can never tell how they are feeling unless they tell me (something my INFJ girlfriend is really bad about.) The biggest recent weakness has been my lack of concern with my physical surroundings. I can spend days of ignoring trash as it builds up in my room before finally taking note and going on a cleaning spree where I clean every corner of the place. I have been actively working on this last one both due to problems it causes with people I live with and because as a writer it is hard to include scenery descriptions in my writing when I never notice it in real life. I feel like I always hear about the social issues with INTJs, I am curious whether the other issues are common as well. INTJ- I prefer music that is complex and/or well written. Progressive metal is my favorite genre but I like a bit of everything, just depends on the artist and their songwriting ability. Back in the day I was a pretty major metal elitist but as I got into progressive music I branched out into new genres. I have somewhat different requirements for each genre I listen to. For example with metal music I want it to be instrumentally and structurally complex (same with jazz, funk, classical, etc) whereas for pop music or rap or folk my requirements basically boil down to it being pleasant to listen to and well-written. I definitely listen to much more of the former category though, pop and rap remain somewhat guilty pleasures. As others have pointed out the cognitive functions are the only way to get any validity out of MBTI. I am also an INTJ and I had the same issue when I took it, half the stuff fit well but then the rest did not. The stereotypes are ridiculous and are inaccurate as often as they are accurate. The thing you learn with the functions is that just because you are a Thinking Type does not mean you do not have emotions, nor does it mean you are bad at empathy (though to be fair a lot of INTJs including myself are.) I highly recommend reading the functions for every type and how they manifest and seeing which clicks. Chances are it is INTJ but ya don't know till you look. Good luck figuring it out and hope you find how useful it can be for understanding yourself and others.INTJ: Language, Self and Music. Really glad to see someone else say this. I doubted my Type a lot early on because of how emotional I can be behind closed doors. Part of that is probably linked to having been in multiple abusive situations but I also like to think it is my Fi acting out. It's probably true. I am very emotional. I just don't express it when in public. I have limited interaction with other INTJs but I think it is probably true for them too. That damn tertiary Fi, man. I have a small family so I am gonna add my long time girlfriend and my two best friends who have become like family. 
Me: INTJ
Mom: ESFP
Girlfriend: INFJ
Best Friend 1: ISTP
Best Friend 2: ENFP
I think the point most people are trying to make is understand the functions and decide for yourself. It works better than the tests, which are notoriously skewed. Try and be as objective as possible (impossible to achieve 100%) and study the functions and honestly ask yourself, "Is this how I think?" It sounds weird but I have found it easier to suspend biases I  an honest analysis of myself than in taking a test. Although, I ended up deciding on the same type after analyzing as I consistently got on the tests (INTJ) so might be harder with conflicting results. I would be interested in seeing those for literally any type. But if I had to narrow it down I would go INTJ, INFJ, ISTP, and ENFP. Just so I can show the only people I am close to their types and my own. I feel like I am in a weird position because my mom is an ESFP, and I adore her. She is probably a big part of why my Fi seems so much better developed than most INTJs I have interacted with. She is honestly one of the most kind and caring people I know and has a really strong and commanding presence with people that I honestly envy. The only real negative was that when I was growing up she threw a lot of parties. They were loud and annoying and stressed me out to no end, especially because her friends loved to try and get me to come down and socialize, even though my mom always respected my privacy. She is also my only experience with an ESFP that I have been truly close to though so maybe she is just a rare exception. Most people on r/intj are probably not INTJs. That place and most other INTJ forums have made me go back over all my research into MBTI to be sure I am not mistyping myself. I inevitably land on the same conclusion every time so I am honestly just convinced that most people typed as INTJs on the Internet are mistyped but that I am not. I would question your example of r/intp as a better community though, the arrogance and refusal to listen to dissenting opinions is rampant there as well. I still enjoy some of their posts though, same with our resident sub. 

Anyway, a helpful comparison I have read a few times is that IJs can seem more outwardly stuck in a particular way of doing things or thinking but will be more internally receptive and will be more likely to incorporate new info into their worldview after they have reconciled it with the info they already have. According to this comparison IPs are the opposite, seeming open and receptive but not actually changing their views internally. 

Based on my observation of myself and my girlfriend I feel the first is accurate. However, my ISTP roommate and best friend belies the part about IPs. He is unwilling to try and see things from any angle besides the one he already has and does not try to hide it. If you disagree with him or try and get him to see things from a different angle you are either stupid or attacking him from his point of view. He is also not very well developed and has autism though so that could skew things. It can be really frustrating for two Ni doms living with someone who can only see things from one perspective but fascinating too. 

Anyway, I think the traditional J/P dynamic works great. To me it makes a lot of sense to classify this part based on what is presented to the world. I have not done enough research into Socionics to comment on their system though. I have actually never gotten anything besides INTJ on the tests. I still prefer the self-analysis route as far as typing myself but that always ends in the same result too. Before understanding the functions I occasionally thought I might be an INFJ when I would get more emotional though, though now I know that is not really a good way of telling if you are F or T.I am a firm believer that all types are necessary for a functioning society. It seems likely that the types developed as humans evolved to fill particular niches in early human societies. Although, groups with NiFe in any combination would probably fare the best in their individual groups due to having the ability to work together competently and plan what they need to survive. 

As much as I am proud of my Type if I ended up in this situation the first thing I would do would be ditch the INTJs and look for the INFJs or ENFJs. The problem with INTJs or ISTPs or whichever Type during a situation like this would be trouble with working together. No one would want to fall into a lower rung in the new society, everyone in the group would think they were the smartest and the best leader and the whole thing would deteriorate really quickly. With NFs or SJs you know some sort of central structure is going to emerge and guide the group, and that the people are probably going to work well together and that is frankly needed for a situation like this. I feel like it can be a bit confusing because of the way minds work honestly. I think it comes down to more HOW you dissect things rather than WHAT you enjoy learning. In MBTI I am really interested in all the theories behind it and dissecting each cognitive function to discern exactly what it dies. I also know sensors that are into it and they seem far more interested in the real world applications. They wanna see how it plays out in the people they know and affects the world. That is a major oversimplification for both ways of thought but I am short on time. 

Just to provide a second example, my favorite academic subject for learning is history. I have heard that of all MBTI types history is most popular in SJs. However, my interest in history does not stem from wanting to know a bunch of names and dates (not saying that is the case for all Si users) or even about wanting to learn the stories of the people. It is more about having a big picture idea of how we got to where we are now. I enjoy learning it so I can make connections on how each event I read about impacts the modern world and the future. I dunno if that is as strong of an example as the first. Ah well, gotta get to class. INTJ. He is spontaneous and idiotic. He does not understand how government works at any level and would be a disaster for foreign policy. Even if you put aside all of the hateful rhetoric he spouts I do not see how anyone can honestly believe that putting someone who knows so little in charge of the nation. His history of failed business ventures ruins the only possible appeal I could see in him, that being an understanding of economics, but he doesn't have that. All he has is showmanship.

I also have concerns about him being an authoritarian. He has outright admitted to finding people like Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong Un to be admirable leaders (both of whom are despicable people and atrocious leaders.) On top of that he grew up believing he could get whatever he wanted by throwing tantrums, which is dangerous as fuck. I don't believe he could override Congress but the thought of someone even trying is disconcerting. So basically, I don't want him to win. I refuse to vote for Hilary either though because I do not believe in a lesser of two evils. I was going to vote for Gary Johnson but his recent blunders regarding his knowledge of foreign affairs have knocked him down a few pegs for me as well. INTJ. Dunno if these will be representative but a lot of mine are phrases. 

"It would be more efficient to...."

"Except that's not true."

"You're being biased."

"But why?"

"Interesting."

"I was reading..."

"I learned something interesting today..."

"That's annoying/ they're annoying/ you're annoying."

"I'm really excited about..."

"Oh, I could use that for (something.)"

"What? Nothing's wrong."

"I'm just really tired."

Specifically on social media, "Check. Your. Sources."

Specifically to my ISTP roommate (paraphrasing), "Why do you enjoy offending people? Why not just let them live their lives the way they want and worry about your own? It's pointless and being edgy is not really funny anyway." His response? "It's just how I get my jollies." Ugh. 

And probably the most common, "I don't have enough time."

I also say "sorry" a lot. But I know that is an emotional abuse thing not an INTJ thing. INTJ. I personally have a really difficult time with changing plans and being spontaneous. If a plan is set it is set and no explanation is good enough to justify cancelling it. I have gotten slightly better about this over time but have a miniature meltdown in my head. Also, poor observation of the physical world. Get so lost in my head that I never take note if what is going on around me unless I consciously stop to think about it. It's especially interesting how proud the online INTJ community is of all the immature traits and how often you see it used as an excuse for being shitty. The way the online community acts it almost feels like the mature INTJs aren't actually INTJs, though obviously that is not true. INTJ. On the cusp of being able to call myself a writer as I have been recently published but it was rather small. And being a writer has been my dream job since I was eight. Honestly for me (INTJ) a big part of the blow of the breakup will be the collapse of all the plans I have made for the future with the other person. If I have committed to someone it is because I can see myself building a life with them and so the pain of a breakup is about half raw emotions and half "what the hell do I do now?" So I guess something would be sitting down with me and helping me see that there are other options for handling the collapse of my future.

As for the emotional part I would prefer it to be civil so we can stay friends as I have way too few of those as is. So just explain what I did wrong and what I did right so I can adapt where needed and leave what is okay. I don't really see a point in eliminating contact. The way I see it we obviously liked each other it just did not work in a romantic sense. And considering how much I struggle to make friends I don't like to let things end completely. Of course, those "friendships" usually only last until I forget to talk to them for a year but still. I think overeating is common in Ni doms unfortunately. I have always assumed that has to do with inferior Se. I know for me that I have struggled with food because I will eat a lot of it but not really pay attention or enjoy eating it. Then when I finish eating I feel like I did not really eat in the first place. Same with most Physical activity. Has made improving my eating habits easier on me though, eat less and try and enjoy it more. This whole thing is just... ugh. I saw the comments in the original post too. Lots of trashtalking MBTI in general as to be expected. On a side note why does everyone equate INTJs with logic? I never really thought that was our defining trait, always associating that with Ti. I always associated us with planning above all else. Confused. I think I am particularly good at including complex plots and characters in my writing (adopted MBTI specifically for character building.) Very good with internal consistency of the story as well. Decent at emotionally hard hitting moments but far from great. Really bad at sensory descriptions, though I am trying to improve those. 

Frankly, my greatest strength as a writer is how much thought I put into everything I write without having to spend months on outlining (though I do some.) It is easy for me to develop an entire story in my head in a relatively short time and then put it to paper. INTJ-Ravenclaw. 
GF is INFJ and Hufflepuff. INTJ, male. I do not believe in waiting until marriage because I think marriage is a completely arbitrary threshold that does not actually make any difference in a relationship. I don't think holding a ceremony fundamentally alters a relationship in any way and do not think I need to enter a legally binding contract to prove I love someone, I am extremely lucky to have found a partner who feels the same way.

However, as someone who has engaged in both one night stands and sex with a committed partner I definitely think there is something to be said for sex with a serious partner over random people. So I guess I don't believe in waiting for marriage but I would advise anyone who has not had sex to at least wait for someone who they share a real connection with as it will likely be a better experience. 

Also, in case anyone gets offended I do not think marriage needs to be abolished or anything like that and you all can keep getting married as long as you like. It just does not make sense to me personally. Got my actual type (INTJ) despite feeling like some of my answers might skew the results toward an F type due to their binary nature so seems pretty solid. Several for me as an INTJ. Most of them come from people who claim to be INTJs though. I get sick of hearing from edgelords about how they don't "see the point" in making connections with another person. It is genuinely difficult for me to form lasting friendships and relationships with people and I often feel like I drive others away but I genuinely want to form connections and wish I had more than two friends. I think it just pisses me off seeing people act like one of the biggest things I am striving to overcome about myself is somehow a positive that makes them better than others. I know they will probably grow up eventually but still. 

Similarly, I don't understand why everyone always talks about INTJs as being "logical" when I have always thought of us as being more like imaginative, efficient, and strategic and INTPs as the logical ones. Not sure if that is a case of mistypings skewing the perception or if I just misunderstood the whole system but as far as I know Ni is not a "logic" function and neither is Te. 

Coming from non-INTJs the biggest one is people assuming I am rude when I have not said a single thing to them. Apparently being quiet equals rudeness. I am usually willing to have a conversation if someone tries to initiate one but they either don't or don't give me anything to work with and then wonder why I am not responsive. Why did the INTJ cross the road? 

He didn't, he's too busy planning how he is gonna do it when he finally gets around to it. Probably about an hour ago so I doubt we have anything going on the 10th or not but has missed the titration experiment. I think the first Mistborn trilogy and was left desperately wanting more by the end of this summer and next week to go but I could probably do Thursday night. Google Play Music from my place so you have a wonderful time to take Hans out one more time tomorrow though I have tried to get them coveted prize in a lot more physical than most food service job on a while since I've been here. I have no idea what will happen so August sounds good to go home and then knotwork branching out of it because of my days in a row of my Measles. 

INTJ. Don't think this makes much sense. You forgot all the posts complaining about MBTI and calling it stupid because they are too unique to be typed. 

Also, posts complaining about the content on the sub but I guess you kinda got that one covered. INTJ and INTJ. I was skeptical at first because it sounded too good but I kept taking different tests and getting the same result. Then learned about functions and compared them to my own thought processes and realized it was definitely true. Though I think I have a more active Fi than many INTJs it still all clicked for me. I think Jon and Dany should be flipped personally. Can't has a set of moral values that she sticks with no matter what. She cares about people, sure, but her ideas about morality ultimately come first even at the expense of individuals, which I think is more an INFP thing. Jon on the other hand doesn't seem to adhere to any strict moral code or judgements about what is right or wrong. He cares about people in general, even when the morality he was raised with says he shouldn't (wildlings.) 

On top of that Jon seems much more driven by a true long range vision to me, even if he lets his emotions get in the way frequently. Ultimately he sets himself on a goal and sticks to it. Dany had the same thing but she has been much more likely to get sidetracked whenever a new prospect came up, leading to her taking so long to come back to Westeros despite having the means for a while now. 

I am no expert but I think those are some of the Fi vs Fe and Ni vs Ne differences. Anyone that knows more feel free to correct me though. Great list overall though. Also, thank God someone else thinks Tywin is an INTJ, always see him typed as ENTJ, which fits but I think INTJ fits better personally. Turn it into an intellectual pursuit. The feelings of others and those of yourself (drop the Thinkers don't feel bull shit if you're still holding onto it) can be analyzed and understood through rigorous thought, same as anything else. Sure, they aren't usually logical but nothing actually is so who cares? You just changed my whole pronunciation of  Fe and Fi. Fe as fay. And Fi as fee. Same with all the abbreviations essentially. Yeah but if they had half a brain they'd realize they are better off being the best version of their type possible rather than trying to fit themselves to a different one. Si=/=good memory inherently. Just like not having it does not mean you have a bad memory. Do you take pride in bot wearing a lot of make up or dressing up all the time? If so, you care about appearance. People thinking thinking=no emotions is gonna give me an aneurysm. Well, that's just because all IxTP's are actual robots. INTJ. First paleontologist until I was eight. Then decided on author and never changed my mind. You forgot, "I felt an emotion, does this mean I am actually an INFP and not an INTJ?" Or, "I got good grades in school, does this mean I am actually an INTP even though I match ESFP in every other way?"

Feeling DOES NOT EQUAL HAVING EMOTIONS.  Literally every single person except sociopaths has emotions. Thinking types are not inherently sociopaths. 

Thinking DOES NOT EQUAL BEING SMART. Anyone can be intelligent in literally any way. The amount of dumbass Thinking types I have met blows my mind. The amount of incredibly intelligent Feeling types does too. 

I swear to God nobody bothers to do their fucking research on how any of this works before making ridiculous assumptions. These people are no better than the, "But you can't be ONLY an introvert or an extrovert, therefore MBTI is invalid," morons. 

Sorry to hijack your rant. I love MBTI but God do I get sick of all of this. Just do your fucking research, people. You're the savior of this sub. See, I see rivalries as being more about competition, not just not liking the way the other person thinks. 

The only people I have ever really considered "rivals" in my life has basically been because we had some major stuff in common but they also were strong in areas where I was weak. 

For context I am an INTJ. 

I felt a sense of rivalry with my ENFP best friend in high school because we were both generally nerdy guys and both really smart but where everyone seemed to hate me he got along with basically everyone, and at the time it frustrated me. Now, I think it is extremely flattering that someone who has such an easy time making friends chose me as his closest. 

I had a rivalry with an ENTJ during my early years of college because we were both in the history club and again, we were both really intelligent people with a lot of similarities but he was much more adept at DOING things than I was. I can actually credit being around him with developing my Te further, which was a wonderful side effect of that. 

I have felt a sense of friendly rivalry with every ENTP and INTP I have ever known because they tend to have such a different style of problem solving than me and I have always been jealous of their quick thinking, relentless creativity and improvisational skills (common to all Ne users really.) Ni-Te vs. Ne-Ti is probably my favorite comparison of MBTI functions and one I have played with in all of my writing so far. 

Now, if we are going purely by hating someone rather than viewing them as someone I am competing with. I have generally not gotten along with ESXJs at all, though there are exceptions. ESXPs are a mixed bag for me considering one of my closest friends is an ESTP and my mom is an ESFP but a lot of the people I have never gotten along with are also one of the two.

 As with everything type related, there are no hard rules to it. I've typically seen Spock typed as ISTJ. So could have a well developed Ne. I am not insanely familiar with Star Trek though. Clinical depression? Probably not. Given that it is just a chemical imbalance and anyone can be born with it.

Depressive personality traits? Probably more common among intuitives and people that use introverted feeling. But that is just theory. 

I have clinical depression and am currently on medication for it and the meds are working fantastically. But I still feel a sense of existential and cosmic depression pretty frequently. Difference is that I can still get out of bed despite that and keep working and being productive whereas clinical depression stopped me dead in my tracks. 

So I would say existential/cosmic/whatever forms of depression that are more due to your own thoughts and feelings rather than due to an actual mental illness are probably more common in certain types.I just angry at how inefficient people are in grocery lines. Don't usually see people chatting people up but people waiting until AFTER all their items are scanned to slide their card? People arranging their items chaotically rather than sorting it with heaviest in the front and vegetables in the back and pairing like with like to make it easy on the cashier? People standing at the very back of the fucking conveyor belt blocking the next person from putting their shit down even there is plenty of God damn room?! 

Yeah. That stuff happens all the time and annoys the hell out of me. But people being overly chatty would annoy me for the same reason I suppose. I want to waste as little of my time at the grocery store as possible because I have things to do. This video is based on an extremely flawed understanding of the theory. MBTI is not perfect but it is also not as they portray it here. In general, if a criticism talks about the dichotomies as if they are the whole of the theory, disregard them as Ill informed. If someone criticizes the idea behind the cognitive functions then they may be worth listening to.

Some people USE the MBTI like a horoscope but that does not mean that is what it is. Cognitive functions fit me perfectly and are why I know I am an INTJ. But I have not been blunt in years (history of abuse will do that to you) and have a tendency toward trying to people please without actually understanding their emotions very well. I often have the urge to be blunt with people but I basically freeze up when people get angry so I do my best to never make anyone angry. Not healthy and I know it and am actively trying to change but behaviors you learned as a child are hard to overcome. 

I do conform really well to the planning years and years in advance stereotypes though.1. Rural
2. Urban
3. Urban
4. INTJ

I would probably never live in a rural area again after growing up in one honestly. It's basically conform or you will be known and hated by everyone in town and while I generally don't care what people think I also prefer to draw as little attention to myself as possible and that is essentially impossible when everyone in town knows you by name. INTJ 

History. 

To pre-answer the question that is always asked: I have had a singular goal since I was 8 years old, being an author. I picked history because I find it fascinating and my experiments with college creative writing classes were abysmal so I picked something else that I saw could help me write, particularly fantasy. 

After picking it I also decided I would advance on to a PhD and then attempt to go inti academia as well as writing fiction, depending on how successful the fiction is. 

Am I worried I will never get published? No. I'm dedicated to this and constantly improving and will keep pushing to get published, and I have put a fuck load of research into the industry and what is required required to succeed in it. Only way my career does not end up being professional author is if I die first. 

Sorry for the long response. Just heard the questions a million times. Also have had people doubt I'm an INTJ because of my major and chosen career which is just ridiculous since the way I go about them is about as INTJ as you can get but whatever. INTJ male. 

Close friends and family around the shoulders/upper back, kinda loose. Close Male friends sometimes get the fist tap to the back. 

Romantic interests around the waste. Tight. Sometimes get the slight lift or groping depending on the mood and how long I've been seeing them and how comfortable they are with that. 

When someone I barely know hugs me by surprise (happens weirdly often to me) they get one arm raised to the back to tap and then dropped. If they don't let go after that I will forcefully extract myself. MBTI: yes, with the caveat that it is really just observable patterns and not likely to be something 100% true. 

Zodiac: absolutely not. Even if my sign did fit me, which it doesn't, there is just nothing to it I can believe. MBTI is at least based on observation to some extent. 

Hogwarts Houses: I mean... they're basically just dividing people into four really basic stereotypes: smart people, nice people, popular people and successful people. So... yeah? I guess? Not really a valid personality model since it is completely lacking in nuance but it is fun and fine enough if you take a really zoomed out view of personality. Yeah I dunno. I don't really see his style of humor as fitting with INTJs. We tend to be extremely dry, where he is abrupt, loud, and chaotic. I might be biased because I've always hated him and found his videos extremely annoying but then again I feel the same way about a lot of other INTJs so maybe. 

The people saying XSTP I think are on to something. The friend who keeps trying to convince me he is funny is an ISTP so may be some connection there. My best friend is an ENFP and he is one of the most creative people I have ever met. He and I work together on projects a lot and basically he fills the role of idea generator where I take his ideas and refine them. He also is extremely caring and is constantly checking in on me to make sure I am handling things okay and I have never met someone as understanding as him when it comes to the way my depression affects my daily life. And his ability to just socialize with anyone makes me insanely jealous. 

My ex is an ENFJ and I have never known anyone more organized than her or more dedicated to helping literally every person she comes into contact with. She champions the dreams of people she just met with more fervor than I can manage for a dream I've had since I was eight. 

I adore them, two of my favorite people. Now INTXs though... we annoy the hell out of me. Can we start the anti-anti INFJ circlejerk circlejerk yet? Going outside? Clearly a mistyped Sensor, dummy. My mom is an ESFP. I adore her and she did a wonderful job of raising me but God damn are we extremely different. It's funny, because as a young kid I thought we had tons in common because I was only looking at surface level stuff: we liked the same music, we both liked to read, we both liked tattoos. Only real difference I noted at that age was she loved to have company over and throw parties and all I wanted to do was hide in my room. But as I aged I have come to understand that we approach essentially all aspects of our lives completely differently. Still love her and could stand to learn a lot from her but it was an interesting realization how different we actually are. Type: INTJ 

Mid-Left, Mid-LibertarianThe process tends to go like this, at least for me. 

Step 1. Argue with the person who is right and make an ass of myself as I stubbornly cling to my existing opinion.  

Step 2. End the argument and immediately start to wonder if maybe I was actually wrong after all. 

Step 3. Several days later think about it again and do more research on the subject to see if I was actually wrong after all. 

Step 4. Realize I was wrong. 

Step 5. Integrate new facts into my head and let go of old opinions. 

Step 6. Apologize to the person I argued with for being an ass, and admit they were right but still act defensive about why I believed what I did in the first place. 

Step 7. Repeat with new topic. Its valid though. A lot of INTJs can be absolute assholes. And while I think realizing we are wrong is probably pretty common I doubt that all of us apologize about it honestly which does leave that lasting impression of the asshole who couldn't admit they were wrong. I didn't used to apologize for it either but I have started making a serious effort in the past few years to be less shitty to interact with. Now if I could just cut the initial reaction completely I'd be golden. 

And it's totally fine to pick on us. Lot of us need to be knocked down a peg or three. I assumed it was INFJs OR ENFPs were the girl and INTJs OR ENTPs were the sharks. Hating is a waste of time and energy. More important things to be doing. It confuses me because sometimes it feels like it has a major influence on me and my decision making and other times it feels almost entirely absent. The anti-anti-Sensor circlejerk is reaching peak. Soon we shall reach the anti-anti-anti-Sensor circlejerk. I don't even bother anymore. I know the only characters of my type will be poorly written villains who have a "master plan" that is so impractical it sounds like a four year old wrote it but we are expected to buy into them being mega geniuses because of how impractical it is. Ugh. Obviously some exceptions, mainly women, I've noticed. And good ol' Mister White. Who was still a villain but at least he wasn't a poorly written one. Depends who you ask. I have seen him types as such but I've also seen good arguments for INTP and even ISTP. I am not familiar enough with the character to really say one way or the other though honestly. Yeah I also stress clean. It is fantastic because I can feel productive but it also leaves me free to continue stressing out about whatever it is in the background (and maybe eventually finding the solution.) Have you considered the possibility you might be depressed? I mean, I'm a "Judger" and a type literally known for master plans and all that bull shit but I have MDD and it isn't dissimilar to what you've described. Type plays a role in everything, of course, but it is never the only factor. Tons of Perceiving types accomplish a lot. Many of them accomplish more than many Judging types regardless of what the statistics may say. 

What you're describing does not sound like something that can be chocked up solely to type. One of the hardest working people I know is an ENFP, whereas I (pre-antidepressants) had a hard time even getting out of bed or doing more than two tasks per day despite my type. If you're hating yourself for it and still experiencing ambitions and all that you should really consider what else it might be than just your type. Same actually on the Sensory indulgences. Though I avoid things that feel like losing control too much. Want control of my indulgences so they don't get out of hand. Trying to be sensitive without having an intuitive sense of what people are okay with leads to turning everything to extreme black and whites. I thought I was the only one who saw this. Not a fucking shred of Ni in him. People just can't accept that Sensors can be interesting characters too. So they see an obvious Te user and therefore they are INTJ or ENTJ, let's just ignore the manifestations of any other functions. Christ.I want to write a dissertation about the maker's very obvious biases here (ISFP not included, there truly is nothing wrong with them) but I'm gonna refrain.Man, sometimes I wonder if it is me who is mistyped or everyone else (or neither since there is a lot of variation in personalities even among the same types but hey, we don't come here for that kind of acknowledgement of the shortcomings of typing do we?) I've always associated trolling with TPs. Used to be NTPs but two of my best friends are ISTP and ESTP and both troll constantly too.

I know it's just a meme but I am extremely confident of my type and I vehemently don't relate to this (see above brackets if you're an INTJ that does and you wanna call me on this now.) To me trolling feels like a waste of time and energy for absolutely zero reward. Obviously I'm not constantly working on my goals and being productive all the time or I wouldn't be writing a lengthy response to a meme but I just prefer to spend my limited free time... I dunno... relaxing? Like, if I am gonna interact with another person I'd rather it be positive and fulfilling rather than wasting my own energy trying to annoy people. If there needs to be conflict it should at least be productive conflict where someone learns something or it solves some larger issue you're having or brings you closer to a goal, right? 

Like, do people who enjoy trolling actually feel it makes them happy? Do you feel rejuvenated and ready to take on your goals afterward? Not even being condescending I'm just genuinely curious because it really just does not click with me as something that makes any sense to spend your time on. But hey, this is three paragraphs in response to a meme that probably took thirty seconds to make so who am I to talk?Glad you can tell more about me from a single post than I can from an entire lifetime. What about Ni do you think makes someone want to fuck with people? Because obviously it wouldn't be Te or Fi since both of those are present in both types. Nothing I've read about Ni implies anything to do with the idea of fucking with people bit maybe I've just missed it.INTJ, Male, 25. Band tees, flannels, and jeans. Leather jackets in appropriate weather. That's basically it. I also have a few suits but they are strictly for formal occasions. Also, not technically clothes but feel worth mentioning: have a tattoo sleeve and about half of my other arm covered in tattoos and intend to keep getting more.

So basically, I don't want to draw attention to myself too much but I still wanna express myself too.Attending parties instead of coming up with an excuse not to be there? What are you, some kind of extrovert?Also true for Js with depression and probably other forms of mental illness. Except even when I do get my to do list done (damn near impossible considering how much stuff I heap on myself to do) I still can't enjoy myself.

I mean. Ha ha, good meme.I don't know how much correlation there is there honestly. I have INTERESTS in common with my parents. And certainly personality aspects that we share but my mom is an ESFP, my bio father is an ESTJ, and my step dad an ISTP. I feel like if types actually lined up that much with parents then a 50/50 split of Intuitives and Sensors would be much more likely.Know of any psychological studies that support that or is that based on anecdotal evidence. Because my assertions are purely anecdotal so I'll happily concede if there are studies pointing to that. 

But I and most of my friends differ from our parents significantly. Both in terms of personality type and general personality.Which incarnation?Ah. I've always typed him as an ENFP personally. Though it has been quite a while since I've watched the show.Based on this scene alone I'd say Westley was the INTJ. Haven't scene the movie in ages though.Looks is not a valid measure of personality. 

Sounds like we both attribute the same things to different types, which is funny given our flairs. I type Westley as the INTJ because he is calm, collected, and quiet during the conversation. He doesn't add anything that doesn't need to be said. And because he has been poisoning himself for years in preparation of his plan. 

Vizzini is erratic and jumps between his conclusions multiple times throughout. When I solve problems I figure out what I think is the correct answer very quickly and then justify it to myself rather than cycling between possibilities where he can't seem to make up his mind which I've always associated with Ne types. I would have guessed what I thought it was, provided a basic justification then stuck by that. Sometimes that's a strength and sometimes it leads to being inflexible when I should be. 

But as you said, it's a movie. Typing can be inconsistent and I am going by this scene alone.Yeah. If you're going to base your typing on villain versus hero then you're not really looking at evidence. Yes, that is the trope but typing all villains as INTJ is lazy, inaccurate, and frankly offensive. 

And the most definitive stereotype of INTJs (true or not) is our tendency for long term planning, exactly like that. So as long as we go by stereotypes I still think that's more indicative of INTJ anyway.Oh absolutely. I was working strictly within the assumption that one was INTJ and one was ENTP but honestly that doesn't have to be the case at all. And again, also judging by this scene alone and not the movie as a whole which definitely affects things.Villains don't exist in real life. And even if they did you can't discern someone's moral standing based on a couple of Reddit posts about personality typing.Which answer do you think the different types would give to it? 

Also, how would you account for the variation of five strangers versus one person who you personally know and care for?Ooooo. That's an interesting variation, never seen that one before. I always found the two I named easy to answer: if I know none of them then I kill the one to save the five, inaction bears the same responsibility as action in that situation to me so I never really saw the pulling of the lever to be a big moral quandary. Or if I knew the one then I'd save them over the five strangers. Selfish but I'm not delusional enough to think I could let my mother die over five strangers. 

But your variation is actually a lot more challenging.That it's shit and was probably made by someone whose greatest accomplishment is having an Intuitive personality type.Damn. I really thought that would throw you off my trail.I used to think my PC was an ISTJ but now that I've used it to make music maybe I was wrong? Must me some sort of IXFP. We all know ISTJ's can't make art.Not an ENFP but I do have clinical depression and have definitely felt the same way. Worried I'll pass it to any kids I have and it feels cruel to bring someone into the world just to suffer that. And even if they don't get depression they have to deal with a depressed father which feels equally cruel. Fortunately, I'm not sure I want kids anyway. 

Sorry, not really an answer but I related.I am an INTJ with Major Depressive Disorder/severe clinical depression or whatever you wanna call it. I hate that I feel I need to justify this but I have been diagnosed by a psychiatrist, I take medication and attend therapt regularly and there is no doubt that I suffer from the genuine mental illness version of depression. Also, I am 99% sure of my type. 

Anyway, I don't think there is a link between real, clinical depression and type. For me it feels like I have two personalities. One which is always looking to the future, planning, always wanting to be productive and work towards something and one which is the exact opposite where I lay in bed all day and can't be bothered to think about the future because it feels utterly pointless. My point being that they don't feel connected in the slightest and given that depression is literally a chemical defect I don't see how it would be connected to type at all. 

Now, the colloquial version of depression probably has more correlation. If we are talking "being depressed" rather than "having depression" then I do think that there is likely a connection. Fi types seem to have a strong correlation to being depressed and INTJs do have Fi even if the edgelords among us want to deny it. Not to mention that intuitive types seem to suffer more from a sort of existential depression which I fall into myself very often.You're not dumb you're just smart "in your own special way."Humans are naturally social animals. Being an introvert doesn't mean you lock yourself in a cave and never see anyone again. 

I mean, really. Any introvert who says they don't like some form of attention is lying. Maybe it doesn't come in the form of crowds or random people but you really gonna tell me that your SO or your best friend or your parents or your mentor or your dog giving you attention doesn't make you happy? I'm about as introverted as it gets but I still maintain some basic social life. 

It's also not as clear cut as extroverts like attention from crowds and introverts only like attention from single people as the amount of introverts working in the entertainment industry is staggering. Hell, I used to be in a band and really enjoyed getting in front of the crowd. I'd just freeze up when people approached me afterward to talk. 

TLDR: yes, we're humans.TLDR: people are complex and it is really hard to type them because we judge mainly on final conclusions and it is hard to get a window into their thought processes (what typing is based on) unless they directly tell us. 

For myself the most difficult thing was separating my actual personality from my mental illnesses. I know pretty well now how to spot thoughts that are truly mine versus the parasitic ones but it was hard at first and still can be tricky sometimes. Stereotypes and peoples' poor understanding of mental illness don't help in this regard. Have definitely had moments in the depths of depression where I wondered if I'm a mistyped INFP before realizing everything about NiTe describes my conscious though process perfectly and while Fi is certainly there I do not relate to Ne in the slightest. Also, ya know, my brain is literally defective, not like I'm just sad. 

For other people it is really tough. First, recognizing cognitive functions is hard because they are thought processes whereas what we see most from people is their conclusions/final results. For example, my best friend and I (ENFP and INTJ respectively) have both decided on similar career paths. If we just told you about our career choices you might assume we were the same type. But I reached my conclusion in a very sudden burst of insight when I was very young and have been planning out my path there ever since, always focused on that singular end goal. He, on the other hand tried out a ton of different options (and still does) and eventually hit upon an option he likes but still might abandon at any second. 

Another example: my ex (ENFJ) and I both keep our environments tidy and organized. She did it because when having guests it made them feel more comfortable, made us look respectable, and minimized conflict. I did because organization is efficiency and I don't want to waste my time wondering where I put something (on that note, living with my close ISTP friend was... difficult even though I love him.) 

So yeah. Really the only way I feel I can get truly accurate typing of other people is to actually sit them down and run through cognitive function questions with them... which I annoyed all of my friends, family, and acquaintances with when I first started getting into this.NTs that think they don't have emotions are just edgy losers who think they're smart but really are too stupid to understand the infinite complexities of the human experience. 

Luckily, most of us grow out of it.I reworked my goal list to break things down into shorter term and more individual steps since it was largely pretty broad strokes and long term plans before. Granted, short term in this case is like a year, but still. Pretty happy with how it turned out though it could probably still do with some improvement. 

Now, for the hard part. Actually taking action instead of just making elaborate plans and never following through.Why would you say something so mean? :(INTJ who writes fiction (sci fi and fantasy, go figure) as well as academically I can say that's pretty accurate. I've had a lot of other fiction writers tell me they write way too much on the first draft and have to go through and cut things. I do the opposite, write a really short draft because I leave out all details that aren't immediately pertinent to the plot and then have to go through and expand in subsequent drafts. I also outline heavily and won't even start writing a novel until I have a chapter by chapter outline, character sketches and a decent amount of world building done. 

I also really struggle with sensory descriptions. Something I am consciously trying to improve but they tend to be sparse and basic across the board. On the flip side I probably over explain character thought processes. Big part of why I got into MBTI was to diversify my characters' internal lives. 

What the article described is definitely on point as far as academic writing style.Maybe to an extent. I'm Te aux obviously but I'll have had issues where I am talking my way through problems in the presence of others and they latch onto something I say and argue with me about it even though I was just working through the problem out loud. And, naturally, being the person I am I then feel the need to dig in and argue back with them even though I hadn't even fully formed my opinion or finished working the problem through because I get irrationally defensive about people trying to prove me wrong. Anyway, I think the issue is less my tendency to work through problems out loud its my tendency to make statements out of questions. Not sure if you can relate to that but I tend to state things as if they are absolute truth even if I'm unsure about them and actively questioning them. Not sure if I'm explaining that very well.Absolute myth that INTJs don't enjoy affection. We're still human. The level to which we enjoy it and seek it out probably varies from person to person but it's definitely not a simple matter of "not liking affection." Though our shared traits with INFJs probably aren't the ones that make them seem like good partners anyway.Te-No. Your way's wrong and mine is right.That's actually something I've noticed as I've made more casual acquaintances. I've never had many friends and have especially struggled with making friends as an adult especially but I've always had a set of three friends that are so close they are basically family. I always assumed that was something everyone had but the more I've talked with some of the newer acquaintances I've made the more I've understood that's not true at all. Whether this has anything at all to do with type I have no idea but still an observation. Though, like you I don't hang out with them especially often. Don't need to though. Everytime we see each other it's like it's only been days apart.You should just do a follow up series with villains if this one keeps doing well... I just wanna be the hero for once.

Seriously though, fantastic artwork, looking forward to the rest.
I'm not. I'm tired of seeing INTJs always being the bad guy.This is an over generalization. I am an INTJ with a sense of style and I hate wearing the same thing on consecutive days.You've got problems, I've got workable solutions.Yeah, most INTJs can come off like dicks.  /u/LadyBanterbury is mostly not a dick.I think it's a poorly developed NT sort of thing in general.Seriously, it gets boring and tiresome always seeing an INTJ villain.Sounds like a house of cards to me.  All it takes is a few people refusing to participate and either the Marxism or the Anarchism goes out the window.[They do exist!](http://ct.fra.bz/il/fz/se/i56/2/1/27/f_b8f0ef58a3.jpg)Libertarian-Minarchist - INTJI'm not arguing INTJs tend to make good villains, it's just that the trope is tired and overused.  Lazy writing at this point, like you said.Yeah, I would think an ISTJ would make a better police detective, while an INTJ would be a better P.I.I don't see any others with this vulnerability.  Marxism is by its nature authoritarian, while anarchy is the opposite.  I don't see how they aren't mutually exclusive.The only reason I said Marxism is because OP specifically said they're "anarchoMarxian" in their own terms.Equality of rights, equality of opportunities, equality of outcomes? To which are you referring to? I'm all for the former, but I think the second is impossible to achieve and the last is a very bad idea.I'd really like to see more INTJ heroes and more NT heroes in general. INTJ villains are very common, but INTJ heroes are almost nonexistent. Heroes mostly tend to be SP and SJ types. It would be cool to see a hero get by on their analytical and planning skills, but that's rarely seen outside of things like Sherlock Holmes and other detective fiction.Law Abiding Citizen with Gerard Butler was somewhat like that, but he goes from being the hero to being the villain halfway through the movie through motive decay.
I'm an INTJ and I'm quite sensitive. My INTP brother is not nearly as sensitive as I am. Although this is a small sample size, I'd imagine INTJ is near the top. Fi is third in our stack, and Fi is more sensitive than Fe, meaning IxTJ's would be the two most sensitive thinking types. I don't know many ISTJ's, though, so I can't really comment on that.An ISTP I know used to be good friends with a girl I'll call Amy. Amy moved away and rarely saw ISTP anymore. Then, Amy and ISTP made plans to hang out and share a hotel room for the night. The ISTP didn't ask Amy about her life or about what she was going through, and instead spent the time messaging guys on Tinder.  We probably work in sync really well. But there's a chance that we come to the same off-base conclusion and struggle to change our minds, or that we're both too headstrong to try the other's idea if it differs. Who knows.For a few reasons.  

1. To be healthier. 
2. To look better. Both for myself and my future wife.  
3. To feel better. I exercise and stretch, which makes my brain more active and very simply makes me feel like I've accomplished something.  
4. It's something that can be done in a short amount of time (planks) and yields fairly substantive results.I thought Professor Frink from The Simpsons was INTJ due to his tendency to be precise, but I am not firm in that stance. What information drew you to conclude he is INTP?Sounds like INFJ to me, maybe INFP.I'm an INTJ. I'm great at bargain hunting and am good with money. I keep track of all my expenses and generally run a tight financial ship.That sounds more like an arrogant, out of touch idiot than it does any singular type.Do you honestly believe that most INTJ's only profess to be INTJ to validate themselves? That's a ridiculous and entirely baseless assumption. Your type doesn't dictate whether or not you're a pretentious jerk. You can have kind people of all types and a-holes of all types as well. There's plenty of value in F's. Yes, they're more empathetic (generally, not always) than T's. They're also generally more sensitive, kind, sweet, caring. that's not to say T's can't be those things - they absolutely can. But, speaking in general, F's are better at all of those things.I get along with most ESFP's really well. They're fun, easy to get along with, go with the flow, and generally have some goofy/ridiculous ideas that I would not normally come up with. My Se comes out when I'm with them and I can let loose a little bit. It's fun.Anytime you're up in the middle of nowhere Canada, give me a call :PI am smrt.Good question. I don't have a definite answer, but I'll give you my experience of Ni. Ni works well at following a pattern to give a certain, specific answer. Sometimes, seemingly at random when I'm not even addressing the issue,a thought will pop into my head that solves a problem I've been struggling with for a while. As far as I understand, Ne is more of a conglomeration of different ideas. Ne will go all over the map thinking about more possibilities, whereas Ni will focus on THE best/most efficient way. This can sometimes lead to tunnel vision where Ni thinks they've chosen the best way at the beginning, and has a hard time giving up on that idea because they've committed to it. Ne users would be better at switching from idea to idea internally before extrapolating too far on any given one. If anything I said is wrong, someone please help me. This is how I understand the two functions, although I could be incorrect. I hope this helps OP.This was recently posted in the MBTI subreddit. Try searching for Ne and Ni first before making a post about it :) That way your answers will already be there and you won't have to wait for any. What do you want our help with? You want to be sure about what? What can we tell you to settle your mind?I don't think this subreddit can really help you with this. You haven't told us anything about him other than he flirts with you. He could literally be any of the 16 types given your description. Normal is all relative anyway. But others have felt the same way you have. I'd encourage you that not all thinking types are rude; tact is a skill and can be learned. I have a strong T preference and yet still know when to show grace, speak softly, and exercise compassion (even if the other person is clearly wrong). the important thing to realize is that both the T and F functions have their strengths and weaknesses. Also, just because you're a Ti dom doesn't mean you don't have feelings; just that they're less prominent.The thought doesn't count for very much. I could think, "Hey, let's make dinner for my girlfriend and rub her back and buy her flowers" and then not do any of it. What good is that? More realistically that phrase is used when someone wants to do a good thing and fails. In that case, yeah the thought is nice, but actually getting something done is nicer. 

The result is not all that matters; I could intend to murder someone and instead accidentally save them. No one would commend my actions and say that the result is all that matters.  

All that to say, both matter. People should have pure motives, and should try to get things done, too. I'm a 24M INTJ. I'd say I'm quite healthy. I consistently take time to right my wrongs, don't have any addictions, say I'm sorry, am polite, am good at socializing, I work as a waiter at a restaurant and frequently get complimented on my ability there, I do well academically, I'm athletic, I exercise, I eat well, I get lots of sleep. These positive habits came after a lot of anger and repressed frustration in my late teens early 20's, but I worked through it through therapy. Also, these things didn't happen overnight. It took a long time to stick to these healthy habits. I'm always trying to improve, but as of right now I think I am doing very well.I am not dark and mysterious. But I am kinda hot and I do like to help people.Depends how you define each. Also, it's unnecessary to put these two at odds. I value both. Justice is necessary sometimes. Mercy is necessary sometimes. The context determines which ought to be used.I'm not afraid of it. When it comes, it comes. In the meantime, I'll live as well as I can. :)INTJ and biblical studies.I don't understand. Is there a joke I'm missing?INTJ: No. Morality is more important than money. If the only thing stopping people from committing crimes is the fear of getting caught, then crime rates would skyrocket and we'd be in a world (ha) of trouble.INTJ. I have read that serving tables is among the worst jobs for INTJ's with all the social protocol and small-talk you have to do, but I love it. It's all about efficiency, plus it helps me develop good people skills. Good for her and good for you for recognizing that. 
I have trouble differentiating Ni and Ti. Jung function tests signify that I have both Ni and Ti as my highest, followed by Te and Ne.Those descriptions are all very vague. I value logic and gut instincts equally, ideally the gut instincts are based on an internal logical foundation as well, even if subconscious. There are people who care about upvotes? Vote me down baby!
I guess I wanted to be thought provoking, if someone feels offended by this, he/she probably deserves it. Oops, even more reasons to downvote me, I guess. I'm such an independent mind, look at me.

PS: Your extraverted Intuition superpower should make you far more provocative and debating than me, why are you conforming?Do you believe that questions like "Do you value structure and organization?" expect you to answer what you think or how you actually are?
E.g. I'm typically a bit messy and unorganized, but deep down I believe in the importance of it. I also tend to feel distracted and stressed in unorganized environments and prefer to be prepared. 
Yet I still actually act often against my nature and tend towards procrastination. 
I like to be prepared and goal oriented, but I usually am not.

What about you? Which dichotomies do you struggle with?[removed]
I'm an INTJ and I feel like anxious-preocuppied and it sucks.I'd say that INTJ would be a chess board or maybe a war table (is that how you say it?). 

About animals, I love tigers, but.. I think I f***ing love rattlesnakes even more.. I want to be a professional MMA fighter. My intuition to do such a thing is my first motivation, which is supported by logic. As for emotions, love and fear. Maybe a bit of fury aswell, if I feel like I'm failing, I'll definitly get furious and come back more motivated.I guess you're kind of right, there's no time for weakness when you have WW2 to win by yourself.As I said I'm no expert on MBTI, but all of those inner conversations he has with himself, feels like he's using his intuition to solve problems or get to know the world better by himself.I also feel like Ti is his primary function, in case that's what you meant. I feel like his intuition is still over his sensing, same with judging over perceiving. All of that drive to kill Deathshead, all of that focus in that objective and planning his way life accordingly to that reminds me of INTJ.I must be a really different INTJ from all the INTJs..

- I don't have an expensive gaming laptop (-)

- I never use my phone during classes (-)

- I never took my computer to school (-)

- I have average grades (-)

+ Procastination I agree with (+)

- Stopped heavy drinking for better sports performance, never 
smoked (-)

- No gaming/''science!'' clothing, I'm pretty simple (-)

+ I do like those kind of movies/series, after all Mr. White over there 
is our favourite INTJ (+)

+ Definitly an ''unpopular''/controversial opinion about many things (+)

- Never did an IQ test (-)

+ Yes, I pretty much remember everyone I'm an INTJ.. Am I? (+)

- I don't wise up on people like that, but if they try to argue with me, oh damn (-)

+ I stopped caring about school because I made the decision that 
my life would be about MMA, still passed easily though (+)

Anyway, this is just my kind of INTJ or maybe I'm not an INTJ at all and the exams just came out wrong, people never really know all the truth about themselves anyway.The question is pretty much in the title, in caso anyone here played Wolfenstein: The New Order, how would you type our captain? I'd say:

I - lots of thoughts to himself, keeps most things inside

N - I rarely see him trying to make sense if things but rather using his instinct to solve problems

T (?) - he's a military man whose decisions are mostly rationalized, he doesn't succumb to emotion that easily

J (?) - he always seems to have a game plan every time, even though he has to adapt sometimes

Sometimes he has really strong emotions too, but I feel like Ni is his primary function together with Te as the second.. Anyway, if I knew for sure I wouldn't be asking, so, any different opinions?

Sorry that I forgot to had paragraphs but this damn phone.. I'll edit as soon as I get to the PC :)
You definitely write like an NP. Long paragraphs trying to take into account absolutely every angle, textbook INTP. NPs also seem to doubt their type far more often. I've found that for INTs, if you can't decide if you're INTJ or INTP, you're INTP.Personally I always critically review my posts and optimize them, removing anything superfluous or ambiguous, shortening the wording, etc. The goal is to get the main point across as cleanly and clearly as possible.

INTPs want to convey the whole mental process of arriving at a possible point, giving all the contextual and background information to make the reader understand it *exactly* like they do. They're not even entirely sure sometimes what point they're trying to make. It's often a disjointed mess of unfinished thought processes, almost asking the reader to help them arrive at a conclusion. Several INTPs I know irl have confirmed this.While I don't give socionics much credit, some of their intertype relations are indeed interesting.

INTJs are benefactors to INFPs and that does seem to be accurate. INFPs often claim to be very attracted to INTJs and ISTJs, the brooding, stoic personality types. The one INFP I know has called me a superman and is clearly attracted to me, but is already in a relationship with an ISTJ. I do like INFPs back but they're so closed in and sensitive it's difficult to really communicate with them. Blunt truths can offend them and I hate having to sugarcoat everything.

The other side of the coin is ISTP for me which doesn't work as well. They're the second most boring personality type after ISFJ. They're cool in that leather jacket, sunglasses, leaning against the wall and smoking kind of way that I think is pretentious and tryhard. I don't really care what they think of me.

Socionics claims the best relationship, Duality, is between opposites, so INTJ and ESFP. I don't see how that can work when I can't stand being in the same room with one.* I would say average. I'm very confident on familiar roads and have no problems controlling the car in hazardous weather (mostly blizzards where I live) but can get slightly overwhelmed in busy city traffic in less known parts.
* I love driving, it's quality time. The privacy, comfort and freedom combined is a pinnacle of modern civilization. The feeling of moving through the world and witnessing its beauty is amazing.
* I often daydream on highways but stay more focused in city traffic.
* Music nearly always playing.
* I wouldn't call it rage but I do get annoyed at others' driving habits fairly often. So many clueless and downright dangerous people driving around.
* INTJ.INTJs do seem to like explaining things more than INTPs do via Te. I certainly do. INTPs talk to test out theories, INTJs are more "this is how it is."I have to make sure I make my tone of voice more mellow around sensitive introverted feeler types. My default manner of speaking is quite assertive and unyielding. Not quite the ENTJ bulldozer level but some control is necessary not to accidentally hurt people. Same goes for the gaze, some people have taken time to open up because they feel judged when I look at them.Caloric intake definitely affects emotions. I've been cutting for the past several months and when I went 600+ kcal into a deficit I definitely started to feel worse. Moody, tired, irritable, unable to focus. I mostly controlled it because I knew it would happen but it was difficult. Currently sporting a sixpack though so it's all good, heh.

When bulking I just feel happy all the time and share the joy with everyone.Types don't change, they mature and become more well-rounded.I get along the worst with ISFJ and ESFJ. No common ground whatsoever, none.Make sure you don't mention your type or set your flair so we don't know which type you are. This goes for many people on this sub.

As for me, NPs. I'm a pretty stereotypical INTJ. I've only met one other INTJ guy and we were eerily similar with the exception of him being a workaholic and me being the opposite.I have an ISFP friend, we have many common interests and even interesting conversations at times. Socionics categorizes this relationship as "activity" and I agree. Great for hanging out and taking part in common activites and hobbies.

However, I know I can never count on him for anything. He always goes by his emotions in a given moment and is impossible to reason with. Any plans he agrees to are forgotten the next morning and he takes offense when I even mention them. He's let many people down because he didn't feel like it at a crucial moment. Any criticism, no matter how slight, is cause for a shitstorm of gigantic proportions. The very definition of walking on eggshells.

So generally a cool guy but it can only ever be a very casual friendship. The moment you expect anything more it implodes.Intertype relations are nice and quite accurate but overall MBTI makes more sense. Socionics describes different types' nose shapes... why?ISFJ is the only type where I feel like I'm talking to a wall. Absolutely nothing in common. Discomfort, annoyance, waste of energy. Good caring people but I simply can't handle them."You're superman" gave me a smug little smile for a while. It's dangerous though, ego should be kept in check.Agreed. World domination is definitely an ENTJ thing. I couldn't care less about that. For INTJ I would replace it with autonomy.If he's boring and you don't click, why are you in a relationship with him?INTJ: optimize everything.INTP can go a week without crying.Clothing. Js usually dress sharper and cleaner. Some of the things my P friends have worn have made me laugh out loud.Well somebody has to think of the children!Feminism crossed over from equality to ever increasing privileges a long time ago. Par for the course for a civilization in decline. See ancient Rome.He's the lesser of two evils.ISTJs are weird. They can stare at a wall for six hours at a party and later happily claim they had fun and can't wait to meet up again. They laugh alone at obscure things at odd times while missing all the good jokes. They disappear for months, then suddenly spring up in a burst of energy, calling everyone to meet up and have fun.Advisor to the chief.ETJ go-getters are the most masculine by far. STPs get points for bravado and stubornness but they often lack self-control and discipline which is essential.

The feminine end is more diverse: ENFP girly hipsters, ISFJ touchy snowflakes, INFP naive dreamers, etc.ISTP, ISTJ, ISFJ. The beige wallpaper of the world.I remember reading INTJs are the most introverted type in the sense of needing the least social interaction while INTPs are the least feeling type.Then change your flair.The problem here is that ISTJs are not nerds or anything like Sheldon.You are uninformed. ISTJ is the soldier stereotype. I know several and they all partake in warfare or competitive sports one way or another. The very opposite of nerdy. The very opposite of Sheldon.Fair point. Come to think of it, some of those people do have obscure interests, just not always the intellectual kind.And yet ENFP and INTJ get along famously well. A common theme in MBTI subs is that people delve deep into cognitive functions and look for implications there but miss what actually works in reality. Similar to someone calling Sheldon Cooper an ISTJ the other day. Missing the forest for the trees.Someone with a backbone in the family needs to start cutting off support so he picks himself up. ENFPs are some of the most YOLO types out there. One I know quit their job, then bought a plane ticket with their last money. They won't grow up unless you force them to.That's just a guy who can't read body language.Nah, that's INTP except for the ENFP part.I've read [this book](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26156469-never-split-the-difference) so I'd easily talk them out of it.Agreed. The internet is full of information, research and type yourself.INTPs. The amount of "Am I INTP or INTJ?" threads is mind-boggling. If you have to ask, you're an INTP, a never *really* sure about anything, endlessly pondering intellectual. The rambling posts full of run-on sentences are always dead giveaways as well. INTJs like it concise.ENFPs are an endless mountain of emoticons to the point where they become meaningless. Kind of describes the whole type really. Too much of a good thing. Best friends with everyone, thereby best friends with no-one.

One of the alleged differences between INTPs and INTJs is that they find each other's texts very difficult to read. I agree. Think scientist vs engineer. 

INTPs need to include every minute detail and take into account all possibilities. Their aim is to present the whole logical framework rather than home in on a conclusion. As a result their texts are rambling and unfocused, a pain to read.

INTJs prune the obviously wrong angles and concisely present the one most likely to work, enough to make it understandable but not delving into too much detail. It's the result that counts. *Does it work?**The* most annoying personality type.INTP. They are the guys who show up at a tech conference in an inside out T-shirt.That's ENTJ right there.Music by far. Audiophile.I'm not much into lyrics, they're the least important part of music for me.So endless possibilities delivered in an enthusiastic ramble is INTJ and a single ultimate choice delivered in a witty oneliner is ENFP. Right.Yup, most Ne posts, including yours, are tl;dr for me. Get to the point. Also, fix your grammar.Capitalization.This thread is not helping your type's reputation as butthurt navel-gazers.Seconded. I have a very strict filter for whom I associate with. People I dislike get ignored, if they insist I will make the extent of my dislike toward them very clear.Fun fact: socionics considers this pairing to be the hallowed "duality" which is considered the best of all. Same functions in opposite order. I don't quite believe it myself as opposites rarely even meet, let alone get along. ESFPs are usually basic party sluts, I've no interest in them whatsoever.I'm sure it's nothing some more alcohol can't fix.You're only asking that because you're an INTP.Ti, especially when paired with Ne, is TL;DR. Endless pondering with zero focus or results. An INTP friend of mine has been looking for a car for more than half a year. Almost went for one, then decided to reimagine the whole concept of what a car means to him and what he really wants.

Just. Get. It. Done.The most extraverted people I know can't keep their mouths shut long enough to identify as anything. Very extraverted people are not exactly the introspective type.

I think that's why many introverts think they're ambiverts - just because you have the energy to socialize once in a while doesn't mean you're extraverted or even close to real extraverts who hardly ever show up on an internet forum. The very fact you're analyzing your behavior means you're likely an introvert.Check [this](https://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/) out. Socionics goes into depth about type interactions. 

Based on that:

* INTJ - no chance. ESFJs embody everything that irks INTJs. I do have one ESFJ friend but even he is annoying most of the time.
* INTP - duality is considered the best relation of all but those autist savants really don't give a shit about anything which likely includes you.
* ENFP - this is an asymmetrical relation which will end up frustrating both sides.Strangely enough, an ESFJ friend of mine has the rowdiest humor. We call him "somebody's dad."ENFPs have no filter, they are extremely open and trusting toward *everyone*. The naivety is irritating as hell.The patronizing SFJ attitude in general drives me nuts. They're the only people who can effortlessly piss me off. STJs do respond to reason when presented right.

It's no wonder Socionics considers INTJs' relations with ESFJs and ISFJs, "conflict" and "superego" respectively, to be the worst of all. There is nothing in common and everything they do is annoying.Elon Musk is an ENTJ.ISFJ - mom.

ESFJ - crazy helicopter matriarch.Everybody seems to like ENFPs and ENFPs in turn want to be liked by everyone.Agreed. They give the appearance of being caring and open-minded because it's "nice" but are actually quite judgemental in a passive-aggressive way. Classic Fe.Japan is a nasty culture to live in, ISFP gaijins would break down and leave in a month or two.The smiley face in the title confirms INFJ.I know few of them but they're the edgy type with very strong emotional convictions, impossible to argue with. I can present them with facts and they'll just go "nope" before going on another long monologue.

I find them unpleasant. The ENFJ-INTJ relation is characterized as supervisor-supervisee in socionics which seems accurate and is one of the worst.INFJs are some of the most serious people I know while INTPs easily fall into silly mode.Based on the ones I know, drugs.Socionics agrees.Tertiary Fi here. I can say that it's individualistic and resolute. People are either in or out and if someone gets thrown out, they don't really exist to me anymore and effectively become a stranger again. Fi doms have a much more refined version of it.

Fe is more of a "we don't do that here" vibe police which annoys the hell out of me.So complete except for Davos Seaworth then.Davos comes across as Fi to me. A stern demeanor but inwardly caring. He could even be INTJ with that dagger stare. ISFJs have this serene and openly caring air around them that he lacks.Is it a question? Is it a sentence? We may never know.For what it's worth, I find law incredibly boring. A sea of mindless, arbitrary details thought up by god knows whom. Perfect for the procedure and protocol oriented ISTJs.I think INTPs are the most abstract of all and most likely to be discussing something completely obscure. They take pride in how impenetrable their knowledge is and are the kings of tl;dr. INTJs are more likely to simplify and share their information so everyone understands.
It's the manic pixie dream girl personality. Cute in little girls, cringeworthy in everyone else. Impulsive and untrustworthy.ESFPs are loud and always on the go, they ooze energy. ISFPs don't say a word unless you talk to them first.Types don't change and there are no hybrid types. Your cognitive functions don't jump around based on your mood.Socionics considers this relationship a [duality](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Duality), arguably the best of all. Don't worry, it'll likely be great. Personally, I find socionics inter-type relations to be quite accurate.

For more info, keep in mind that in romance ISFJ is a [caring](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Caring) type while ENTP is [childlike](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Childlike).The E-I dichotomy could be the easiest to mix up as cognitive functions don't change and only shift around a little. However, it's usually a problem of lacking introspection and living in social bubbles and is glaringly obvious to an informed outsider.

A friend of mine who "wasn't sure he was an extravert" just hosted a birthday party this weekend. He invited 75 people. I'm not sure I've met that many people in my life.

The energy levels alone are so far apart introvert groups who don't get much extravert exposure don't even know what the word really means. Yeah, introverts can perk up once in a while but true extraverts ooze energy in a way introverts never do.&gt; The main thing that skeeves me out about them is that they feel kind of soulless (ironic considering NTs are supposed to be the soulless robots of the mbti world), like talking to them is like talking to a smiling husk where a person should be -- they don't have much charisma, and I can forgive a lot of things if you have charisma. 

Spot on, that's the biggest one for me. I have a few in my social circle and I've been trying to get beyond the pleasantries to find out what they're really like - and there's nothing there. Their lives are literally following a routine, appearing as nice as possible at all times, and passive aggressively injecting some bullshit we-don't-do-that-here Fe agenda into their niceness. Never vulnerable, never open, never passionate, just nice.

The socionics description of the INTJ-ISFJ interaction, superego, is spot on. It's incredibly uncomfortable and exhausting to try to communicate with them. At least with ESFJs it's usually all out war. :PAgreed, ISFPs are some of the most genuine and real people out there. The J/P dichotomy really changes everything.We reserve our warmth and affection for a select few close people. If you get the Te brick wall, you're an outsider. Tertiary Fi is sensitive and takes effort, it's not for just anyone.

&gt;Things arent always black and white there's a perfectly understandable reason why that civilian chose to spend his last dollar on something he shouldn't.

Yeah, that's idiotic and deserves to be ridiculed.Life is fast food for them.Agreed, you can have deep conversations with ISFPs while ISFJs are the kings of banality.Do you think duals and other socionics relationships are a bunch of BS or just this specific ENTP-ISFJ combination? I have to say while I find most socionics relations accurate, I have some doubts about our ESFP duals. I also get along with INTPs way better than socionics would suggest.A good portion is clueless relationship threads full of banal advice that will only make things worse.For genuine and kind people the relationship threads sure are slutty though. "I fucked half the town, how do I stop hating myself?" is a running theme. I lost a lot of respect for ENFPs reading that sub.&gt;ISFJs are sentimental security-seekers, but they only form sentimental attachment to things that make them feel secure, and they form vicious negative aversions to things that make them feel insecure.

I know a few and they seem to be security providers rather than seekers. Even the women gravitate toward childish ENXP men who make their dull lives more interesting but need a lot of doting and care which they provide in their motherly fashion. Also, they're rarely open or vulnerable, there's an air of distant serenity about them. Not exactly yearning for security like some other types.

ISFJs need to be taking care of someone and if it's not a baby or a childish man, it's a pet. I had an ISFJ acquaintance go on and on about wanting a dog so bad only to take back her ENFP ex and immediately forget about it.Interesting information, thanks. I've always had a sense of discomfort when interacting with ISFJs as in "no-one should be that nice for no reason." This may explain it. I think I actually prefer ESFJs' overt martyr tactics to this type of subtle manipulation I can hardly detect.I look at anyone with a tattoo as impulsive and lacking self-control. I haven't been wrong yet.I'll list INTPs as well. Their brand of "I'm out of shape, unemployed and never leave my room but I'm still better than all of you because I don't follow society's expectations" superiority complex is particularly annoying. There's noncomformity and then there's being a loser.All EJs more or less with an honorable mention to ISFJ. Stop sticking your noses into other people's lives and manipulating them. I avoid them or directly tell them off if they don't get the hint.INTPs are the tl;dr type, INTJs usually stay on point. I found this piece very easy to read.NTP males are memelords, everything is a joke to them and they don't give a shit about anything. Well adjusted ones can be great but on the whole I find them to be annoying underachievers.Closest circle: ISFP, INTP, ESFJ.

A bit more distant: ENTJ, ENTP, ISTP.

Boring/annoying: ISFJ, INFJ, INFP, ISTJ, ESTJ.It could be the specific people I know. I have many common interests with the ISFP. The INFP just likes to wallow in misery and ruin everyone's mood.Socionics has researched type interactions much more than MBTI. Take a look at [this](http://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/) and hover your mouse over INFJ. The types in your row are the best matches. You can google any interaction by name for more info.

Duality - in your case ESTP - is supposedly the very best but it's difficult to get going as duals have very different lives and rarely even notice each other. It's also said more mature people do better with more similar types as they don't need as much support and can enjoy common lifestyles and interests together.Very true. I would also add that I need a concrete reason for doing something outside of routine. I see people everywhere running around, being super busy and I can't understand why. There's only a small number of things any one person *has* to do. As long as I'm meeting the standards I've set for myself, my default state is relaxation.My main problem with my socionics matches is that ESPs are trashy Tinder hoes and ISFPs are the self-absorbed Instagram model type. I don't care if the communication is theoretically easy, I have zero respect for them and want nothing to do with them. We have to look outside of functions and see what these people are actually like.

I also get along well with ESFJs and INTPs, contrary to this chart.Furthermore, and socionics agrees with this, meeting a person whose strongest function is your weakest is intimidating. You feel like you can't handle them and they see right through you. Duality allegedly has several mental blocks people have to pass before it starts working. So it's really uncomfortable before it magically gets super relaxed and easy. I don't buy it.Both ISTJs I know work in the military and STPs are definitely the roughneck soldier type.I think ESTJs and to a lesser extent, ENTJs exhibit the most sociopathic behavior. They see other people as a means to an end, often dehumanizing them.The N-S divide is definitely the biggest. In extreme cases it feels like there's nothing I can say to a person, like trying to talk to an alien.Socionics duality right there.ISFJ by far. They're nice to the point where they don't have a personality. "A nice husk where a person should be" like someone put so well.Just look up the "conflict" relation [here](http://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/).

INTJ -&gt; ESFJ. My best friend is an ISFP, most people that consistently piss me off are ESFJs.Telling someone to use their 7th point of least resistance function is sure to piss them off. In INTJs' case it's Fe. Fe dom or aux emotion police types annoy me the most.Agreed. It's uncomfortable and tiring to communicate with ISFJs - they often speak in empty platitudes and it seems like anything I say goes right over their heads - but with some ESFJs it's downright hostile. Their aggressive and controlling people-pleasing pisses me off like nothing else.For men it's easy:

* ENFP - one of the girls.
* ENTP - memelord chucklefuck.I would add ISTJs, they can seem mute at times.You have to walk on eggshells around them, any little thing can trigger them. Once you know the boundaries they can be great people though.Socionics has a complex network of intertype relations, you can check that out. I've been skeptical of it lately though as it pairs intuitives with sensors as ideal matches. In practice the communication gap between the two is often too great. I know very few S-N couples and they tend to be problematic ones while the most common pairing in my social circle is two identical types.Yeah, in theory it all works great. As an INTJ I'm supposed to have this magical connection with ESFPs who activate me while I stabilize and focus them. Similar with other dual pairs. Trouble is, I don't see this dynamic playing out in real life. If opposite types complemented each other and fulfilled each other's needs they would gravitate toward each other naturally, but they don't.

Instead, they hardly ever meet and when they do, they often don't even notice each other. Whatever contact there is is brief and awkward as both sides realize the other's lifestyle and values are completely alien to them. ESFPs party four nights a week with other ES types while INTJs raid in WoW with other IN types. I think this reality is used by socionics to make duality seem like this elusive and hallowed promised land while downplaying relations between more similar types like INTJ-INTP who actually get along very well.The dichotomies are scientifically proven, cognitive functions are not and likely don't exist.Clean and minimalist. I like when all the clutter is hidden away so I can breathe.Yep, all knowing and DGAF.Just about to hit 200, mostly science fiction.I've noticed IXTPs often walk weirdly.That font is way too small.Atheist.You're basically asking if you're T or F. Should be easy enough. Forget cognitive functions, they aren't real and only serve to confuse people.Forget functions, are you J or P? That's much easier to tell and is really what it comes down to.I get along with ESTPs well enough. There's a mutual realization that the other one is very different and weird so we never get too close but sporadic communication is pretty good.Reddit is INTJ and 4chan is INTP, otherwise spot on.All that bubblyness is a front to get along with everyone and hide their issues. They are terrified of conflict and being judged. SFJs like to pretend they live in a wonderful flowery paradise but are actually paranoid worriers and NTPs can be very insecure and aimless as well. Once you get them to open up you realize it's all a facade.

I prefer genuine people who don't have to pretend they or their world is something it's not.Video games are great but they shouldn't come at the expense of the rest of your life. Few people have a divine calling, nearly everyone is winging it and trying to make it work. Figure out what you would be satisfied with in life and try to take small steps toward that. It's all you can do.Universe's way of knowing itself.Some INTPs can be a hilarious combination of general helplessness and childishness but also a superiority complex. They start going on about how amazing and capable they are and I'm like dude, tie your shoelaces first.SFJs \- Fake, shallow, manipulative, martyr complex. I just stay away.

ESTJ \- Just when it seems we could get along they show me they can never take a joke and are anal hardasses in general.

ESTP \- We get it bro, you fuck a lot of hoes. No need to point it out every single time.

ENFJ \- I'm not buying what you're selling, mom.He's a crook and his card houses and air castles are about to come crashing down. He's also ENTJ.Cognitive functions don't exist, this sub's obsession with them is annoying. Do not read about them, it's all conjecture and unlike the dichotomies has no scientific basis.We live in bubbles. Go to a big event with thousands of people and you'll see the average person is very much an S.Text for everyday chit\-chat, calls for more important things. Calling also makes me feel like I've actually communicated with the person, texting is really just words on a screen.If the four letters fit, congratulations, you found your type. This post is a good example of how cognitive functions only confuse people because unlike the four dichotomies, they're completely made up with no scientific basis.None, because cognitive functions are conjecture.Cats. Dogs are way too needy. If animals had personality types dogs would be ESFJ.In my experience while we can have good conversations, INFPs are too touchy and easily offended to be compatible. There's no flirty back and forth, just walking on eggshells around all her problems.And this is why cognitive functions are bullshit.Extraverts aren't great at introspection so they think if they can stay in and read a book every once in a while they're introverts. Many of the most extraverted people I know "aren't sure" about their extraversion.

The example above is a textbook ESFJ.Sean comes across as ISTJ to me. He puts on an act but he's reserved and straightforward.&gt;My friend told me it's not good for women to text or get in contact first since males tend to see that as clingy and desperate, but I'm sure not all men feel that way and would appreciate being texted first and since I want to talk to him I don't see why I shouldn't initiate as well.

You're right. If you're into him and want to see him, let him know. Personally I don't bother with women who don't make an effort as they're clearly not interested enough. Your friend wants men to chase her but that only works with extraverts, an INTJ will simply walk.Sounds like ESTJ. Also, by crush I assume you mean you love her and she doesn't know you exist. Give up on her, if she liked you she would have shown it by now.Good to have a conversation with but too touchy to get close to. One wrong word and their world is destroyed.Yep, they're extremely touchy, sensitive and stubborn all at once. Frustrating to deal with for longer periods of time. They always rant about their dumpster fire of a life but never listen to advice. I prefer to keep my distance.Ignore the function talk, they don't exist. You're right, extraverts need more stimulation as they are less sensitive to dopamine. They're usually busy, loud, active people. Introverts will easily get overwhelmed in environments extraverts thrive in. I am one and I hate big cities.I think other commenters have mixed up "worst" with "most accurate" here.The 16 dichotomies have been scientifically proven in hundreds of studies, some even using brain scans. Cognitive functions have no such basis and are pure conjecture.

This sub's obsession with describing everything through functions, which are at best vague descriptions of states of mind, is unfortunate. They only create confusion and mistyping because according to function theory, INTJs are more similar to ESFPs than INTPs which is ridiculous.OK. Good luck finding your ENTJ soulmate. Same functions!Is she an S or an N? Is she a J or a P?ISFJ, ENTP, ESFP and INTJ respectively.Because you're flaky and untrustworthy. Children in grown up bodies.Yeah, the validation thing is true as well. They're major people pleasers and need to be liked by *everyone*. This thread is like asking why the village clown isn't taken seriously.Functions are bullshit, tests are bullshit.

Are you E or I? N or S? F or T? J or P? Think about what fits and read the respective type descriptions. One of them will click, that's you.  
INTJ - Sennheiser HD800. Some of the very best. Neutral, detailed and precise without overdoing anything. Will harshly expose any flaws in the system but will also reward you if you treat it well. I have a pair.Yeah, I haven't listened to the HD800S myself but I've heard it gives up too much detail and punch for warmth. Good to know HD800 is still top of the line. I have a copper cable which tames the highs a bit and it sounds perfect.I've noticed INFJs care even at the expense of their own well-being, thus the martyr reputation. INTJs never go that far.Agreed, and it greatly affects self-typing as well. Whenever someone creates the classic "Am I an INTJ or INTP?" thread here, out comes the function talk about how the two types are actually nothing alike (lol), followed by confusing, laborious descriptions about how Ni is so very different from Ne and on and on and on.

Meanwhile, the OP actually only has to look at whether he's a J or a P which is a much more simple and obvious choice to make.

Function based theories like socionics can also end up with far fetched concepts like duality where the type so opposite in every way that you're unlikely to even meet one is somehow your soulmate.Stop looking at functions, start looking at dichotomies. It's much easier that way.Nope, N vs S is the easiest dichotomy to tell in someone and functions are overcomplicated bullshit.I've had lunch with a big group of sensors at work a few times. The gap is huge, I feel like there's nothing I could say that would connect. Even being in a group all the time is an ES thing that's completely alien to me. N and S people are like two sides of humanity living completely separate lives.I can't really put my finger on them. Personable, smooth, intelligent, well groomed, love pink shirts, kinda like [this guy](https://youtu.be/AHRIt3La4T4). I'd guess ES but whatever last two letters I think of, some other type of person comes to mind.Yep, left is way sharper while right looks perplexed and derpy.The biggest difference is that extraverts want to be one with the world and experience it all directly while introverts seek to distance themselves from it and analyze it from the safe recesses of their minds.Looks good to me.

All ENFPs are little girls inside regardless of actual gender and several straight male ENTPs I know look and act borderline gay. ESFJ is the classic helicopter mom while ISFJ is the good girl in a flower dress.

The masculine list is topped by stoic and independent types as it should be.The minimum age for reddit is 13.ENFJ is the classic psycho suicide cult leader type.Se users usually go for the slut/fuckboy look while Si users are more conservative and tasteful. I certainly prefer the Si look.They take offense to every little thing like you did just now.SPs by a long shot. They live for their image.MBTI captures the complexities of different humans extremely well. I thought this sub was beyond "I can't be labeled" nonsense.The same as the difference between J and P.Big 5 grew out of MBTI, the types strongly correlate, and both are scientifically valid. Neither is better than the other.Another naive, idealistic "I can't be labeled and everyone is special" post. You must be an NFP.Look up posts by u/reddshoes. The dichotomies of MBTI are scientific and their existence is proven by hundreds of studies including brain scans. Cognitive functions, however, are pure conjecture.

Big 5 is just MBTI with Neuroticism attached. The most popular MBTI test at [16personalities.com](https://16personalities.com) is actually based on big 5 and no-one can tell the difference.I guess you're one of those people who needs a peer-reviewed study to believe in anything. Feel free to get the fuck out of this sub.Just realize you came into Jesus camp to preach how Allah is so much better. It's all bullshit in the end because psychology is not a science and you're just stirring trouble. Psychology is to science what dentists are to medicine.

MBTI and big 5 are two slightly different methods of dividing people into easily identifiable dichotomies and then describing the resulting combinations. They are *exactly* the same thing in essence. I don't give a shit what a bunch of autist nerds in lab coats think, and if you weren't one of them you wouldn't either.The fact that one is respected and the other is ridiculed when they're exactly the same says more about the psychology community than MBTI. Like I said, the dentists of science.

And let's not pretend science is some paragon of truth and objectivity either. It's also a combination of mob rule and control through funding.Implications.&gt;INTJs are colder. INTPs are secretly warm.

I'd say that is the opposite. INTJs appear cold but have a warm inner core, vice versa for INTPs. Despite appearing happy and even bubbly sometimes, it can be shocking how little INTPs care about anything. They are the ultimate nihilists. INTJs are the coldest humans, INTPs are the warmest robots.Stop stringing along guys you don't really like for attention and validation. That's what's really going on here.OP is trying to score brownie points by being a nice guy white knight.What? ENFP men are little girls in male bodies.ISTPs usually don't give a shit about their health.Traffic is dangerous so you smoke cigarettes instead.Feelers can think as logically as any thinker but they still base their decisions on feelings... which is why their lives are usually either train wrecks or dumpster fires.ESTJ, ESFJ and ENFJ. Their social power games don't work on me and they hate it. I have a visceral dislike for ENFJ, the fakest and most manipulative type ever. ENTJs are fine as we're closer to the same wavelength.Yeah, that's the "conflict" relation in Socionics, the worst of all. INTJ-ESFJ is indeed usually terrible. The differences are wide-ranging and profound and both sides quickly escalate disagreements.Yup. I quit a job within a month of a getting a new ENFJ boss. He was probably the least reasonable grown man I've ever seen.Anyone can talk about their experiences whichever way they like. Nice try PC policing though.They're the harmless loyal hubby type women like in their late twenties after all the wild fun with bad boys has run its course.These line up with traits men with the highest natural testosterone levels have been observed to exhibit in studies. All the loud and social "alpha" types are tryhards compared to the manliest men. The peak of dominance is mastery of the self and complete independence.Sounds like ESFJ to me. Upstanding citizens but I don't appreciate the constant neediness and manipulation.They have an ability to throw raw effort at a problem. I always pace myself, try to work smart not hard, etc, while my ENTP friend recently pulled a 56-hour crunch trying to hit a deadline.Like the saying goes, INTJs are the coldest humans and INTPs are the warmest robots. Cameras for eyes would only make sense.Nope, at least INTJ is definitely the door slam type. You cross the line, you don't exist.

Fe types are the people who *have* to get along with everyone and would more likely want to stay friends in my opinion.Like a firecracker. An intense burn followed by never talking to each other again. Happened to two of my friends.Don't try to compare yourself to the relentless outpouring of warmth from EFJ types. It's what they do. Just know that there are many people out there who find it fake, needy and tacky and appreciate your more subdued but sincere kind of warmth much more.I'm an INTJ:

* INTP
* ISFP
* ENTJ
* ENFP
* ESFJ

&amp;#x200B;Optimizing everything, having my shit together with minimal effort.ISFPs run wild with the animals.At that point any docile and clueless high earner will do.Dark casters and summoners usually. Definitely an edgelord.Semi-autistic ENTJ.He's clearly socially awkward and can barely get a full sentence out without stammering. He's also a sociopath, doesn't understand or care about people at all.Because we've got it all figured out.ENFPs by far.How insensitive of you, lol.Considering ENFP is the type who accepts absolutely everyone into their life with no distinction, Ne may well be the deciding factor. Personally, I have a strict filter as I don't have enough social energy to deal with people I don't like.It's a sensor thing. Their storytelling involves a lot of "and then". That combined with a massive amount of unnecessary detail makes for an exhausting experience.

An ISFJ I know went on for half an hour about how she went to gave blood that day, down to how she laid her arm on the table and what exactly the nurse said word for word, often going back and correcting herself so we get each and every detail right. I almost fell asleep at the wheel and killed us all.Classic INTJ dagger stare here, even on kindergarten photos. [This](http://cognitivetype.com/16-types/) is an interesting page about Socionics types and facial expressions.EJs, especially ETJs. Man those people can waste a lot of money on frivolous things.Resist.

When in public, loudly call them out and make them look bad for picking on weaker students: "What, you can't pick on someone your own size you scared little faggot? Good to see your girlfriends backing you up, pussy." Ridicule them publicly, make fun of their broken homes, parents who beat them, drug addiction, low intellect, poor grades, etc. Abuse them. Spit in their food, shoes and backpacks, steal and break their things, fuck with their lives.

When they get physical, attack the leader's face as brutally as you can every time. Show them even if you go down you won't go down easily. You'll have done some damage and they will have to walk around with it. Always fight, never give them what they want. Remember that bullies are cowards who hate themselves and capitalize on it. Make them look like the abandoned scared little boys they are, it's their worst fear.NPs, excluding INFPs, are the types who lack morals and convictions - or at least hide them very well - and just want to troll for shits and giggles. They're the 4chan of the world. I'm friends with a lot of NPs but I don't know much about their actual world views at all, life is a big joke to them.As you can see I excluded INFPs for that reason. While ENFPs also use Fi, on the whole they're confused, short-sighted, promiscuous people who don't really qualify as moral to me.I'm sorry you can't take generalizations on a sub dedicated to generalizations.Fair points but you just couldn't stay away from personal attacks, could you? Save the "you can't *judge* people" gospel. Stereotypes exist.

Also, take another look at my post. I left room for the possibility that their morals and principles may simply be hidden from view, not inexistent entirely. All I know is, I can never talk about serious topics for long with my several ENTP friends and find out what their position is - they dodge the subject and go back to showing me funny things they did or found on the web. INTPs are just a more apathetic version of the same thing. There's a sharp contrast with my ENTJ friend who's very clear about where he stands with regard to just about everything.Exactly my point. NTPs don't have a position because they lack - or hide or choose to disregard - principles and moral convictions. They'd rather stay ambiguous than take a stand. It's an excellent position to troll from because picking a side opens them up to criticism and they can no longer play both sides against each other.

When arguing they'll often pick a side just for the fun of it and see if they can get you riled up, they don't actually believe what they're arguing for. It's scary in a way. The saying that INTPs are the warmest robots certainly has some basis.I think ENFPs don't troll people on purpose but they're so god damn flaky and air-headed that it comes off as such eventually. When somebody flakes on you for the fifth time and claims he didn't do it on purpose, what's the difference anymore?I can certainly agree on that. Convincing perceivers in general is a fool's errand as they'll never be quuuite sure about the decision they're about to make and would rather keep collecting information. Add the habit of nitpicking into the mix and my INTP friend took three years to decide which car to buy, then weeks to painstakingly go over the lease agreement and negotiate adding points to it he (and likely no-one else in the country) thought were missing. Je-sus.Haha, and here it is: the trusty "Who hurt you?".

I always find it funny that some people can't take a word of criticism not even directed at them personally but only at their type. Grow a spine.The main problem ENFPs have is that they love and want to be loved by *everyone*. They make no distinction among the people they interact with, everyone is welcome in their life, including obvious liars, users and abusers. They are completely naive and completely blind to their naivety. They get used over and over again but never learn a thing.

As for promiscuity, they're certainly searching for their soulmate... and have no problem fucking half the town during that search, then crying about no-one loving them. Just check out r/enfp, a good number of threads are about exactly that and I know several examples, both male and female, from real life.Good, I guess you're a more mature version than the ones I know. One ENFP dude I know has said it out loud that he'll agree to anything because he doesn't want to disappoint people - then does exactly that by never showing up. The excessive people-pleasing part is certainly a challenge.Don't worry, I have as much good to say about each type as I do bad but this thread isn't about the good.Nobody can generate bullshit like ENFJs.Fair point but in my opinion ENFJs make it worse by wanting you to go along with it.I also put the laces in the shoes so they don't get wet and dirty.Going by the ESFPs I know, that's pretty accurate. I'd be the fuckboy equivalent.Or are extraverts just better at hiding theirs?We hate the constant victim mentality, such as thinking everyone hates you.They're the meek, low T hubby types.I know a double ESFJ couple and it's like a whirlwind of hyperactive normieness. I visit them occasionally to give their kids a break, they love it.I'm shaking.I get along with ESFPs surprisingly well but I usually disapprove of their lifestyle, lack of impulse control and refusal to take advice while complaining about their endless problems. Overall, good in small doses and at a distance.Unasked favors that they expect to be paid back with interest also drive me nuts.It's amazing how annoying all those non-standard apostrophes are.This is such an INFJ post.The way they plaster their sexuality over everything.I'm only half-joking. Writing some wall of text sob story about how you can't *judge* people and don't really know who they are *deep down inside* is something only an INFJ would do. The OP disproved his own point.ENFJs. Self-important manipulative snakes.Except we don't fake confidence, we are confident.Nope. INTJs know exactly who they are and what they want, and don't build facades around themselves like many other, mostly ES, types do. Of all types, we're one of the least likely to care about what others think. There are a lot of fake people in the world but INTJs aren't it.It's not arrogance if it's the truth. I get that many mushy types can't accept that not everyone is a helpless softie inside like they are but some people really do have their shit together for real.Why don't you start, dipshit.And of course it's a multicultural LGBTQ  group. Where else can the teary-eyed martyr type fight against "oppression".Too bad the crazy also runs deep.ESFX and ENTP, very much so. INTP, probably the least of all.Cult leader vibe - ENFJ. 

Labrador vibe - ESFJ.That only goes for INTPs. Other NTs at least manage to look like functional members of society.Sure, there are people like that but we're talking generalizations here. Most of the ENTPs I know are clean cut tech professionals and CEOs. They may be quirky but they're very aware that image matters. 

It's the INTPs who show up to a tech conference with unwashed hair, in torn T-shirts or worn out biker leather, which I've also personally seen, and they're completely oblivious to the fact that looking like a homeless person may not be in their best interest. The ones who do try come off as awkward at best. They really don't do Se at all.Get back to me when you have an argument.The nitpicking and the passivity. It took my INTP friend three years to figure out which car to buy, then he spent weeks arguing over details in the lease agreement.

That and their ability to produce limitless amounts of unreadable word salad.I've seen one happen among friends, it was like a firecracker. A month of "OMG I found my soulmate" followed by never talking to each other again. I saw it coming from a mile away.Sleazy manipulators.What's your opinion on duality where all letters are reversed, i.e. INTJ-ESFP? Socionics really tries to push it as some sort of "soulmate hidden in plain sight" relation.Try to speak at least once a day.ISFP.ENTJs are go-getters, INTJs are thinkers.

My ENTJ friend wants the big house, the luxury car, the exotic vacations, the fine food, etc, and is willing to work hard for it. Maximum effort for maximum gain. Living the high life.

I value efficiency above all which ultimately comes down to conserving my time and energy. Optimal effort for optimal gain. I work just hard enough to live a comfortable life and invest a good portion of my income. While I admire the ENTJ's drive, I value freedom, independence and knowledge over luxuries and thrills.Show them you value and appreciate their knowledge and resourcefulness.J is the creature of habit and P is the creature of impulse. Was that so hard?r/enfp is basically "I fucked half the town last week, why will nobody love me?"If you look closely it's the T and F.While I appreciate some of their qualities, I find communication with ISFJs to be extremely draining. Someone put it well that ISFJs have a smiling husk where a person should be.

ENFJs are probably the most annoying type overall. Sleazy and manipulative overly friendly people pleasers are not my thing. I think they know their charms won't work on me and instantly hate me for it as well.The ones who have learned to relax can be pleasant people. The ones who haven't are insufferable.That's textbook ENTJ. Stop getting caught up in function BS. Unlike dichotomies, there's no proof of them existing at all.You don't sound intelligent enough to be ENFP to be honest. "i," "coz" and "tryna" are more of an ESFP thing. They're the ones who type like it's their first time on the internet.Agreed, but all ENFPs I know sound coherent over text.Don't take it to heart too much, I'm not saying you're some moron. ENFPs have a different writing style is all. One of my ENFP friends used to write a blog and it was this mad wall of text full of crazy ideas and speculations, but it always had correct grammar. You're far more concise and don't give as much importance to grammar.You're projecting your own need for validation onto that guy, he likely doesn't give a crap. Stop trying to be liked by everyone, it's the biggest mistake ENFPs make. If it looks like you don't mesh, keep your distance.You have a personality.Look at the question, then look at my answer, mr cardboard cutout.Who are you and where did you get your powers?There's all that dancing and poor life decisions to make.SPs often think they're the shit while their life is a dumpster fire.If anything, FPs are the Marxists.It's the most jarring difference of all letters, immediately obvious for everyone I meet. No idea how you could be confused about it. Practical no-nonsense here-and-now people vs theoretical dreamers, the biggest divide among humanity.BTW, people, THIS is a sensor.It's in its charging dock.For clarification, being "the shit" in the sensor world entails:

1. Driving a car you can't really afford.

2. Wearing sunglasses everywhere.Healthy/unhealthy is not an MBTI dichotomy so let's stop using it.

Here are some of my annoyances with the types:

* NTPs - Arguing for the sake of arguing, being shitlord trolls in general. No principles, everything is a joke.
* EFJs - Fake, smothering, controlling helicopter moms to everyone.
* STPs - Thinking they're cool as shit while their life is falling apart.
* NFPs - Utterly naive SJW snowflakes who can't take a word of criticism.Yes, and you're under arrest for idiocy.

There are no healthy/unhealthy types, there are only different methods types use to cope with stress. You can't just label someone "unhealthy" to wipe their negative traits under the rug.Because they flirt with everyone.The ambiverted ENFP thing is a myth in my opinion. They're some of the most socially active people of all.

It may be true for ISFJs though, they're definitely the most social introverts. I've had a conversation with an ISFJ who "only went home to sleep" which was mind-boggling to me as a fellow introvert.Ah, the hallowed Duality. Socionics considers this the ultimate soulmate match, though it's often difficult to get going at first because duals rarely meet or notice each other. In theory, these are the people who like you for exactly who you are and you can fully relax around them.

I do find ESFPs attractive and fun and it's an effortless connection, unlike ISFJs for example where I just can't get on their wavelength. However, I also realize their lives are usually a trainwreck, they tend to be headstrong, ultra social, flaky, promiscuous and impulsive, and putting up with all that for long would wear me out. EFs in general are just a little too much. That seems to be the reality of duality according to people's reports here: a strong initial connection that slowly erodes away due to the friction of polar opposite lifestyles and attitudes.

I currently subscribe to a [theory](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/bn58b8/relationship_compatibility_theory_stuff/en2lsnz?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x) put forth by another member that the best matches are opposites but with the first or third letter in common, so INTJ -&gt; ISFP or ESTP. Essentially duals that don't make you tear your hair out because you do have something in common. My best friend is an ISFP so I can definitely see it.Imitation is the highest form of flattery.It's actually a Big 5 site pretending to be MBTI, that's why it adds the extra letter for Neuroticism.Yep, there have been hundreds of studies on MBTI types, they have been categorized by every possible metric, and not one shows the types grouping up by functions. ESFPs are always at the opposite end of INTJs, right next to ESFJs.&gt;An ESFP by functions - is not an ESFP by dichotomies - they are not the same.

What the fuck do you mean? Even function-obsessed Socionics matches functions to dichotomies one to one.

Dichotomies have been confirmed with brain scans and show up in every statistical study of the types. The creators of your beloved Big Five have credited MBTI for its scientific validity. Functions mostly exist as different moods in the heads of redditors.So you're just rambling, arguing hypothetical future scenarios and comparing MBTI to Big Five which is also just a collection of dichotomies. Gotcha.Maybe you could read my palm while you're at it. If anything, your wordy aimless ramblings are the quintessential INTP monologues. They never can quite get to the point.Seriously, do I come across as a mild-mannered, long-winded INTP to you? Stay out of typology, you're clearly inept at it.Yep. While I admire some ISFJ traits, communication with them is some of the worst. There's a sense of discomfort and misunderstanding that only gets worse the harder we try to get past it. We just can't get on the same wavelength. This is one of the relations Socionics gets right in my opinion.Agreed. They somehow suck the fun out of the room with their apathy.A basic bitch attention whore and an uncaring bad boy, a match made in heaven.Most EST people I know are on full blast regardless of context, it's embarrassing because they rarely have anything substantial to say. Yeah, bro, the whole building is really grateful to get to know how wasted you got last weekend.

Nobody can stay silent like IST types, they too can take it to comical levels sometimes. It's OK to talk a full sentence every few days you know.Yours.It was good until it started preaching global warming. INs see through the bullshit in life, including the global warming hoax. It's been going on for 90 years now and not only have *all* the predictions failed, nothing out of the ordinary has happened in weather or climate.

Oh, and the solution proposed by government funded scientists is always more taxation, power and control for the government. Didn't see that one coming.Yep, publicly humiliate the bully ESTP type every chance you get, it'll break them. They live for their image.Don't worry, you're not a bully... are you?ESTP or ISFP. Different but not too different.ISTP - leather jacket and sunglasses

INTP - inside out T-shirtI get along with ESFJs surprisingly well as long as they don't push social obligations on me.

For me ESFJs beat several similar types:

* Unlike ESFPs I respect them as people, they're usually upstanding citizens.
* I find them less annoying and smothering than ENFJs with their transparent cult leader vibe.
* Communication with ISFJs is far worse, some of the most uncomfortable, awkward and frustrating of all.INFPs are nice but so sensitive I must walk on eggshells around them and can't really express my opinions. I've always had to keep my distance for that reason.Don't tell him what to do.Nope, feeling chill and content most of the time.Be kind, it's all they have.ENTJ - ambitious powerhouse CEO.

ENFJ - clingy cringey manipulator.Yep, that must be it. No-one could possibly dislike your type.What's the longest line of cocaine you've ever done?The saying "a friend to all is friend to none" applies here.I did. The saying means quality is more important than quantity when it comes to friends.Not a chance. :P"But I only have 900 friends and stayed in once."An INFP with hurt feelings? Say it ain't so!Be kind now, someone has to do the dirty jobs.I'll give you that. NPs are certainly neck and neck in uselessness.How so?Socionics is nice in its super detailed approach but it has two problems:

* Cognitive functions don't exist so most of the theory is BS.
* Its elaborate predictions hardly ever play out in real life. SPs and NJs don't have this secret magical connection, we bore and frustrate each other to tears.I'll just assume you're a butthurt INFP too.What would I be butthurt about? Man, what a confusing argument. Stop trying so hard to hurt me, it's not working.Thanks for the therapy session, lol.Still won't make the poor INFP you're white knighting for hurt any less, loser.Oh wow, look at this guy's post history. "I enjoy hurting you" and "I broke you" seems to be his go-to line. Hahaha, what a shitstain.Keep digging, Malfoy, you'll learn a lot. I stand by my every word.That's because unlike dichotomies, cognitive functions have zero scientific validity and essentially don't exist."Do I make the most money out of all my friends?"You can't be both.You can't be both.You can't be both.Agnostic and atheist. It's one or the other. I don't know why people are repeatedly claiming to be both in this thread, first time I've seen it.That just means you're agnostic. Atheists believe no god exists, there's no uncertainty there.Stop arguing semantics. Atheists say there is no god, agnostics say we don't know if there is a god. You can't be both, you're agnostic.INFP is the quintessential feminist vegan social justice fanatic type.Again, stop arguing semantics. Atheists do not leave room for the possibility of any god to exist. They claim with certainty that there are no deities. Go tell Richard Dawkins there still *might* be a god and he'll make it clear to you.

Taken from the same hobbyist encyclopedia:

&gt;In an even narrower sense, atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities.Doesn't change the fact that saying "I don't believe in a god but there might be a god" simply makes you an agnostic.Great argument right there.Anyone growing up among trash like that is unlikely to be a paragon of virtue themselves.I'll leave taking over worlds to ENTJs but I'll still go along for some goddamn peace and quiet.Not shitting where you eat aside, you went full sperg on her. She wanted to fuck but you were dense enough to overtly ask her to fuck, then whine about why you weren't fucking yet. All you had to do was physically escalate and not blurt it out like a dolt.Strange and boring.Until an ESTP walks in.It's generally fulfilling if there are common interests but the ISFP's volatility periodically causes problems and distancing. It can be great for a year and then some minor thing makes them completely flip.Like INFPs, they're obsessed with their feelings and take everything extremely personally. Those are the two types you really have to walk on eggshells around. Any hint of criticism will cause a meltdown.When people aren't fake nice.The closer to INFP you are the more likely you're mentally ill. Easy.Ah, INFP, the quintessential "male friend" type.It's just the standard "friend to all is friend to none" syndrome all EFs share.If you can't decide you're a P.Nice completely unorganized graph you've got there. Looks like if anything, extraverts are beating introverts thanks to their boundless energy and drive and need to make connections.ESTJs live in constant "git'er done" mode, ENTJs are a little more big picture and future oriented. Both are very successful in business thanks to their boundless energy and relentless effort.Very accurate.&gt;The I/E, in MBTI, has nothing to do with being a social introvert or extrovert.

That's nonsense and [cognitive functions don't exist](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x).They really shouldn't be calling themselves Chad, the poor things.* INTP
* Power

Pick one.NPs have a great ability to "throw themselves" at a project and get a lot of work done at the last minute. In contrast, I always pace myself and take breaks and relax, I hate busting my ass for anyone. I think each type should stick with what comes naturally to them.All the hype around cognitive functions makes this so much worse. Especially considering [they don't exist](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x).Because in the end they just don't care.All the ENFPs I know are super clingy and their relationships usually fall apart because their partners won't cuddle 24/7.Well it is true that EFPs like to cuddle with *everyone* which also isn't great for their relationships.It's because NTPs are only half human.Yep. Men are made in hardship and discipline. All the EFP guys I know are like little girls in male bodies, mostly socializing and complaining while having zero control over themselves. Then they wonder why they're not manly.Sensors certainly have a better work ethic and can-do attitude. They're also more motivated by consumerist lifestyles and luxury. I usually optimize my work as much as possible so I get paid for minimum effort.

Climbing the corporate ladder is easier as a sensor because it largely consists of ES types and socializing.

&gt;Sensors report significantly higher levels of happiness than Intuitives

Sun is always shining in the normie bubble. The downside is they prefer comfortable lies to harsh realities and are less prepared for life's misfortunes.Show'em! You're all we've got.Walter White from Breaking Bad.Yep. Moods aren't types, depression isn't a type, drugs aren't types and getting older isn't a type.I'll give you that. :PBecause they have that vibe. It's all about "we the people" with them. I usually keep my distance because I won't be manipulated.Absolutely. I got an ENFJ boss and handed in my resignation two weeks later. It was his way or the highway, always dressed up as "we need to do this together". Probably the most annoying person I've ever met.Sushi *is* too expensive for anything more than an occasional treat and as always, ENFPs' neediness knows no bounds.Ask yourself how she needs to act so you like her. Don't put other people above you for no reason.ESFJs value social harmony and like to control people to achieve it, INTJs don't care about harmony and hate being controlled.Germany should be ISTJ.I'm not in middle school so I don't have crushes.I mean you're not wrong...You started the gold digging a little early.Take it back!Stop watching mainstream media fearmongering. The world is doing [just fine](https://www.spectator.co.uk/2019/12/weve-just-had-the-best-decade-in-human-history-seriously/).Read the article. Or keep lapping up CNN and living in depression.Reality.This is based on [Socionics type relations](https://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/). While they look good on paper, they don't really play out in real life. Opposites attract but they don't stick together.They're easy.Types don't change.I don't know if we're the worst but I can confirm that for every person I know, I have a card in my pocket that when I say it I know it will destroy them. Most people wear their insecurities on their sleeves.Nailed the warlock, my main since 2006.No way Sawyer is a T.Isolation is the solution to everything.Fortunately it's too small to be readable.INTJs are decisive so there's your answer.Can't argue with that.Yours is Te though.R u tho.They're decent people but a little too touchy and sensitive to get close to. I don't like walking on eggshells.Like someone aptly put, a nice husk where a person should be.We have nothing on ESTPs.Keeping up the good fight.[What look?](https://ibb.co/ykG2btj)You have a [conflict](http://www.socionics.com/rel/cnf.htm) relation with her according to Socionics. Just try to keep to yourself and don't push her buttons, these relations are only tolerable from a distance. My mother is also my conflictor and no-one can piss me off like she can with the smallest things. Moving out helped a lot.Classic ESTP douchebro.The ESFPs I know usually don't try to put others down and get along well with everyone whereas being a douche is modus operandi for all but the most well-adjusted ESTPs.Burn it all.Not even close. Duality has the highest potential which in your case is ISFJ.INTP - nerd king.

INTJ - edgy nerd.

ENTP - turbonerd.

ISTJ - OCD nerd.

ISTP - mall ninja.INTJs are generally lazy while ESTJs are overachievers. Not that surprising.[I think you know.](https://ibb.co/9Yd1PK2)An extr**a**ordinary post, it's been irking me for years.Stereotypes exist and are usually true. Trying to play the unique snowflake card on a sub about stereotypes is weaksauce.You're an ENTP, you can figure it out.Dichotomies *are* MBTI. Unlike dichotomies, cognitive functions have no scientific backing.According to Socionics that relation is [Activity](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/86-Activity-Relations) which is one of the best.I quit a job because of crap like that once.As an INTP, ESFJ is your [dual](http://www.socionics.com/rel/dlt.htm) and ISFJ is your [activator](http://www.socionics.com/rel/act.htm) which are considered the best and second best relations respectively. Look to Socionics for intertype relations, MBTI doesn't have a clue.No problem. [Here](https://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/)'s a nice guide to get you started.The point is, friends are supposed to be special and prioritized. If everyone's a friend, no one is.&gt; ISTJ's and ENFP's arent generally meant to get on AT all 

ISTJs and ENFPs are [duals](http://www.socionics.com/rel/dlt.htm), the closest and most supportive intertype relation of all.ENFP-ISTP is actually one of the worst, conflict. Take a look [here](https://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/) for a quick overview of Socionics relations. Keep in mind these only apply at a close psychological distance.I love it.How old are you? Young ENFPs are super clingy and annoying, the pairing is overrated in my opinion. Try to talk to him about the problem and see if it improves. Don't think you're not enough for him, he as a man should learn to control his neediness and have something going on in his life other than you.If they're so great, why are they all exes?

According to Socionics we're subconsciously looking for our dual which in your case is ISFJ.They went to get their pocket protectors.ISTPs obviously won.

Now who voted INTP? Awkward robochildren aren't cool.Agreed. INTJs are second only to ISFPs in cool, mysterious edginess.ENFP and INFJ are [contrary](https://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/). Mirror would be ENFP and INFP.In my experience they're accurate. It's good to keep in mind though that they only describe what happens at a close psychological distance. Any type can get along well with any other at a casual level.&gt; INFP to stop caring for others and trying to fix everyone’s problems 

You're confusing them for INFJs. INFPs are very much concerned with their own problems.ENFJ by far. I'm usually inspired by ENTJs and repulsed by ENFJs. That sleazy manipulative Fe overdose has made me leave jobs before.Tough one. ESFJs can annoy me like no-one else but unhealthy ESTJs are true monsters. I think I'll go with ESTJ.INFP's natural partner is its dual ESTJ.Socionics describes this as a benefactor-beneficiary relationship.

&gt;A relationship characterized by the ESFJ looking up to and trying to prove themselves to the ESTP, who does not find the ESFJ a very interesting person.

Sounds about right.Your flair says you're INTP so what's the issue here?That photo is ENFP and INTJ.

INTJ-ESFP is [duality](http://www.socionics.com/rel/dlt.htm), the closest relation with the most potential. It's difficult to get going though and the very different lifestyles and attitudes may create strife down the road.Nice people, [awful](http://www.socionics.com/rel/ego.htm) communication. Not worth the trouble.Overall, duality is considered the best match so if you found it, treasure it. Duals offer each other exactly what they subconsciously need. It only "clicks" later in life though when the extravert has calmed down and introvert has sped up and it's so powerful it often results in extramarital affairs.

Initial communication can be very difficult as both sides make the other feel insecure but still they can't stay away. Especially in the case of INTJ and ESFP both are stubborn and prideful people so the mind games can be quite hurtful and last for months or years.

For more detailed descriptions read up on ILI-SEE duality on Socionics forums.It's called baby rabies.You're only posting this because it makes you feel good.You must be ENFP then.Jordan is an ISFJ to my mind. All this "man up and be a perfect little cog in the machine and derive all your self-worth from it" talk is antithetical to INTJs.You're correct in that cognitive functions have no scientific backing, but dichotomies do. There have been hundreds of studies, many involving brain scans. It's real.The CEO and the trophy wife.They won't need medical care, the virus has a 0.2% death rate, 0.01% for under 50 year olds. 80% are asymptomatic - it's so deadly there's a good chance you won't even know if you have it. Shutting down society to "fight" a virus less dangerous than the flu is either the stupidest or most evil deed of the century.You're talking about the case fatality rate which is irrelevant. The infection fatality rate is 0.1-0.2% and it mostly only kills sick 85 year olds.

Shutdowns and masks don't work. Peru has been in a severe lockdown for months and Belgium has been very strict about wearing masks, both are doing much worse than Sweden who did neither. Turns out you can't stop a virus, the only protection is herd immunity and lockdowns only delay the inevitable at a severe cost.Abs on a thin guy are like big tits on a fat girl.What are you on about? Dichotomies have decades of scientific research behind them and are proven to exist while functions are mostly conjecture.[This guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3) covers it pretty well. The theory is built on dichotomies and has been verified by hundreds of scientific studies, some involving brain scans. Functions are a later addition that has seen no scientific validity whatsoever. I'm not saying they don't exist but saying dichotomies don't is plainly wrong.Agreed. It's a bunch of confused people here trying to figure out what their function order is based on convoluted descriptions when they should be looking at the fairly simple and obvious dichotomies that when combined offer just as much depth.ESFJ is the closest to Ned Flanders.Nah, MBTI has decades of scientific research behind it and has been confirmed to be valid. Next.SPs are stuck in the moment and SJs are stuck in tradition. It's good to have some N-S interaction once in a while to pull us out of our respective ruts.Letters are the scientifically proven part, cognitive functions are mostly BS.&gt;If I go by the letters they’re an ENFJ, but I know that’s not a reliable measure.

But it is. The letters have decades of scientific validity behind them while functions are mostly conjecture. The number one thing functions do is confuse people.Sounds like a narcissist. It's the classic push-pull cycle of using you for supply and devaluing you, then lovebombing you when you start to drift away. They just love to latch on to vulnerable and genuine people and abuse them.

She's not your friend, friends don't hurt each other. Narcissists can't be fixed or reasoned with, cut contact as much as you can and stay away from her. Don't try to confront her, she'll gaslight you and deny everything, then start abusing you again.

[This](https://www.youtube.com/user/SPARTANLIFECOACH) guy's videos are a great resource for understanding what exactly you're dealing with.&gt;MBTI is scientifically unproven and claimed to be bullshit

No it's not. There are hundreds of studies, some including brain scans, and decades of scientific analysis that confirms the theory is valid. That only applies to dichotomies though, cognitive functions have no scientific validity.There's decades of scientific study behind MBTI and the dichotomies have been proven to be scientifically valid. Cognitive functions are mostly conjecture though. [This](https://np.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3) comment thread goes into it.Always running 100 mph to nowhere. Life is fast food for them.And what do you know, he just happens to be ISTJ.The standard narcissistic bipolar attention whore.Just make sure you don't turn into her like so many narcs' children do.SPs and ENFPs - impulsive, promiscuous, love spending money.

Ironically, those are often the best recommended matches for INTJs.They sure do brag a lot though.&gt;Enfps are not people pleasers though

They absolutely are. They want to be liked by everyone and will wear social masks tailored to each person and group to the point that they don't even know who they are anymore. A friend to all is a friend to none.Top left is ISFJ though.Unlike the letters, functions have [no scientific validity](https://np.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3). Turns out people with similar types are actually similar, who knew. 16personalities is alright for a first introduction.It's the opposite. INTJs look cold but are warm once you break the barrier. INTPs seem amicable but really don't give a shit about anything but their niche interests.[Go by the letters.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3) Cognitive functions have zero scientific validity and this sub reads way too much into them which is why everyone is so confused.We don't, it's a common trope with no grounds in reality. World domination is an ETJ dream, we just want to be left alone.Shaping your life in your view would be more accurate, at least for introverts. I couldn't care less about the world at large.ISTJ is introverted though. If you look closely it starts with an I.Nope, not a single study has ever grouped the types according to their their cognitive functions in lifestyle, values, opinions, career choices, anything. It's all about the dichotomies and opposites are opposites.Exactly. They don't exist in reality. Science says ESTPs are more similar to ESTJs than they are to INFJs. Imagine my shock and horror.If you look closely the last letter is different.

J - orderly, likes structure and planning, results oriented.

P - goes with the flow, doesn't like being constrained by plans or hierarchies, likes winging it, process oriented.ET types are [a step above](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/myers-briggs-personality-income/) the others in average income. They're simultaneously the most materialistic and have the drive and mental aptitude to make it happen.

ITJs are close behind though. Personally, I just don't have the energy to bust my ass for a luxurious lifestyle like my ET friends do. Once I earn a comfortable wage I just glide along with optimal effort and minimal stress.Exceptions are just that, exceptions.Still obsessed with sex like every other ESTP though.That's ENFPs, they consider everyone they meet best friends forever before dropping them like a hot rock for the next distraction. INFPs are more picky.What about feelers?Your mom.A random type.This is a good example of how functions only serve to confuse people. No, artsy ISFPs are not more rational and judgmental than INTJs who are notorious for being rational and judgmental.Only INTPs can make INTJs look like non-nerdy, well-adjusted people.ENFJ is probably the type I like the least. Sleazy, fake, sappy, cringey, clingy manipulators. The cult leader stereotype is on point.

I quit a job because of an ENFJ boss and never had a single ENFJ friend.PoLR Fe: "Not my problem."My introvert type is more likely to blow its brains out if it sees another one of these threads.ENFJ - The saccharine fakeness is disgusting.

ISFJ - Nice people, awful communication. We speak past each other 100% of the time.

ESJ - Hit or miss. Most are insufferable, a few are great people and friends.Inflexibility and poor adaptability. I like to have the future planned out and contingencies taken care of. Last minute changes or spontaneous proposals are irritating, not fun. I like to weigh decisions carefully and have all the information, I suck at winging it.ESTPs and ENTPs earn more on average than ISTJs do.[https://www.truity.com/blog/personality-type-career-income-study](https://www.truity.com/blog/personality-type-career-income-study)Who says it is?Bottom left is ITPs only.Do you believe in the Moon or do you think - much like I do - that it's just the back of the Sun?That's just an ENFP.I've found their intertype relations to be accurate with the exception of duality. They describe duality as some sort of soulmate match when really it's just easy communication with nothing in common, resulting in quick pleasantries and little more.

They also focus on cognitive functions which unlike dichotomies have no scientific evidence of existing at all.&gt;Some MBTI people also use dichotomies though, even if the official MBTI doesn't use them.  

I think you've got that mixed up. MBTI is built on dichotomies, functions are a later addition that has seen no scientific validity in decades of studies.Wrong. MBTI is built on dichotomies, cognitive functions have no scientific backing whatsoever.My sweet child.* Think before we act. Consider implications.
* Manage stress and work/life balance. Live frugally.
* Process and understand emotions. We suck at it but we suck a little bit less.No two types with only one different letter are extremely different.Agreed. These function-obsessed people will tell you INFPs are more similar to ESTJs than they are to INFJs which is objectively, measurably wrong.A lot of trans people in your family too.They're busy cleaning countertops and talking about nothing in particular for two hours straight.
Does butthurt count? :pSounds like Ni to me. Point #5 might just be "Aha, after vetting these small pieces of data I have this fleshed out, medium piece of data. So, where is this medium piece of data now compatible with other medium pieces, so I can form a large piece?"

Then again, I might be biased. 
can confirm. am using waterbottle cap to cut bread into circles

now i want a robot to make me sandwichesINTJ, ThunderbirdENTPs: where do you get all your ideas from and what is aux ti, how does it workintj; ahead of me blankly[excuse me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7uU9clhUbk)Me, trying to relate my own functions to a basic rundown of Criminal Minds/any similar catch-the-killer show:

Ni finds the patterns and items that stand out from the rest, matching certain elements like puzzle pieces where applicable.

Te categorizes the data.

Fi discerns motive from data.

Ni and Te research and find the next step on the criminal's path, trying to reach it before the killer.

Once it's all said and done, Te strains the most relevant-to-the-job information from the case and Se stores it for later.We're basically Dark INFJs, I'd say.Jesus Christ, what the fuck triggered me into killing [friend's name redacted] and thus [other friend's name redacted]?Man, [adultswim] is the shit. Sometimes(?). I've only ever seen RnM, clips of Robot Chicken, and I've binged a ton of the infomercials/similar, the last of which I find most intriguing. All the ones I've seen have had some element of that what-the-fuck humor - Salad Mixxer, SmartPipe, FartCopter, AlphaChow, and especially Live Forever As You Are Now with Alan Resnick, Unedited Footage of a Bear, and This House has People In It. I love the ones where you have to dig *really* deep to understand what the hell is going on, and you're rewarded, if not with a solid answer, with at least a good few hours of extra content to discuss with people online and try to make some headway.Love of analysis videos? Especially horror ones?Blunt and flowery.Example? I mean, from what I've seen, he's always a stuttering mess.Thanks?Neither do ifuck this world,, I don't fucking know anymore."save small kids"oh my godthis is the biggest gap in comment length between two consecutive comments on a post I've ever seenDo RPs count?Mine all tend to be some sort of INxx, usually along the lines of INxJ. Usually more INTJ, afaict. Uh... I write what I know? It's easiest to write what you know and yes I have been working on this for the past four to six hours What's your secret?Neurotic organization, such as grouping classical deities by area of control or something.Ni-Te here, I find myself getting lost in daydreams of everything from mundane tasks to do later to self-inserts of fantasy storiesOh boy. I love to speculate.INTJ

 * Total and complete prices of shit

 * People that don't think twice about a decision

 * People that aren't prepared for the worst

 * Yes, that means any potential apocalypseWhat if I'm autistic?TIME TO PUMP MYSELF FULL OF VACCINES AND LEAD A ONE-MAN CHARGE AGAINST INVADERSBUILD A WALL&gt;easily bored

You got that right. Depression, man...Often, I can just sit in one spot for 10+ minutes in a row, with my thoughts just sort of floating through my head until I find one I want to explore more into detail; those, especially, I tend to 'file away' for later use. Sometimes, I'll revisit a thought I like, building on it, taking out certain details and replace them with others to see if it works better or more smoothly with the idea.

Then, as /u/antlerhoof said, there's also the thing of being able to practically see one's daydreams there in front of you. It's just sort of an unconscious thing, something that just happens. My eyes start feeling almost hazy, my face scrunches, I semi-freeze in one position, and life around me gets blocked out as I 'see' some event play out in front of me - for instance, some fictional character walking down the street, or running alongside the vehicle, or me being caught up in some strange happening in, say, southern England. Your brain just hyper-focuses on one thing and one thing only, wholly blocking out all the rest of the world until someone ultimately shakes you back into reality.I can imagine INTJ eventually sprinting out of the lab, only to be confronted with a world at less than half its first-time-living human population.But why am I getting mobbed, exactly?Don't watch TWD, but I've seen some BB.

shitTied with INFJ for getting lost in our thoughts and wandering around for absurd distances, probably.r/wholesomememes?Who are we talking about here? Who's Lil Dicky?God, I'm shit at number puzzles, but give me a book of word searches and like 12 hours and I'm done. I'm also fond of word searches (but I can never get them right [maybe it's just the one in the Chicago Tribune that trip me up?])I like it a lot, but I can't get the News in Haikus tune out of my head whenever I read oneyou couldn't even haiku rightWhat song should I start at?Shit, you're right. whooopsiesDoes the RemindMe bot work here?I look like that fairly often because I remember the most cringey shit from middle school like 5 years ago at the dumbest timesRBF?Ah, yeah.Had that waaay too many times to count...I've miscalced again

To haiku you didn't mean,

but to rhyme instead.Ive gone fishing like once or twice in the past like three, four years, both for PEFive syllables first

Then seven in the next line

Five syllables last

.

Your haikus will not

necessarily need to

rhyme, so just relax5-7-5Yeah c:~~time to break out the hilson~~ME

edit: am intjI drink mostly-black with a bit of milk. Need to get in that caffeine but dont want to burn my tongue. Or my hands. Or lap.MY CALCS SAID IT WOULD TAKE 21 MINUTES BUT I PURPOSEFULLY ROUNDED UP WHY IS THIS TAKING SO LONGim not angry im thinking"Learning history is unim--"

*boots up*

"GET READY FOR AN ASS-PUMMELING"wan sum fukSTOP KILLING ME&gt;suicide

get checked outl a r g e h a m~~same~~Fell down a lot, got hit with balls. Reading.blue and yellowReid! Heyyy, I'm not alone~~ly~~
To be honest, I had terrible studying habits as a kid. I don't pay much attention in class and often winged exams, and it worked, probably because school doesn't value hard work as much as uni--as long as you did good enough the exam (which, let's face it, is mostly memorization and is easy to cram for) no one cares if I half-ass or even don't do all my other assignments. 

It ended in second semester of uni, where I got the worst grade average in my life, failed one of my classes, and was put into a major I wasn't aiming for. I'm now in fifth semester, and I'm proud to say that I've established a real studying habit since then. It consists of eating thrice a day (important because without this I can't do the next part of my habit), paying full attention in class, doing assignments for 1-2 hours every day, and reviewing all materials before any exams. I don't do many exercises or problem sets due to the nature of my major. It worked pretty well, and the best part is that I still have a lot of time for hobbies and other activities. My GPA also increased drastically, and I have high hopes that my cumulative GPA would be pretty good by the time I graduate. I'm just grateful that I fixed myself before my work ethic became a bigger problem in life.Thank you. That is very encouraging. I'm currently down in the bogs right now because I tried to help someone who's very difficult to help, and now I want to take a deep breath and try again. I hope you can keep this feeling with you as long as you can, and remember it when you need it the most. Cheers.My mum is an ESFP. We had screaming matches daily over the most ridiculous things when I was younger, but now we get along just fine. Until we had to finish a task together. Then the screaming matches start again.Sounds like a great idea to do while I'm procrastinating haha

1. INTJ

2. My tritype is 3w4/1w9/5w4, the 1w9 and 5w4 might be switched around though

3. Took a test at a high school organization for regeneration purposes. I ended up being head of regeneration for said organization, so I learned more about MBTI in order to help develop and manage the members better.

4. My father's an INTJ or ISTJ (I haven't sussed out his preference for Si vs Ni yet) and my mother's an ESFJ.

5. INTP/INFP/ISTP

6. INTP, probably. They've always been the people who connect best to me, and they're just plain awesome and nice guys. My ex was one, and he's still one of my best friends to this day.

7. I'm passionate. Under the right circumstances, I can be ridiculously emotional.I mean, fried whitebait is a common, cheap delicacy where I live. And there are like 15-20 baby fishes in a portion, so...Very accurate. A couple times I thought about leaving, but man, someone's gotta tell the younger kids that it's okay to be INTJ and have human needs. We don't need them destroying themselves because they want to seem cool and awesome.
[Here](http://i.imgur.com/Zqx4G1t.jpg) please don't check my comment/post history. This picture is only a few months old.The sweater is a result of my ISFP SO, but you're 1/4 correct.Ooh Watsky, I completely forgot to put him on my list, &lt;3
What is your type and favorite band/song/artist/genre?
I'm an INTJ who is a big fan of the Arctic Monkeys, Ed Sheeran, The Fratellis, and The White Stripes.
It happens to us Ni-doms as well, especially when in an Ni-Fi loop (in my case at least). I have read about something similar with INFJs and their Ni-Ti loop.

That said, I can use Te to pull out of it sometimes.ENFP cry for attention.

The funny thing is, I actually *like* ENFP cries for attention. Weird, I know.ISTPs: the original couch potatos. I get along great with ISTPs but I try to incorporate you into my plans for world domination and you're down for it right up until the moment when you have to get off the couch and set aside the bag of Doritos.

Therefore, I have sworn off ISTPs. *Forever!*Not just lazy but slothful. They seem trustworthy then when you need them, they only show up if they're getting something out of it, no matter how many times you went to bat for them out of the goodness of your heart.

Irresponsible with money and time. Perpetually in debt.

Basically, slaves to physical stimulation, be it the newest restaurant, Doritos on the couch, promiscuity, a road trip, whatever.

The thing that always got me with ISTPs, whom I have now sworn off, is that they portrayed themselves as rock-solid guys who were gonna be your best bud. But when push came to shove, nope.I have history with at least 3 ISTPs, maybe more. Why assume right off the bat that it's just one? Underestimate INTJs at your own risk.INTJ-ISTP form a benefit relationship, so I mesh easily with ISTPs because they make me feel useful, which is perhaps the #1 most important thing an INTJ seeks: to be useful.

At the same time, they are not consistently useful to INTJs, in my experience. It's a one-way relationship.

Side note: Don't apologize for the actions of other people. It makes you seem either like a wuss or a condescending jerk.

http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/82-Benefit-relationsNo, it doesn't disturb me. I'm attempting to offer you some advice.

&gt; I'm sorry you think I am a wuss and or a jerk

(1) I haven't drawn any conclusions about what kind of a person you are. I only commented on the impression your words give.

(2) Is that some deep irony or did you just apologize again? Seriously, dude, stop apologizing. You only apologize when you hurt someone else.
Yes, I prefer socionics over MBTI though. I'm personally looking for an ESFP, and not just because socionics says so that it would be the best relationship, it also just feels the most right.

if you want to know more about it:
http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/intertype_relationships/DualThat's the same logic as used in the socionics type names, they just put introversion/extraversion last and use (L)ogical instead of (T)hinking and (E)thical instead of (F)eeling.
So INTJ becomes ILI.
INTP is LII.
INFJ is IEI.
etcYou remind me of my sister so I think ISFP.I personally think someone's type never changes.
The tests are not that great. 
And where did you read about your type? It's kinda weird that both INTJ and ENFJ "sound like me".Well, If you want to know what your type is then look at the functions.
This is a good start:
https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2c69ms/socionicsmbti_descriptions_by_functions_intj/
https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2f9pe4/socionicsmbti_descriptions_by_functions_enfj/Never, got INTJ on the first test I did. The more I learned about MBTI and socionics the more sure I am that I'm INTJ / ILI.I like your analysis. The gamma part made me think of Napoleon who I sometimes see typed as ENTJ and sometimes as ESFP.It's been a while since I played TNO but imo he was too much a super hero with no real weaknesses to type him.A beautiful mind for INTJ

I think you mistake ESTPs for ESTJs. And ESTPs have the conflict relation with INFPs.
I have worked together with a (female) ESTJ and she was not ambitious at all. Very hard working, yes, but not ambitious. The thing she liked the most was cooking for her family.ISFJ can act like clowns when they want to cheer someone up.
ISFP is more serious but they just want to have fun.
ISFP like being the one making the decisions but in an indirect manner, not as a leader but by manipulating so that everyone does what he wants.
ISFJ is more caring but can also be sadistic. ISFP is more egoistic but will never be sadistic.

This is just based on my ISFJ brother and ISFP sister. Same but I prefer Fi instead of Fe. Imo everyone is selfish, Fi is just more honest about it.Logic, self, spatialJust terrible starting with the description of Ne. Ne is not pattern finding, that's Ni. 
See, that's why I like socionics. I have the same thing but with ISFJ instead.
I like ISFPs a lot, I understand them well and they are very funny imo.Extrovert: ESFP or ENTJ hard to choose.

Introvert: ISFPAfter those emotional outbursts, do you feel better or worse?LEAST FAVORITE TO FAVORITE

* ESFJ
2. ISFJ
3. ISTP
4. ESTP
5. ESTJ
6. ENTP
7. ISTJ
8. INTP
9. ENFJ
10. INFJ
11. INFP
12. ENFP
13. INTJ
14. ENTJ
15. ISFP
16. ESFP

how do you make an ordered listESFP is influenced by socionics and how INTJ-ESFP has the duality relationship (duality is supposedly the best relationship). But also I just find ESFP women the most attractive. Like Ana Ivanovic I have always found one of the most attractive woman there is. (I must admit though that I think she's ESFP just based on her looks).

This is the sexiest music videos I know: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbqVg_23otg
Birgitte Hjort Sørensen was imo the best looking actress in GoT (just one episode though :( )
This girl I also find super attractive: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atRKZIKBm7A

ENFPs I also find good looking but just not as much as I do with ESFPs. Like this woman imo has the typical ENFP look: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mM7_EKEPqyA

There is also an ESFP in my family, she always had huge amounts of respect for me(so much that I suspect there might be higher feelings), I did nothing in particular to earn that respect. It was just always there.I liked going to school. I never liked the homework though. I was like, adults don't have to do anything after their 8 hours of work, why do I have to still do something after my 8 hours of school?

I also hated doing presentations and group projects but I guess that can be expected from my type.I think ESFP.

I'm still trying to understand the relation between Se, Si and exercising but atm my opinion is:

-Se types: they exercise/do sports mostly for enjoyment

-Si types: they see exercising/doing sports as self-improvement and that's their motivation to do it

So that's why I think Se.My ISTP uncle brags that when he is driving at the speed limit and someone tries to overtake him that he will drive to the left to block the person from overtaking him.INTJ, possibly bi-polar (had one manic episode, no "official" depression but i often feel depressed), possibly autistic (i haven't been tested).Horoscopes are mostly bs, but maybe there is some correlation between personality and what time of the year you were born.
Like the younger you are the faster you learn, so maybe there can be a significant difference in how living your first 3 months during summer can have an effect on your personality compared to living your first 3 months during winter.ESFJs do that too though.For some people their looks give it away. Like I saw an interview with Cate Blanchett in some magazine with a large picture of her and I immediatly thought that she was INFJ, just from how she looks.The tests are bad but imo they are still a good place to start. But there is no point to take them twice, the questions too clearly telegraph what they are asking about so once you know more about MBTI you're probably more likely going to answer the tests with how you want to be instead of what you are.

Then looking at your dom and aux functions seems like the logical step. I identify a lot with Ni, I definitely prefer Fi over Fe and Te over Ti, so that leaves INTJ as the only possibility.

And then what also helps me a lot with typing other people is how they interact with other people and with me. But that's more socionics than MBTI, since MBTI doesn't say much about intertype relations.Lying and manipulating are different things. My ISFP sister is great a manipulating but usually without lying. My ISFJ brother is less good at  manipulating but he lies a lot more.

Me personally I'm bad a manipulating. I'm decent at lying but it's mostly because people know I'm very honest so when I say something then everyone just expects it to be the truth.

Fe users also expect you to lie. Like when my mother (ESFJ) asks if the food she made is good, the only answer she wants is yes. Even if I don't like it, she would rather have me lie about it.

So frustrating for me.Better for Te and Ti would be:

Te - Your opinion is factually incorrect because point1, point2, point3, point4, point5, etc

Ti - Your argument is invalid because of &lt;insert logical fallacy&gt;Not sure if you are sarcastic. 

And strategy is not the only thing that decides wars.

Take Horatio Nelson for example, reading about him he seems like a clear ESFP. Without him the British might have not been able to get the dominance at sea over France.

Also it's usually just a few leaders at the top who decide over what strategy to use. So % of intuitives wouldn't be important.Wow you are complicated. I have seen most of your posts here and now I kinda want to know what type you are, here is my attempt at analysing you, using mostly socionics:

You are not stress resistant, Gulenko ( a socionics author) has some theory about stress resistance and type (http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/31237-Socionics-types-and-stress-resistance-by-Gulenko):
Least stress resistant: ENFJ, INFP, ISTP, ESTJ

&gt; Thinking about some stuff and then trying to come up with a theory on how it works

Seems like Ti so: ENTP, INTP, ISTP, ESTP

&gt; This is one of my problems. I am very paranoid, I thought about seeing a psychologist, but I think it helps me think better. I can live with it, even though it really makes my life difficult.

ISTP is the most paranoid.

&gt; I've planned my life to the death. I know what I am going to do through my whole life. I always plan things, my mind is full of the future. I don't see any other way of living. I have plans about life, plan B if A didn't work, plan C if both didn't work out.

You don't want to change your goals: strategic (http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/dichotomies/r2t4)
Only considering the types we had so far this would mean: INTP, ESTP, ENFJ

&gt; I would never give up on my habits. I would be open to hear people's thoughts but, I don't believe in religons, I don't believe in religions. Finished. No human being can change that.

Rational (http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/dichotomies/jp)
So: INTP, ISTP, ENFJ

So conclusion: I'm gonna go with ENFJ, with ISTP as the second most likely. Also matches the socionics test.

Especially that inferior Ti seems to shine through in a lot of your posts:

&gt; Ti as Suggestive/Dual Seeking Function
The individual has great admiration for people with well-developed systems of views. He especially likes clear and concise explanations of concepts, rather than a lot of background information about them that is not directly pertinent. He wants his actions to make sense, and thus needs external assurance that the conceptual understanding behind them is correct. If he cannot find a source of certainty, he may become flustered and unable to act rationally at all.

What do you think about Neil deGrasse Tyson? Since he's one of the most famous ENFJ scientists you would expect someone like you to like him.

The reason that I think you are strategic and not tactical is because I also tried studying physics and I also failed (also mostly because the math was too difficult :p) . But it seems like the failure for you was a lot harder to accept (seems like you still haven't fully accepted it since you want to try again) than it was for me.

I see tactical thinking as not thinking more than one step ahead. Of course everyone can think multiple steps ahead but it's something I don't like doing and don't usually do. Also making fallback plans is something I don't usually do (which you do seem to do). 

So to give an example of my tactical thinking, this is how my school career went:

The early years of high school my plan was to study something related with IT, but it never was a certainty for me.
Then starting from the 3rd year we got physics classes and I found that more and more interesting the more I learned about it. In the 6th year we learned about Newtonian mechanics and that was the most interesting thing I ever learned, mostly because I found it all so intuitive and very easy for me. It's like I already knew all it in the back of my mind. And that was pretty much when I decided that I wanted to study physics at university.

I failed my first year of physics, only passing 4 of 10 courses. I failed all 4 math classes. And I didn't had much hope that I would ever be able to pass those math classes. Also my favorite of those 10 courses were not the physics courses but the one programming class. So then I decided that I wanted to study something programming related, but I still wanted to do something that had some physics in it so I ended up choosing for industrial engineer: electronics and ICT.

So I went ahead and studied that, never failed an exam. Graduated in 4 years. Found a job as software developer and that's what I have been doing the last 3 years.Tbh, I don't know. I indeed don't see much Fe in all your posts, besides the following:

&gt; This question. So, one of my friend was preparing for college and her goal was to be a nurse. I felt bad, because she had to chance to be a doctor (she has at least 2 more years to study for the college exams). So, I inspired(?) her. I told her that she had 2 more years, and if she could study enough, she could eventually do it. So, I gave this question a "4"..

&gt; I am actually well with people, I'm not very social but, I'm not, you know, awkward. I'm usually the one who cheers up the friend group, who is humorous. I really need real life scenarios and examples to answer these kinds of questions correctly.

I'm pretty sure you are not an INTJ but that's about it.


ESFP is my favorite type!

&gt; Insightful,, technical posts about functions, are about high-stack intuition

Probably because the majority on this subreddit is intuitive (or thinks they are intuitive).

&gt; Every time I see my type, 'this girl at work annoys me so much with how she.. ' or something or the other follows. Not the really anything insightful or positive.

It frustrates me too. I personally think that intelligence has nothing to do with personality. You have stupid and smart NTs and you have stupid and smart SFs.
Also the MBTI description of ESFPs is terrible. So terrible that I think a lot of ESFPs would type themselves as ENTJ. That would also explain why everyone in /r/entj seems to be so confident. Being confident is something I associate more with ESFPs than with ENTJs.I like socionics quadras for this. Reading people of my own quadra is quite easy for me. Reading alphas is near impossible for me.I would say Si. That seems to be the function that is the most concerned with your own well being. 

My ISFJ brother is also quite interested in survival, like he's a Bear Grylls fanboy and he also liked The Revenant a lot. I don't have LLI and I'm glad that I don't have it.

The article seems unreasonably optimistic about it. To me it seems that noticing the same details over and over again would just keep your brain too busy to do more useful thinking.

Like when I drive to work I just faze out and daydream, seems like that wouldn't be possible with LLI and I think I would hate that.I don't see any malfunctioning, you just quickly come to conclusions but are also flexible with them.I wouldn't think of all the possible reasons why someone would have left the bottle. But that's more an example of not wanting to use Ne than an example of Ni.

Not really real life examples but following youtube videos I see as good examples of Ne vs Ni(+Te maybe, I see it as a typical INTJ video):

[Ne](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlTA3rnpgzU)

[Ni](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H901KdXgHs4)I still find looking at functions the best way, and specifically finding out your dom and aux function. It's also the thing that socionics and mbti are the most similar at. INTJ is Ni-Te, INTp is Ni-Te. It's the interpretation and the ordering of the remaining 2/6 functions where the two theories are different. 
This is pretty much what quadras in socionics are about. Except they take it one step further and also make a distinction on Fi/Te and Fe/Ti.

Just google.

I also like this: http://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/pfff cruel to do a test like that without a time limit, wasted way too much time. Got 97%.

Anyone who knows 95, 36, 15 , ?. I looked at that one for like an hour but I'm still clueless.

Edit: nvm googled it.I don't make long term plans. Life is too unpredictable for long term planning.Just typical INTP making a wall of text without a real message :p.Anything that is completely pointless.

One of my favored copy pastas:
This message adds zero value to your life. I hope you enjoyed reading this, because I enjoyed typing it out. If you are still reading this, I would just like to tell you that you are wasting your time. If you think anything positive will come out of this final sentence, you are mistaken

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwZ6hBwTogg

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sF-YBfnappM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k78OjoJZcVcImo the types are the same. They are both Ni-Te. Socionics just takes different (and imo usually better) conclusions than MBTI.

&gt; Ni = I have a-ha moments but not multiple times per day, maybe once or twice only, or even none.

I think your expectations of Ni are a little too high.

Also Si in socionics is described completely different then it is in MBTI. In socionics Si is more about analyzing the state of your body(both physically and mentally). For example: I think Si doms would be much less likely to get things like a burnout happen to them, because they are much more conscious of their health.

And my weak Si might be an explanation of why that when someone put a bag of potato chips in front of me I will keep eating from it until I get sick. I have very little discipline when there is food within reach of me.SFJ are the kind of people that like to talk about the weather.
STJ are the kind of people that like to talk about people I don't know personally. 

That's my experience with the two.Sometimes I do and sometimes not.
Game Of Thrones is my favorite series.
I greatly disliked Star Wars Ep. 7.It is a pseudoscience. It doesn't follow the scientific method.I have a funny anecdote about this.

In 4th year of high school I had quite a conservative religion teacher. Usually religion on my school was very chill, it was usually more about ethics than religion. But she was not like that sadly. I considered myself an atheist so I assumed we wouldn't get along.

Anyway, at some point she plays some boring song. While the song was playing I was fiddling with some random stuff in my pen case, which happened to be an empty fountain pen cartridge and a rubber band. Suddenly the cartridge was gone and I had no idea where it went. Then she stops the song and asks who shot the cartridge at her.

So then I said that I accidentally did that. But that's all I said, I was very shocked. Then some guy whispered to me "say that you're sorry". So then I very awkwardly said sorry to her. Very embarrassing. Besides her being angry I don't really remember. I didn't get any punishment for it so I guess she believed that it wasn't intentional.cr1tikal: ISFP
I haven't watched much of h3h3 but my guess is Ethan ISFP and Hila ENTJ. I know it's a little weird because Ethan talks a lot more than Hila. But they just remind me the most of people with those types I know irl.An INTP that constantly says ass, shit and titties? The INTPs I know would avoid topics like that as much as possible. And they would use less vulgar words like excrement or something like that.Dominion.I also think ENTP. 

A lot of it seems like Ne dom to me. I think ENFP.Shouldn't the title be "nearly everyone". Or do you also think every INTJ wouldn't type himself as INTJ?
My (current) opinion:

j and p: j types take longer to form an opinion about something but once they form an opinion about something they will not want to change their opinion anymore.

p types on the other hand more quickly form an opinion about something but they are more flexible with it. If they get new information they have less of a problem to change their opinion.

J and P: J types usually plan their activities much more in advance while P types often decide on short term to go do some activity. With activity I mean something outside with other people. 

So something in the middle of socionics and MBTI. I don't agree much with that Dr. Drenth article though.Yea, I think /r/entj is a more accurate representation of anneagram 3 than of ENTJ.60% on right brain
80% on people watchingDoing tests multiple times is pointless. Once you know what each character in your MBTI means it's easy to see in each answer what it is asking about. So you're more likely to answer whatever fits the type you want to be and not what you are.

Just to check, I did this test http://www.scottmunson.info/myers/results/ with the intention of being typed ESTP, this is the result:

Your personality type is: ESTP

Preference Clarity Categories: 
(Slight, Moderate, Clear, Very Clear) 

Very Clear Extraversion: 21/21
Very Clear Sensing: 26/26
Very Clear Thinking: 24/24
Very Clear Perceiving: 22/2287.5%
I thought I was doing terrible half way through it but apparently not.I have good navigation skills. I think it depends on your own type because for me I have that with Fi doms. When I talk to Fe doms I'm usually frustrated afterwards.Just anecdotal, ISTJ. I see ISFJ and ISTJ both as jokers. But ISFJ is more the silly kind of joker, while ISTJ is more the serious kind of joker.Actually seems more like an ENTJ to me.Bad, I don't know what to do it with it. It keeps piling on."I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome." 
-Julius Caesar
Most Universally Likable: ESFP

Most Universally Unlikeable: INTJ

Most Universally Misunderstood: INFP

Most Universally Socially Unaware: INTP

Most Universally Funny: ISFJ

Most Universally Serious: INTJ

Most Universally Focused: ESTJ

Most Universally Unfocused: ENFPI disagree with socially unware because usually I'm aware of how awkward I am. I just can't change it.I saw in an interview with some typologist (I forgot who) who believed that your aux function is the function you can most easily use in both attitudes. 

At least for me it's true. I'm INTJ but my job is programming which is mostly using Ti. And I'm just naturally good at programming. And I also enjoy the programming itself.

But I prefer Te. Which might explain why I don't find learning about programming interesting, I wouldn't learn a new programming language if I'm not going to use that programming language. While I can see INTPs learning a new language just for the sake of learning something new.If you are not trolling with all these threads, I recommend seeing a psychiatrist.How can an apple and an orange mimic a banana?

I don't understand what you are asking.Same for me. This thread is the first time I relate the most with ISFJs.If you are interested in socionics:
Fe/Ti is merry.
Fi/Te is serious.
http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Merry_and_seriousYou shouldn't try to find out P or J on it's own. You should first find I/E, or find them out simultaniously. Because there are quite big differences between EP, IP, EJ and IJ.Besides liking certain (older) songs that I probably wouldn't like if I would hear them now for the first time, I'm almost completely unaffected by it.You sure you are ISFJ? Seems much more like what I would expect from ISFP.Relations between types is where socionics makes a lot more sense than mbti. All symmetrical, all the same for all types.

Within the mbti community it seems like a lot of people all have a different opinion about what types fit well together and which types don't.

This is great if you want to know more about it: http://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/I would never see myself do a job like nurse or doctor. But those jobs are definitely needed and I think feelers are much more suited for those jobs than thinkers. FJ more specifically.

FPs are good for art/entertainment industry.More ISFJ than ISFP. But INFJ seems even more likely.Just comparing you to my ISFJ brother. Your interests are completely different (his are survival and layman astronomy (he likes Through The Wormhole and Bear Grylls)). He's the least serious person I know. He almost never worries about something. I don't think he overthinks much.

I must say though, I'm very bad at understanding him, I assume it's due to INTJ and ISFJ being complete opposites.I think there might be a small correlation between what season you were born in and what personality you have. From the idea that, the younger you are the more flexible your mind and body is. Spending your first months of life in a summer/ winter might have a significant impact on your personality.

It's just anecdotal but most SFPs I know are born in May/June, while most NTJs I know are born in October/November. It's probably just randomness though.1) INTJ gamma

2) No, I'm from Belgium. But I would have voted for Clinton.

3) Fairly disappointed. I was hoping that most Trump said was bullshit to get elected, but him choosing that climate denier doesn't seem good. I'm actually shocked the most about so many women voting for him.

4) Hope: that the damage in the next 4 year will be minimal and that after those 4 years Sanders or someone with a similar ideology will be the next president.  Fears:  That oil and coal industry will get subsidized, slowing down green energy industry and damaging the climate even further. More discrimination. Weaker NATO. And just Trump being unpredictable in general, I don't know what to expect and that's scary.

But I definitely hope he will be very successful, I don't want him to ruin the USA(or world peace) just to get proven right.
Pretty much 100% sure, several reasons:

-I stronly relate with descriptions of dominant Ni.

-I hate it when people use their Fe on me. So that probably is my polr, which makes Te my aux.

-Socionics relations. I'm nearly 100% sure of the types of my close family and it all fits together well.I almost never have it. And I have learned to just think about something else when it happens.
I don't know what it's called but I almost never read with an inner voice. I read in the faster way where you skip the fase of translating words into "mental spoken words" or whatever you want to call it.

What they describe [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/2qra56/how_do_i_stop_internally_vocalizing_words_as_i/) but I never needed tricks to learn to do it.

So no, I don't use different voices since I use no voice.I think the golden rule (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Rule) works better for Fe types than Fi types. 

I dislike it because it doesn't say anything about individual freedom. Another problem I have with it is that it tells masochists that it's okay to be sadistic (I also believe that both masochists and sadists are more likely to be types that prefer Fe).I think it depends. I think ISTJ are the most sheepish, so in communities where shitposting is common I think it'll be mostly ISTJs shitposting (like on /r/forsen).

But in general ENTP might be right.I see the tertiary and 4th functions as functions you're bad at using but appreciate the most in other people.

That's why I prefer the socionics ordering. Functions you greatly dislike (Fe, Si in my case) say more about a person than functions you kinda like but are not good at using.I don't think this has much too do with him being NTJ. The product owner on my current project is an INTJ and you can always change his mind about something if you have good arguments.MBTI only works for mentally stable people.

I had mania, if I would describe it in MBTI terms then I would say that most of my thinking (both Ti and Te) was disabled, and my Ni and Ne were out of control.They are very random for me, and I forget them quickly because I find them meaningless. I rarely have nightmares, usually because by the time I'm conscious enough to feel fear, I have realized I'm dreaming.

My last dream was also weird and random. I was in a car as a passenger, and a colleague from work was driving. He's an extremely calm guy (I think he's an INTP), but in my dream he was driving super fast and I was scared we would crash into something.Yea, so often people say both Si and Ni are about finding patterns. Which is bullshit imo.

Sensing is just about interacting with the real world. Si is more about your own body, while Se is more about everything outside your body. At least that's what I think it is, it's hard to relate to it for me, I assume because I'm an intuitive.

Like my brother is an ISFJ. Every single thing that requires mechanical skill, he's better at than me. Any sport we have ever played together or against eachother, he's always better than me. Any game that requires a lot of mechanical skill, like CS:GO or Tony Hawk Pro Skater, he's better than me. 

Intuitives can also be good at sport of course, but it would probably require a lot more focus and effort.ISFJs are the same. Most annoying thing about my ISFJ brother, it's near impossible to have a serious talk with him.Visual: 37.5%
Auditory: 18.75%
Kinesthetic: 18.75% Results I got are very weird, pretty much all the art questions I answered with very inaccurate and then it suggests lots of artistic jobs. wtf.

motiv type - XCHWDRX

motiv+ type - xcHWd|R|x

jung type - ESTJ

personality disorders (top3): Avoidant, Borderline, Paranoid

enneagram - 3

careers (top3): cartoonist, illustrator, digital artist

This makes no sense at all to me.
I have it more for ESFPs. ENFP seem a little fake happy, ESFPs seem more genuine to me.
Yet for my ISFP sister, school was a walk in the park while for my ISFJ brother it was a huge struggle. My sister also has much better memory.

Agree at jobs though. 

You're overvaluing Si though. I don't think there is a relation with photographic memory.
[This one](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ILI_subtypes#Description_by_V._Meged_and_A._Ovcharov). There is a lot of negativity in it but I'm not really a happy person so it seems appropriate.Don't really care about marriage. But if I would marry than the wedding should be huge. I don't have a clue though about how expensive big weddings are.Quite similar for me, IRECAS with C and A equal.'14 Renault Megane Grandtour diesel. Why: This and the berline version are the only company cars I can choose without paying additionally from my wage. Berline version is ugly.

If I could choose any car (but with money restrictions) I would probably get a Volkswagen Golf, had one as a replacement car for a week, was much nicer to drive than the Megane.

Without money restrictions I would get a Tesla or a BMW i8.Because they are one of the few completely electric cars that also look good.

No I never watch top gear.INTJ are the type that do that the most, so because I go against the stream I don't do that. 

But as a sensor you can avoid close minded idiots though.I can't speak for others. But I'm just terrible at understanding other people. MBTI (and socionics which I prefer) have helped me a little bit with that. I consider both pseudosciences though, I think there is some truth in it but there are definitely lots of things in it that are wrong. 

Big five is scientific but it seems more shallow (and that makes it less interesting to me), more about how people are on the surface than about how their brain works.

And I must admit, one of the reasons why I like socionics more is because all the ESFPs I know irl, I get along with well. And I hate the MBTI stereotype about ESFPs.Based on the person of each type I know the best:

ENTJ - Helpful and understanding. Good at efficiently solving problems. 

ENTP - Constantly talking, often give mean quips.

INTJ - Pretends to be confident to hide their deep insecurities. 

INTP - Unworldly. Traditional except when it comes to religion.

ENFJ - Vegetarians/vegans. Gets sad when reality strikes.

ENFP - Constantly talk because not talking makes them sad

INFJ - / don't know any infj good enough

INFP - Are proud of their mistakes.

ESFJ - Wants everyone to feel alright, but not very emphatic.

ESTJ - Often indignant about injustice. Work hard until burnout.

ISFJ - Clowns. Almost never serious, awkward when they are serious.

ISTJ - Drink beer with friends. Like sports. Constantly sarcastic and snarky.

ESFP - Hate boredom. Great at understanding people. Warm.

ESTP - Wants to let everyone know what he likes and what he dislikes

ISFP - Funny but serious. Are great at choosing personal gifts.

ISTP - Preaches when someone violates his cultural valuesNice ESTP roasting.It's probably because I'm INTJ so with polr Fe. But I'd choose Fi over Fe any time. 

Like a christmas present my sister (ISFP) gave me: Several years ago I once said very enthusiastically "BN cookies are my favorite cookies". This year she gave me a pack of BN cookies. 
It's definitely the favorite thing I got this year.

While with my mother (ESFJ), she's totally of the principle "it's the gesture that counts". She would rather want me saying that I like her gifts, than that I actually like them. And that just pisses me off so badly. 
I personally think lots of ESFPs and ESTPs type as ENTJ, and that a lot of them are posting in /r/entj, painting a wrong picture of ENTJs.

To me it doesn't seem that weird that ENTJs would be vulnerable to depression. I think people with dom or aux Ni are those with the most difficulty at being happy with their life. Meta: I often find it weird how often people on /r/mbti try to disassociate things from personality. If there is really no correlation between someone's personality (type) and other aspects of someone's character, then why even bother with the theory? Then it doesn't have any value.

/meta

Here an example of a mental disorder that I expect Fe doms to be more likely (than other types) to get:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Munchausen_syndrome_by_proxy

No. And I admit it's just an assumption. Since mbti is not scientific I don't think there'll be much research about it.I really like twitch emotes like Kappa, LUL, FeelsGoodMan, FeelsBadMan. Especially kappa because it's so hard to be sarcastic with a text message.

And as usual I agree with CritSrc. 90% of communication is not verbal so chatting is only like 10% as 'efficient' as irl talking. Nearly every person probably has your problem because of this.If she was going to pick you up at your home she would have known your address anyway at that point, so then it doesn't really matter anymore. That could be her justification for looking up your address.

That said, if it was me I would have probably just asked for your address.I like fantasy like LoTR, Game of Thrones.

I also like stories that are based on something that happened irl, like Narcos, Wolf of Wall Street, A beautiful mind.

For books it's quite the same. The only exception so far was The Millenium trilogy, the 3rd book hooked me like I was never hooked before by a book. 
No, you mean ESFJs. ESFPs are fantastic :).Are there any ISFJs you know very well? Because, my ISFJ brother, his 'public' face is completely different from his 'private' face. 

At home he is often hilarious, very good at doing funny imitations, it's very comparable to how ENTPs always behave. But at like family gatherings (with all of our cousins) for example, he barely says anything.I actually find it a little weird how often people talk about non-fiction books on /r/intj. I'm way too lazy to read non-fiction. Except when it's    something I need to read for an exam of course.

Maybe a suggestion: the Temeraire series from Naomi Novik is great. It's like the combination of what I said in my previous post: it's fantasy (there are dragons) but it's also based on something that happened irl (Napoleonic wars).I think ENFJ.Please, format your post a little better.

Your post is a little gibberish. But I agree somewhat with you. I prefer socionics over MBTI.

I'm INTJ but Ti is one of my strongest functions. I prefer Te though. But I'm so introverted that I think I use Ti more often than Te. Ni I use the most though. And Fe is clearly my polr(no one can make me more angry than my ESFJ mother), so I have no doubts about being INTJ.

Also, you'd be surprised about how high some people's EQ is. My psychiatrist, it seems like she completely gets me. Even though I also consider myself a very complex person. Definitly give it a try if you really feel that lost.Yea, I admit that's one of the problems with therapy. If you are unlucky and the other person is the kind of person you don't get along with, then the only good option is to try find someone else.

I tried therapy with a psychologist but it just didn't click between us. Once I gave up on that I pretty much used my psychiatrist as a psychologist. 

You'll just have to carry on then. Just remember that everyone struggles with life now and then.My father is an infp. He's very much a slob. Nothing annoys me more about him. He's on some very strong antipsychotics though that make him very numb but still, he also never seems to ask his psychiatrist to try to lower the dose.

My sister is an isfp and she also is a bit like that. I noticed though with her, when she has a boyfriend with her she suddenly pays much more attention to everything house-holding related.

On the other hand though, my last sister's boyfriend was an entj and he was also a slob.Maybe it can help to see how others react when you try to help them.

They are both very helpful and caretaking types.
But I think Fi/Te types will much more appreciate help from a ESTJ, while Fe/Ti types will much more appreciate help from a ESFJ.

So if you know other people's types then based on how much they like getting helped by you, you might be able to identify yourself.Least accurate: /r/entj

most accurate: don't knowAs if mbti is so much better.intj is a close second place. Maybe it's indeed worse.

It's mostly because the entj I know irl I all get along with very well, while on /r/entj there are lots of assholes.More and more people here seem to hate socionics but whatever. It's no surprise to me that a ENFJ dislikes an ESTJ.

Maybe try talking about cooking. That was by far the thing an ESTJ I worked together with was most interested in. If you want to discuss hobbies with her, try talking about hobbies that are useful. I think ESTJs are often utilitarianists.What do you mean with unhealthy? Only liked your second song. And Massive Attack is one of my favorite artists.

Maybe you would like [phaeleh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oViAA6FgE6A)I like the socionics explanation. The 5th and 6th functions (in your case Se and Fi), are functions you are good at using but you don't like using them.
Then the 7th and 8th functions (Te and Ni) are function you are not good at using, and you also don't like those functions in other people.

Like my ISFJ brother for example, he absolute can't stand know-it-alls. Which is a typical Te thing. And he always sees objective criticism as a personal attack.I think it also depends a lot on how you grow up.

Like the USA has such a vengeful culture. Just look at how harsh rape is punished for example. Which I still consider much less worse than murder. I think it's unfair how hard rape gets punished. Sure, people know about the punishment. But people also have emotions, sometimes they do things they didn't want to do. Does their life really need to be ruined for that?

Look at Norway for example. Some of the lowest punishments for crimes in the world and they also have the lowest recidivism in the world. Coincidence?Or maybe it's the private prisons that are just a ridiculously bad thing. And high punishments make private prisons more profitable. Which then leads to the people owning those prisons having more money to bribe lawmakers into making punishments even harsher. And in the end you have the shit you described.Alcohol is the only thing I take that can be considered a drug. It takes me like 3 weeks though to get through a bottle of porto, so I'm not exactly addicted.Isn't this exactly the [Brain in a vat](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brain_in_a_vat) thought experiment?

That's what I find so boring about philosophical discussions. Pretty much every topic has been discussed and the end conclusion is always the same: we don't know.I have this dreamworld but it's quite static. I learn about something interesting about the real world and then I try to fit it into my fantasy world. So it changes but quite slowly.

Like one example, when I learned about the Shanghai Tower, I find that it looks very nice. So now my fantasy city has a tower that looks like the Shanghai Tower.

But I actually just do it for fun. Of course I want to make it real but it will probably never happen.
I think the 8 function model makes much more sense than the 4 function model. After all everyone can think logically (use Ti) for example.

If you stick to the 4 function model then you need to combine stuff in one function and it's just a mess. 

Besides that changing type is bullshit though imo. But any type can use any function.I agree with most what megedy said.

Besides that, I think the types are the same. Just the descriptions are a little different. I also don't think socionics is right in everything. Like they have some comparison tools to compare types. And if I compare INTJ with ISTJ. Then most of the INTJ things apply to me but for some things it's very clearly the ISTJ thing that is much more accurate. So, I don't know if this is just a point where the theory is wrong or if it's just a case of every person being different. Or a case of not knowing myself. (this is the page I'm talking about http://www.sociotype.com/tools/type-comparison/ILI-SLI)

I think socionics gets much hate because it's much more complex and because it's russian. But if you want to know about type interaction, MBTI just doesn't have any of that besides some small things like INTJ-ENFP is a good match.

I think ESTP but I also think he permanently has [hypomania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypomania), which makes typing him more difficult and also less relevant because I think the hypomania is more defining for him than his type would be.
Could also be an STJ. Leaning most towards ESTJ actually, ISTJs are the most sarcastic people I know so that's why I think ESTJ.

I know only one ENTJ but I have just never seen him stressed, while the ESTJs I know much more easily get stressed.iDubbbz is the only one I know of those. He physically looks a bit like me but he seems a little too extroverted for INTJ.
ESFP seems most likely from the way you talk, a lot of listing facts (Te) and Fi things like "I like this, I don't like that". 

It's a long post but you actually managed to keep my attention. I always get lost in long winded Ti reasoning posts. Ugh, getting associated with TRP. I need to pretend that it's all sarcasm otherwise I just can't handle reading it.I even noticed similarities between different types. The rare moments where ENTPs and ISFJs tell something serious, they have the exact same facial expression.&gt; "Why do I feel like only 2% of the population around me is an introvert, yet in the comment section everyone is an introvert?﻿"

Because irl you just forget about the people who don't talk a lot. Even I as an introvert do that. And how can you see from a text message if someone is E or I? Also, mature people usually just stay away from youtube comments.

Irl I now like extroverts more. Like I have an ENTJ and an INTJ colleague. It's so much easier to talk to the ENTJ. While me and the other INTJ, we pretty much never say something about our private life so there is not much to talk about.



ESFPs, because they are shy and aggressive. Very capricious, would never be boring I think. They usually like food and I like making food. 
And for some reason they usually understand me well.

Also they are usually the women I physically find most attractive :).

Also, I have noticed that ESFP love it when you remember things about them. And when I care about something (it's rare but sometimes it happens), then I remember nearly everything.I'm not very helpful, ESTJ and ENTJ are far more helpful than me.

Horde &gt; alliance. 

Ah, the good old times of Barrens chat.ISFP, INTP, don't know

The third one describes more character things then personality things imo.ISFP: my sister because she is the funniest person I know

ISFJ: my brother because from him I learned that people who are completely different (less intelligent) from me are not worth less than me.

ENTJ/ESFP/ENFJ: My psychiatrist. Not really sure about her type, all the conversations we had were obviously about me so I don't know much about her. She's very mature (as you would expect from a psychiatrist) and that makes typing harder because I can't really point out any function she's not good at.
Just anecdotal evidence but I noticed that SFPs besides artsy stuff study mostly things that require a lot of memorizing and not much logical thinking. Law seems to fit that quite well.

It's probably more suited though for ESFP than ISFP.A hearthstone streamer called [Trump](https://www.twitch.tv/trumpsc) had his type in his twitch stream description. I wondered what that was and that's how I learned about it.I always see him typed as ISFJ. But it's kinda hard to type someone with bipolar disorder.I find warm food nearly always better than cold food. So soup.&gt; I didn't have to constantly worry that what I say will deeply offend or hurt anyone. I am relieved by this because I know high Feeler families where EVERYTHING has to be carefully said. It sounds exhausting!

That might be the case for NFs but from personal experience that's totally not true for SFs. They get hurt easily but they also forget very quickly. At home we very often have conflicts be they also go away quickly. (close family are all SFs)I like twitch more for this because I think in the case of youtube there is a bigger chance of people acting out of character.

My favorite streamers:

[INTJ](https://www.twitch.tv/sjow)

[ESFP (or maybe ENTJ)](https://www.twitch.tv/rdulive)

[ISFP (or unusually friendly INTJ)](https://www.twitch.tv/hsdogdog)

Other streamers:

[ENTP](https://www.twitch.tv/chakki_hs)

[INTP](https://www.twitch.tv/trumpsc) 

[ENTJ](https://www.twitch.tv/lotharhs)

[ISTP or INTP](https://www.twitch.tv/thijshs)

[INFJ](https://www.twitch.tv/savjz)

INTJ. Went through a major depression and anxiety disorder. Currently fine.I'm **very** ticklish so I try to stay as far as possible from a tickle war situation. But if, for some chance, I end up getting engaged in one, I win. NO. MATTER. WHAT.When in a Ni-Fi loop they become obsessive and paranoid about their surroundings. They may be insecure as hell about themselves but, in many cases, they will try their best to conceal it by appearing over-confident and even prepotent. When they're specially unhealthy they'll try to show off their knowledge, invalidating or diminishing other's in the process.

When in a Se grip they can be very indulgent, be it alcohol, food, or any other unhealthy habit. They will lose focus of what's causing the grip and blame *anything* instead of it, even details that would normally seem unimportant.

This is the theory but from my experience as an INTJ everything is pretty much accurate. As a detail, a healthy -or at least an insightful- INTJ might now he/she is on a loop/grip but if the situation is not the correct to change it, still endure it while keeping an eye on it until their situation changes and they can get out safely.I live in ESFX land so yes, absolutely yes.Yeah... right ;)"Semper quaerere", "Always searching".

I'm always looking for something. It reflects my, maybe naive, curiosity towards the world and my will to live and keep on learning. Not sure I can decide just one but I do love fire type and I really like psychic ones too so I suppose **Delphox** is a sure choice.
I love **Haunter** for sentimental reasons.

*Edited because of grammarI agree with the post. I love how Ni-Te works and I wouldn't change it except for the chance of occasionally be an ENTJ since they have a better grasp of work relationships. Being an ENFJ, the unhealthy manipulative kind, could be funny from time to time, more as a way to pass the time than a perpetual change.UPS, thank you!!!

Why is it Apollo? It's cool indeedMy mom is another INTJ, which kinda explains a lot about or relationship.

I'm pretty sure my father is an ISFJ.

Uncle is probably an ISTJ.

Aunt is probably an ESFJ.

Elder cousin is an ENFP.

Younger cousin is probably an INFJ.MBTI is the same as most things out there: when handled right, it can make a possitive difference; when handled wrong, it can do a lot of harm.

In the end, it all depends on the maturity of the person studying/applying it and on their willingness to be responsible and use it right.Link or it didn't happen
This is an interesting point. It's often *very late* that I even hear that something has been bothering her. She lets it fester, and then we have blowups over oddly small things when I'm unthinkingly straightforward or distracted and inattentive, after which she unloads weeks/months of built up problems that have been exaggerated and distorted by the passing time.

Edit: She really does seem ENTJ. She's got the ENTJ get-shit-done-right-fucking-now tendency along with everything else. I've always seen her as ENTJ, but the emphasis on emotions in our communication has always seemed so far removed from what I would have expected.&gt; when an ENTJ grows emotionally cold in an inferior Fi grip 

It gets intense. We've gotten a lot better, but our first few big fights were *rough.* I'd never been subjected to anything quite that downright vicious before.

It blew my mind that what I strongly consider completely innocent banter, for-fun-debates full of typical INTJ vacuum-environment thought experiments, or *playful* strawman-esque joke jabs, would end up being revealed as such abominable offenses several weeks later that it justified such mean comments.It's such a good relationship 98% of the time. I'd marry her tomorrow if it wasn't for the fact that I get broken up with for 12 hours every couple months over something like... oh, accidentally texting her and asking how she was doing, even though her masters program was having finals and she had asked me the week prior not to pester her if she seemed stressed. Except it was literally just a "hey how's it going?" text on a break at work, after an entire morning of no communication, because I wanted to chat/see what she was up to. This was then *aggressively refused* as a valid excuse for accidentally disobeying her casual one-off request the previous week to not question her if she seemed stressed out.

I honestly don't know what to do with that. If I had simply caught her an hour later, when she wasn't as stressed, or after she had eaten, I'm sure it wouldn't have been interpreted that way at all, but alternative viewpoints are never entertained as per the established policy &amp; rule book. 

The relationship works, and works really fucking well, but our arguments are always about shit like that. I do something that is misinterpreted, I try to genuinely explain moral intent, get told moral intent is *completely invalid and beside the point.* Then I'm required to submit, apologize, and not present a single differing opinion about the situation, because "that's what you're supposed to do," and "feelings." There is zero room for any opposition to this. There is no agree-to-disagree. If I dare to argue against the rule book, I'm out on the street.

Were really good right now, and I'd love to go back to thinking about proposing like I was a couple months ago, but it's becoming a vaguer feeling with each passing blowup, and it kills.&gt;Like, what does she "what you're supposed to do" is? What would your ideal conflict resolution (following a misunderstanding) look like?

If she has a problem with something, I'm supposed to immediately drop everything and apologize for causing the ensuing emotions, with a firm ban on anything else, including attempts at problem solving.

For me, moral intent of, and/or the circumstances that lead to the decision/action is really important. When others have done me wrong, the cognitive empathy regarding the process that lead to that moment in time is integral to my understanding and forgiveness, so I default to this.

For her, it's completely beside the point and incredibly *offensive* that someone would even attempt to explain that they had nothing but the best intentions, because it's interpreted in black and white as excuse-making apologia, regardless of whether a genuine apology was delivered regarding unintended effects.

I realize there's a fine line here for most people when it comes to apologies, but IMO hers has minimal-to-no amount of grey allowed. My lack of experience with therapeutic environments is abused as a way to shut down alternative viewpoints I may have about conflict resolution.

From my perspective it basically comes down to "I have emotions, you need to address them. Any thoughts you have about this are null and void, because I'm the one who emoted, and these are the only acceptable terms. I know better because you're [INTJ] and lack therapy experience."


EDIT:

&gt; Is she perceiving your explanation (of moral intent) as an invalidation of her feelings, or excuse-making, or...? Would she prefer you don't share your misunderstood moral intent at all?

Yes, and yes.

I really try not to these days, but it's my hard-coded default, and my own personal preference for other people, so its a hard habit to break. Also there have been instances that are just so very absurd, like the "How's it going?" texting example I gave, that it's really hard to maintain the required shut-up-and-put-up on these occasions.

That particular example was explicitly painted as me "not caring" about her masters workload, and "not respecting" her enough to follow her casual request from the week prior, as if I had actually known she was stressing at that very moment and repeatedly asked her "whats wrong?" "whats going on?" "why are you stressed out?" "whats going on?" ---when all I did was say "Hey!" after not chatting all morning.Thanks for the response! The comments here and things I'm finding online do seem to indicate a more raw emotional side to ENTJ than I always expected, so I'm guessing she's indeed typed correctly in spite of my initial doubts.

As for ENFJ, I've always found the ones in my life to be hilariously sardonic and secretly nihilistic, while still overtly warm. I'm a big fan.  :)Thanks for your input.   You're INFP?

So do you feel like its a constant battle to figure out exactly what he wants from an argument/discussion? Like there's some sort of rule book you haven't been privy to?

I skimmed some of your other comments about ENTJ and they all sound so familiar.INTJ here.

Current SO of one year has tested a couple times as ENTJ, is often very cold, curt, and logical about most things, but when it comes to our relationship "emotions" are a pretty big issue. My straightforwardness when delivering critique or alternative options in problem situations is often met with righteous indignation and seriously hurt feelings. She also has diagnosed [Avoidant Attachment Disorder](http://i.imgur.com/3q4Ua6m.jpg), which may be complicating type indication.

It's very often an issue that when a problem presents itself I immediately jump to problem solving and logical next steps instead of stopping to "acknowledge emotions and empathizing with [her] feelings first." To me this feels like it would be an ENFJ's preferred protocol, and *"protocol"* is an incredibly apt phrasing to describe her rigidly established communication expectations.

This could be due to the fact that her family has had a therapists since she was quite young; she's been trained in therapy-style communication for over two decades now and our fights often occur when I'm (unsurprisingly) unaware of how issues are "supposed to be worked through." This seems like a pretty standard INTJ failing, but I feel like it should still mesh better with true ENTJ than it seems to. 

She also gets really offended quite easily by things most people wouldn't; being lightly interrupted in conversation by someone else adding to a comment, being corrected or disagreed with by service workers, and if *anyone* ever says "that's not what happened" or suggests she's wrong about a series of events, they are immediately ~~accused~~ *convicted* of "gaslighting."

Otherwise she's quite ENTJ in the way she views the world; logic and fact over gut feelings, skeptical, atheist, existentialist, somewhat cold and indifferent to most others who aren't close friends ---but so very personally *sensitive.*

I was raised by an entire family of Feeler women and have never been so repeatedly confronted about my argumentation style or thought processes; is this emotionally-sensitive ENTJ, or just more logic-fact-oriented ENFJ with an Attachment Disorder?

----------------------------------------------------------------

TL;DR: "ENTJ" is exceedingly emotionally sensitive, and emotion-focused, but otherwise pretty ENTJ.  Is this actually just ENFJ with [Avoidant Attachment Disorder](http://i.imgur.com/3q4Ua6m.jpg)?Real world INTJs bother the fuck out of me. It's all of my weird flaws mirrored back at me and they're obsessed with all the wrong things.
The INTJ one doesn't feel super inaccurate, but I'm personally more stressed out by people making avoidable mistakes and loud crowds.I don't like movies nearly as much as TV. My preference in TV is almost entirely towards comedy. 30 Rock, Always Sunny, Arrested Development, American Dad, Veep, Drawn Together, Bojack Horseman, Bob's Burgers, Lady Dynamite. Comedy is the best tool we have to talk about the deeper issues of life, so I see them as super useful there. Absurdity expands your realm of thought.

I also like epic fantasy, but that really only expresses itself through Game of Thrones and The Last Airbender. True crime and nature docs are also almost always a hit.

I guess I like things that are either metaphors for real life or literally real life.Ni is like Taoism. Everything is somehow united by a core, underlying principle.Intj, grew up atheist, eventually filled in the spiritual holes of my life with (philosophical) Taoism.[This](https://sites.google.com/site/worldreligionspersonalitytypes/taoism-and-new-age) page does a really good job explaining this idea.Awkward. Had friends from various different groups, mostly the alternative kids and the drama nerds. Did well in classes and wasn't bullied like in middle school. I'd been out since the first day of freshman year, and that was not any kind of limiting social factor, but I was pretty obnoxious and that kept me from really thriving socially. Anything involving collaboratively crafting creative ideas. Writer, producer, teacher, actor.Liz Lemon. And day cheese.I already knew it.Well...That was said by an INTJ. Take it with a block of salt.Love learning, love school.It really was. The downside is that outside of school, without the system in place, it's really hard to motivate myself.Likes: Humor, sarcasm, not taking things too seriously/literally, bouncing ideas off one another, talking about big picture ideas.

Dislikes: Too many people/too much noise, oversensitivity/overemotionality/self-righteousness, moving on from an idea before it has been fully explored.The One True Perspective that can be named is not the True One True Perspective.Was raised atheist, am now Daoist (depending on if you want to consider it a religion or philosophy, either way it's metaphysics). I just found myself agreeing with Daoist teachings so much, but the catch was, they all resonated with me separately before I really delved into Daoism. Then, when I looked back it was like "Holy shit, I've been a Daoist my whole life and not realized it." The point of Daoism is essentially (take this with all the grains of salt) that no one can understand the world ("the Dao that can be named is not the eternal Dao"). Daoism is such a perfect lens for the world for me; it's humbling in its depth and breadth, and yet simplifies the world into something I can work with. 

There is no true good or evil, there simply is. Do what is needful, and act without trying to act. It's beautiful.

I don't understand it, which is true about everything else in the world. But I am so glad to have a philosophy that thrives in paradox and riddles.Ursula LeGuin.Would never have thought to describe myself as coy, but after double checking its definition, damn if it don't fit.Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 has a great ENTP female lead.Oh god, no wonder I don't think Kant makes much sense.&gt; I have heard that ENFJs and INTPs make a good relationship.

I know this couple. They're just ALWAYS flipping each other shit. It's great.INTJ wants the big picture, the flavor, the soul of the creation.

INTP wants the nitty-gritty, the mechanics, the inherent logic of the creation.It's not that you can't do it, but from working creatively with my INTP friend, each of us has much more of a propensity towards what I posted.Yeah, that's a good way to think of it. INTP starts with underlying mechanics and builds the big picture, INTJ starts with the big picture then goes back for the mechanics.Earns about as much as an ISTJ? That's a good one.Possibilities vs probabilities.I have like, none. Vague blasts of concepts more than images.I've noticed, both in myself and other Ni-doms, the tendency to move not to the next topic, but one four or five down the line.Cheese.&gt;  they are the most inconsiderate types next to INTJs.

Rude.Ursula LeGuin is an INTJ.UNspoiled Harry Potter. Essentially a book club where one of the hosts has already read the books and the other hasn't. The rapport is just great, and I fuckin love me some HP."I talk about the gods, I am an atheist. But I am an artist too, and therefore a liar. Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth." ~Ursula LeGuinlol talk to more of us. Incoherent sentences are our bread and butter, because there are going to be so many goddamn layers stacked on top of each other that shit loops around from being clever to crap allllll the time.INTJ Ravenclaw. Sometimes people guess Slytherin, but my curiosity WAY outweighs my ambition.INTJs aren't actually that neat though. Our organization is typically a bit more theoretical.For example, my favorite joke from 30 Rock is Jack telling Liz to lay off the hystrionics, and Liz responds with "*her*strionics". It's such a smart joke all in one word.1. Harry Potter (just too much nostalgia for it to be anything else)
2. LotR (best quality)
3. Star Trek (some TNG episodes are cool)
4. Star Wars (only redeeming factor is Ewan McGregor)

INTJNi and Ne doms are super easy for me to spot.We make the same weird jokes.Not incels, at least.No, I'm pretty sure it's more correct as is. Trust me.&gt; Jenna Maroney(30 Rock)

Goodbye forever, you factory reject dildo.INTJs delegate.1. Overly fond of lists.I *have* always related to Tony.Oh thank god, one that doesn't make me feel terrible.This is one thing I've really come to recognize about myself. I've gained a reputation of being "always right" among my friends, and there's always some good-hearted mocking when it ends up I'm wrong. It's really just because I'm not going to be arguing a point I'm not certain of. I always try to qualify my statements appropriately with my level of certainty, but if I'm *sure* of something I'm going to be pretty matter-of-fact about how certain I am.If I'm debating something, I had better have so thorough an understanding of it that I wouldn't need prep time for my argument.Be direct. We'll either completely miss or completely overthink clues or hints.

If he's telling you he enjoys talking to you, I think that means you're good to go. Good conversation is absolutely one of the most important things to us.He's got good taste in dudes. And their legs. I heartily approve.Yas, queen!
Depends on the context of the conversation. If it's something time critical, a phone call would be required. If it's nothing important, a text is fine.When you take an MBTI quiz, do you always end up with random traits all over the place? Or do you consistently end up with certain values? It's hard to imagine being so varied and inconsistent in your methods of thinking between tests that you cannot figure out the majority of your types.Your version of fun and his version of fun are vastly different things it seems. I recommend figuring out what his version of fun is, and see where yours overlaps.* **Are you a good driver?**  
I would have to say yes.  

* **Do you enjoy driving?**  
I love driving! (I enjoy cars for the most part, they aren't just a means to get from Point A to Point B)  

* **Do you tend to daydream while driving or are you very much in the moment?**  
I sometimes daydream while driving, but it's nothing unsafe or highly distracting.  

* **Do you have to have music playing while you're driving or do you prefer to drive in silence?**  
I am always listening to music.  

* **Do you get road rage easily?**  
Not really, annoyed from other people, but we all have our moments. Now if the rude drivers want to be in a rush, so be it, if they get into an accident, then that's entirely on them.  

* **What's your MBTI type?**  
INTJ  

EDIT: A [Google Forms](https://www.google.com/forms/about/) poll would yield a summary of responses much, much faster.Excuse the INTJ in me, it's a more efficient process, but may not be as enjoyable haha.I have to add that INTJs and ENTJs are very very similar. The Introversion/Extroversion difference is one of the easiest things to cross over compared to all the other traits that affect much deeper thought processes.They're hyperboles of the smaller nuances of these types.Can confirm for INTJ, American Horror Story and Silence of the Lambs are great thrillers.**INTJ**

* Self
* Nature
* Logic/MathHave you considered the possibility that this behavior might stem from FLEAS?FLEAS is the term for picking up narcissistic tendencies from being in close proximity to a full blown narcissist. Akin to the saying: "Lie down with dogs and you are bound to get fleas"

Your scenario can be translated a multitude of different ways. I mentioned FLEAS because those two individuals could potentially live with an SO or were raised by parents with narcissistic tendencies. They could simply be immature and behave that way when they are together.

Exact behaviors do not directly correlate to an MBTI type. Are you sure they are INTJs? (The fact that I am an INTJ does not mean I am defending their actions just because of the identical type) They could be an entirely different type and still behave in that fashion because of other factors.Hm, hit or miss with many of these. But I guess that's what stereotypes are for. Not everyone's the same.They just sound like poor leaders to me. If they can't accept feedback from the people they are working with, then they are beyond reasoning. Which also leads me to believe they are either relatively immature, or definitely not ENTJ/INTJ.Whenever I get into visualizing something, I get really detailed with what something may look like in my head, how a scenario would play out, or what steps I'd need to take to achieve something. It sometimes gets bad if I'm driving and this happens as I sort of space out as most of my focus goes into what's playing out in my mind.

If I'm by myself, and I need to figure out steps to do something, I will totally talk to myself in terms of saying what's on my mind at that moment.Literally /r/iamverysmartINTJ here, I realized I was my type when I first took an MBTI test a few years back. Every single test since has always placed me squarely within INTJ.

What's this got to do with connecting though? Are you asking how do INTJs connect with other people?Well, what's your type?I can agree that INTJ generally equates to being highly independent. But whether or not that's based on my type or simply the direction my life has taken me to is up for debate.¯\\_(ツ)_/¯

I guess it's a mix of what life throws at you and how you've come to respond to it.[More data analysis](http://imgur.com/a/Aa7q1)I take it there's something else going on here that a lot of us are unaware of?Illuminating indeedDoes weight lifting count as a sport?

I am not good at math and only tolerate it when it comes to programming.

And my room is controlled chaos.I start from one end and work my way to the other. The weight stays on the side I always pick up the tray from, so that tray isn't going anywhere.F to the INxx's that have to work in the food industry tbh.
Now you're on target.  Now if you could only make that funny.  The original post isn't funny at all as it is way off target.Agree 100%.  And since it's not INTJ, it's not funny.The online IQ test thing is too low for my score. :)  What does it mean?  It means I can take a test.  IQ tests don't really tell how smart someone is and being logically smart doesn't necessarily equate with success.I've moved on to apatheist.  People have to lose religion on their own.  The horse has to lead themselves to water.My INTJ brain with this ability helps me "think outside the box".

Many problems we encounter are because the system is set up incorrectly.  INTJ's are definitely systems thinkers.

Examples:

Gay marriage: Religious people don't want gays to marry.  Gay people want to get married.  Quite the dilemma.  System is wrong.  Why is the government involved with marriage in the first place?  (to keep white people from marrying minorities; edit: in previous years)  The problem is actually created by the government interference.  Civil unions for all (for the purpose of property rights) and leave marriage to the churches. 

Hobby Lobby and birth control: Hobby Lobby didn't want to cover birth control for its employees.  The employees of course wanted birth control.  Why are companies providing healthcare for their employees in the first place? (WWII, blah blah blah, is the reason, look it up)  Are companies providing healthcare to their employees like the employees being some kind of slaves?  The solution is to do away with employer-provided healthcare and either make health insurance a free market where individuals can buy their own insurance (using the additional income their employers give them when the employer no longer provides health insurance) or go to single-payer national health insurance.

Sometimes the system is just wrong and has to be changed.

Probably explains why I'm an atheist and libertarian.More than anything, I believe that my personal beliefs should be free of conflict.  My thoughts on multiple subjects must fit together as an integrated whole.  Many will likely say this is impossible, but I disagree for the most part.  It's not my personal beliefs that drive my thoughts.  Quite the contrary.   It's my thoughts that drive my personal beliefs.  I do not make assertions without backing them up.  I don't blindly believe things because I've been taught things that way.  I investigate my beliefs and if they can't be supported by evidence, I change my beliefs.

Some situations can't be easily be solved, but they can definitely be reduced.  Abortion is one of them.  Many people that are "pro-life" are actually "pro-birth" and really don't care for what happens to the mother and child after the child is born.  They're also anti birth control and anti sex eduction making the problem much worse.  Abortion could definitely be reduced.

I think this is one of the fundamental things that separate INTJs and INTPs.  INTPs investigate all sorts of things, but seem to want to leave topics open.  INTJs don't.  INTJs investigate all sorts of things sufficiently to come to a conclusion and make a decision.

Edit: I'm 47 and it has taken me decades to arrive to this point.

LOL!  I'm INTJ and have an ISTP wife.  I am completely unable to navigate while driving.  I like to blame it on me talking with my wife, but the truth is I just zone out and forget where I'm going.  My wife always knows where we are though.Do NTP's not have that gut instinct?  My gut usually knows what to do.  I may not be able to explain how I know what choice to make or direction to go, but my gut usually knows.  I've learned to trust my gut over the years.

[The Pit In Your Stomach is Actually Your Second Brain](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-fallible-mind/201701/the-pit-in-your-stomach-is-actually-your-second-brain)
I realize Democrat isn't really an ideology. That's why I asked for "affiliation" in that question. Though, perhaps it would have been more appropriate to title the survey "Political Affiliation and Personality Type". My mistake. 
And I just put in the most popular political parties for that question about the affiliation. 
I decided not to add a "not vote" option in order to try more of any possible correlation between the personalities and political preferences. Even the people who don't want to vote probably have a person they would prefer over the others. "Lesser of two evils", and such.
Thanks for the suggestion and thanks, presumably, for your response on the survey!I hadn't thought about that at all. Now I wish I had put in a question like that so I could split the results up, but at this point it's too late.

Thanks so much for bringing it up. I will touch on that fact in the presentation I will inevitably have to make. Hey, OP here. If anyone has any ideas for other sites to post this survey that would be greatly appreciated. It pretty skewed right now for democrats so I'm looking for sites that you think would be pretty even regarding democrat-republican. Just so it doesn't skew too much more. Thanks for any help.
ESFP. 
When Jon and Sansa came to Bear Island, she didn't treat them like if they were Starks, member of the ancestral House that ruled the North for thousands of years, but for what they are : people asking for help. [Se]

She didn't come to their help because that was the right thing to do, she came when it made sense for her to risk the lives of her men, when Davos made her understand that a united North will protect Bear Island from the White Walkers. [Fi]
Also the fact that she couldn't hide her disgust in front of a despicable scum like Ramsay or the fact that, without considering the law, she claimed for all to hear that as far as she's concerned, Jon may be a bastard, but he is a Stark and her King. [Fi]

The way she speaks is carefully articulated. A leads to B. 
"1. a) Lord Manderly. Your son was butchered at the Red Wedding. Still, you refused the call. 
b) Lord Glover. Your House has served the Starks for hundred of generations, yet, in their most dire hour, you refused the call. 
c) Lord Cerwyn. Your father was skinned alive by Ramsay Bolton. Yet, you refused the call !
2. House Mormont remembers. The North remembers !
3. Jon is my King. " [Te]

The fact that she is young and needs the maester to whisper her informations so she can form a better picture of all the implications of what's going on. Children lack perspectives. 
Also, her honorable decision to fight with an out-numbered army would have terribly backfired, without the last minute and unpredictable save by the Knights of the Vale. [Inferior Ni]


Don't confuse the MBTI with its stereotypes. Badass and bossy doesn't equal ENTJ. Ti
Te
Fe
Fi
Si
Se
Ni
NeAnd why is it that ? ESFPs are supposed to be party animals smiling all the time ? Come on. I see no other elaborate guess. If stereotypes about MBTI is what you like, you should check out Thought Catalog. Yeah, totally screwed this at the end. I made the heresy to link Si with memory, when the mnemonic device of the Mind Palace is a perfect analogy of Ni !I thought I was an INTP because that's what said several times the test on 16personalities. (I know...)
Everything in the descriptions I red seemed to fit, good and bad, and it was scary but enlightning. Even to this day, knowing that it's nothing more than a whole bunch of cold reading, broad statements that apply to everyone and used by con-men to give the victim the feeling to be understood, I still don't know how they pulled this off, but I had the feeling there was something worth digging. 
Turns out, learning about the theory and the cognitive functions, I don't think like an INTP at all. I use none of their functions ! The first to go down was Fe, I couldn't care less about social harmony and I don't seek validation from others but seek deep connections and spend a great deal to dissect emotions (Fi). 
Etc. The biggest discovery was discovering the definition of Ni. That is just what I do all the time, first and foremost : I always see things like an omniscient narrator, in and out, from every angle, all the ramifications in the past and the future. It has nothing to do with logic like Ti, it's almost mystical, too subjective, a poetic way of seeing the world. Which is why I don't understand how most INTJs online seem so... dry. Nietzsche, an archetypal INTJ, is the most allegoric philosopher you'll find, his Thus Spake Zarathustra is as much a work of art as a brilliant insight on ideas. 
I'm INTJ, no doubt about it now. The INTPness is explained because I need to develop my Te.Excellent insight on Stannis ! People are so wrong about the Mannis. Also I can't stand that most think he's going to lose to the Boltons just like in the show (whose death was just so that Kit Harrington, more popular, could take his storyline). 
The Mannisfesto of Cantuse, that's what will happen ! Reading those brillant essays felt like a summary of Winds. Stannis is one of the only general able to defeat a man as cautious, intelligent and ruthless as Roose Bolton. The Battle of the Bastards was good to see, but so dumb in retrospective, but I can't help myself to shiver thinking about how epic the Battle for the North is gonna be. ...ISTJs, ISTJs everywhere...
Regarding my Te, I think it's because until recently my life has been so easy. Everything went so smoothly, I almost had no effort to do to see the outcome I wanted. But I think getting to college fucked me up. It's always a challenge in itself but I made the matter worse by having a major shift in my course. 
I got sick during my first year of Law and had an epiphany : I want to save lives. What I had was not a big deal, but still my life was suddenly "on hold" and thinking of others with serious diseases, especially the ones with no known treatement was unbearable. 
So I'm gonna have a ph.D in Biology and do scientific research. The only problem is that, in France, you have to choose carefully your orientation in high school (Scientific, Economic or the one I took, Literary) according to your future cursus, because the emphasis on the classes is not the same in every section. 
So here I am : I was always the best of my class and now I'm the last one. I found my call but I wasn't formed for it. I have to work my ass off but I don't know how because I never had to. 
So I knew what to do, but I had to much to deal with and drowned a little. You used the word "observer" and that´s how I coped at first : I froze. I relied on the only thing left I was good at : to see. Without doing anything, because the mountain was so high that every step seemed vain. 
But that's over now. Te is the way for me and I learn to use it. Kuddos to you, when circonstances aren't ideal, you have to deploy a tremendous energy just to balance them out and some more to bend events your way.
Thanks for your input ! Even if I came to this realization myself, but the MBTI and its cognitive functions allows us to articulate thoughts about ourselves, vague even with the vocabulary of psychology, to see clearly where we stand or help others to do so. 
I won't say my problem sounds easy now when considering the help of Ni, because life is dynamic, but it is certainly a great asset, but I'm finally willing to put to use this advantage with the outlet of Te. 
You'll thank me later when you'll have more time to enjoy your life of billionaire. INTJ, Slytherin, Horned Serpent. 
Gosh, I'm so tired of my love for every frickin personality sorting. ISFJ. 
Your remark about the calming effect of the photograph. [Si] I just checked it, saw what it was, sunset reflecting on water, symetry in the composition, beautiful but not truly interesting, I closed the tab even before it was fully loaded [I use Se]. I like sunsets but photos of them makes me roll my eyes. Like Oscar Wilde, the appreciation of them is so... Provencial. 
Your reaction when the hypothetical car broke screams Fe. You remember that it's supposed to be a night-out between friends and it's usually during situations like this that people clash, so it's considerate of you to make sure it doesn't happen, while considering everything or everyone you know that might have a solution [Si]Sorry, I forgot a few words but edited it. I was talking about your response about the car breaking on the way to a concert. You said you'd make sure to get everyone's opinion, make sure everyone is involved and that there is no hard feelings. That's typical Fe, caring about social harmony.

On a side note, you also told that you doubt that your friends would even make an ignorant statements, in an other question. My ex was an ISFJ, and her group of friends was a bit like yours, considerate to not say something that might upset someone while also being a brash statement in the first place. So I wonder if Fe dominants seek the company of others Fe dominants. On the other hand, my group of friends, mainly ENFPs, INFPs and an ENTP, is always caught up in heated debates that look like arguments, it's a harsh way of expressing ourselves that doesn't translate well when we do it wIth other people. ENFJ ? You seem friendly and clever.Fi-dom, INFP ?ESFJ ?
Also, I see the exact same haircut on both pictures.ENTPENTP, the clever cheating bastard type.
EDIT : Well, you did that so we can't cheat, but youknowwhatimsayin.INFJ
(Thanks Vatimus)ENFPIt's always funny to see people realize they're colorblind.If a friend just confessed out of the blue that he killed someone without decent reasons, with no guilt whatsoever, and no clear intention to never do it again, I'll tell him to stop saying nonsense and that pulling shit like that is not funny. Then I'll call the cops when I'll be alone and see that he gets psychological help.

If a friend calls me freaked out and I discover a body on his floor, I would tell him to calm down and to explain to me everything. If it was an accident, self-defense, or with mitigated circumstances like if he just learned that the dead guy had raped his little sister for years or what, I'll help him to clean the mess and get rid of the body.I don't believe in absolutes. I don't think ending a life is a deed that must always be considered evil and deserves to be punished, but I don't think I would do anything out of love for my friends and family either. 

In the first situation, it's simple. The guy deserves to be held responsible for his crime and removed from society because he's dangerous. But the second situation is more complicated. In front of one of your friend in a difficult situation, you do what you can to help him. It's safe to consider that his sentence would be merciful but maybe not, so why put him through that when no good can come from this ? The deed is done, so no need to destroy the life of your friend for one mistake or for killing a piece of shit. I think information and experience are the same thing, because what is reality if not a tremendous set of data that we are able to perceive ? Information is just a small sample of it, that is usually enough to deduce the whole thing. Which is why a physicist can accuretly predict the trajectory of a celestial object with the right datas without ever laying his eyes on it.
Ni and Si are in that respect indeed very similar. As an INTJ, I just have no problem to put credence on informations alone to deduce accurate insight about reality, but Si-users prefer to ground their thoughts on more solid basis (what they experienced themselves, what already happened).INTJ : The whole way was seen, before the first step.**ESFJ**. You use in that order Fe, Si, Ne, Ti.

**Fe**:

"It makes **everyone** uncomfortable to be around someone who's grouchy and upset."
"I really like someone who makes **everyone** feel included"
You care about social harmony and you're annoyed when someone jeopardize that.

Follows **Si**. Your remark about the smell of your classmates that you find offputting and kinda makes you hate him, or the fact that you can't help to think of your situation when you hear feminists or african american activists.

**Ne**
That was also obvious. You talk in a stream of conciousness, use the word "boring" often, can't sit through to do something tedious for long, take the time to imagine alternative scenarios (what if I was woman ? what if I was black ? This girl likes me ? this can happen, and this, this, etc)

**Ti**
Here comes your reputation of a smart Alec. It's your more childish-like function, you can't help to use it when you loudly state inconsistencies.

As INTJ, I would have simply perceived the smell for what it is (Se), but you couldn't help yourself to state your impression of it, "gross", "like 1000 dead fish bathed in baby diapers" and that is Si, your focus is more on your perception of the stimulus instead of the stimulus itself. And then I'll connect the dots with my Ni and extrapolate, saying that this guy doesn't care about the negative way he can be seen by others, he doesn't care about his smell, just like he doesn't care to seem stupid if he can do something funny.

I'm fairly certain I've narrowed down the functions from what you told us, but I might be wrong on the order actually. You could be an ENTP or an ISFJ. I went for ESFJ because you seem really in touch with your Fe (an ENTP, not that much) and with your Ne (the inferior function of an ISFJ, but you use it too much).Yes, I was trying to say that I think information and experience are the same thing, which is why as an Ni-dom, I don't mind working with informations alone, but an Si-user wouldn't even agree with my prerequisite, or even if he agrees in that respect that Ni and Si are similar, maybe it's just a matter of preference, for information as an Ni-user and for experience as a Si-user.I see, then you're probably an ENTP. It fits better. With the precision you just added and my realization that I thought you were an Fe-dom just because that's the first function I've seen in you makes my ESFJ guess bogus.
Read as much as you can on this type, don't pay attention when it's just a bunch of stereotypes but when it's concerned to explain how all your functions interact.

For starter, Michael Pierce videos are usually insighful. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_-4ybKPxjE)You're welcome. I was genuine, passive-agression is for sissies.Sometimes I wish I was the ESFP I would probably have been.

The way I see it, I was a wild child, always out, a real daredevil and extremely social and popular, but in the same time, I red a lot and had a vivid imagination. Also, I'm pretty sure mental abilities wise, I was already as intelligent as I am now, by just immature because I was a child of course.
The defining thing that crystalised my personality may seem incredibly trivial, but it's my teeth. I still have a bad set of teeth because I didn't brush them often when I was a kid.

In the middle of Junior High School, when I began to be interested in girls, I realized how dumb I had been, but you don't suddenly take back years of negligence. So I shut down a little, ashamed by my teeth, I stopped talking that much, so that I don't disgust the people in front of me by opening my mouth.
I deal with it better now, but this is the reason why I started to less interact with the world and fell back on my strenghts, spending whole days reading and thinking.

The funny thing is that I'm handsome, when considering how women look at me in the street or when drunk girls usually come to say that to me without a hello first or what. So I'm constantly reminded what I wasted and I sometimes wish I could get back in time and slap in the face my younger self so that I brush my bloody teeth. If I had, I would probably have an easier and happier life. I would probably be shallow and I don't know who's the luckiest : this alternate Rogojinen in bed with 2 models or the one I am today, a deep and interesting guy on his way to get a ph.D in Biology ?

~~^The ^former ^of ^course, ^because ^hitting ^MOOOOOODELS !~~

EDIT : That fucker probably have a ph.D anyway.I've got absolutly nothing to add to the discussion but this game and your depiction of it was awesome.I totally get why you are the one saying that. I meant that we see a possible outcome and do our best to implement it, but in the same time, are puzzled by the tediousness of doing step by step something we already entirely digested. A gift and a first-world problem at the same time. I'll look into it, thanks. 
On my journey to type myself, when I had narrowed down my function (Ni, Te, Fi, Se), I wondered if I was an ESFP, because I still share a fair amount of their behaviour, but I simply don't function like they do, I'm way too distracted to be an Se-dom. 

On the other side, I have an Enneagram Type 7, common for ESFPs rather than INTJs. But the Enneagram is focused on core motivations, not how the mind works. I want to make the most out of life, not to gather knowledge for the sake of it, I just gather it to that end through studying Biology. First, let´s assume that I wouldn't be the only one with a super power. 

1) Empathic mimicry. The ability of Peter Petrelli in Heroes, to mimic the powers of others, acquiring powers by simply being near someone. Regeneration, telekinesis, pre-cognition... Gotta catch'em all !

2) Link.

3) 5, neutral. It's difficult to tell how a being this powerful would act. I would do some good but in the same time, I would certainly have some fun or whatever I want when I want it. 

4) 6, Kinda selfish. Not the 5 to 9 vigilante, I'd go on heroic campaigns to end wars or fight a powerful foe threatening all mankind, then I'd take some vacations. 

5) 2, I would use my shapeshifting ability when I want to be on my own, but I think I would like to be known in the world of gifted people as one of the most powerful. 

6) No costume, but like for my powers, several. Who would want to wear the same outfit all the time ?Superheroes couldn't do a thing against you, you would be the perfect nemesis to my Empathetic mimicry but what about conventionnal means ? You can't conquer the world since any redneck could just shoot you in the gut.What is upvoted may never die. But rises again, higher and stronger. I agree even the description of your creative process is Ne, even if you don't realize it. Shame, PF. I'm not an emotionless cunt. Actually, I like to discuss in depth my emotions and those of others from every point of view, every nuances to find the truth of it, so much that my interlocutor is usually sick of it.
Rationals put their feelings under the microscope and dissect them, that is actually the opposite of not having them at all, it is a deep interest for something that allows us to dig in it instead of just experience it.INTJ male, 22.
I'm extremely open and I have no problem to take my pleasure every time ; I'm also pretty good to help my partner to let go of her inhibitions too.

As for the kinky part per se, I'm curious about it and I'm sure I'd enjoy some high-class lingerie and S&amp;M stuff but for now I'm not in hurry, I'll try it when I'll be that intimate with someone, and the basic and rough stuff clearly does the job actually.&gt;What is your MBTI type?

**INTJ**.

&gt;What is your instinctual subtype?

7w8, **sx/sp**

&gt;What do you know about your "lower two" functions? How do you relate to them? What is your experience with them? How has your relation to them changed over time?

I'd like to think that my **Fi** is pretty good and I use it often. I can usually define precisely what I feel at the moment, about something, about someone, and I think that's where the need for deep connections for Fi-user comes from, I'm just eager to know someone else this well, to have access to a complete range of new emotions, another complete "assessement of existence" by a human being.
**Se** : *insert textbook portrait of Extroverted Sensing as the Inferior Function*You guys always forget to explain what you did in detail while Mr. Bond is at your mercy, so he never has the occasion to set free. That's not very nice. Te can't be her inferior function. [Remember those detailed lists with her plan ?](http://imgur.com/a/UvI1T) She's to proficient at it.
I see her as an INTJ. Ni, check. Te, check. Fi, check, Se, check.
[A typing of her as INTJ](http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/120284079363/gone-girl-amy-dunne-intj)

She's not an Fe-user either just because she manipulates people. They were just items on a list, actions that needed to be done. That's rational, not emotional.INTJ. 
**Friedrich Nietzsche**. Destroyed every rotten or flawed notions he could find and had a surprisingly optimistic outlook on life. His *Thus Spake Zarathustra* is truly inspiring. FLCL stands for ?Anime/Manga (can I ?) :

**The Monogatari Series** (*Kizumonogatari, Nekomonogatari, Bakemonogatari, Nisemonogatari, Monogarati Second season, Hanamonogatari, Tsukimonogatari, Owarimonogatari*)
This is simply one of the best things I've seen in my life. The photography is wonderful and every conclusion of arc is so profound. A guy helps girls possessed or becoming oddities, physical manifestation of a negative emotion, a struggle in their life. It's extremely funny but the next second it will have a depth usually found in a novel. 

The Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi
Attack on Titan
Mirai Nikki (*THE twist to end all twists*)
Gantz (manga), (so intense)
Tokyo Ghoul
Psycho-Pass
Erased
One-Punch Man
Battle Royale
D.Gray Man
*JoJo's Bizarre Adventures*, the manga, the best shônen series, hands down
Death Note
Kangoku Gakuen
Sakamoto Desu Ga ?
BTOOOM!
Fullmetal Alchemist
Detective Academy Q ( The best detective anime of all time !)Sold. I'm beginning to be a decent player, as in I can kick the ass of every casual players but I'm still a newby within those into chess.

We were on par with my ENFP best friend but he told me he has the edge because he red books about it, openings, defenses and stuff. He's a fascinating opponent whose moves always surprised me and with that solid basis, he is deadly.
I didn't and still don't study the game per se but I regularly play on [lichess](https://en.lichess.org/), a great website where you can choose the level of your contenders and that gives an analysis of your game. I learn a lot on the field, see where I fucked up, rewatch the game and find out I could have taken his Queen or Checkmate, google the name of the opening I used without knowing, etc.

I mostly rely on intuition. Before it was unconscious and impulsive but now it's actually positive. I've played enough to see some patterns repeat themselves and I know what to do about it.

If any beginner/intermediate player wants a chess buddy, I'm it, baby : [I'm the storm, my lord. The first and the last.](https://fr.lichess.org/@/Thelastorm)You explained pretty well Matt Murdock's use of Fi, but I think this struggle is too proeminent in his character to be his tertiary function. Rather than an INTJ, I think he's an ESFP. Due to his hightened senses, he uses Se all the time : he listens to people's hearbeat when talking to them to see if they lie, he can't sleep on anything else than silk sheets because cotton feels like sandpaper to him, his astounding reflexes, etc. It can't be his inferior function.

Anyway, it's fascinating to see two examples of a similar situation, but with opposite underlying cognitives processes.Note that INTJs and ESFPs share the same functions but in a different order : Ni, Te, Fi, Se ; Se, Fi, Te, Ni.

I must disagreee, Se is exactly the awareness of exterior stimuli, objects or events apprehended by the senses. You clearly watched and understood the show, so I'm surprised that you don't realize that this is his dominant function.
Then comes Fi, his struggle to do the right thing is at the core of his character arc, can he really stop criminals without abandoning his strong ethics and respect for human life ?

No real exemple for Te, but I guess he uses it to articulate his pleedings, and they are brilliant because he also grounds them with depth and accuracy (Fi) and he always adjusts himself to find the perfect tone to convince the audience by paying attention to their reaction (Se).

For Ni as his inferior, I think it's clear when he is outraged and concerned when Karen puts herself in danger and that he doesn't realize how hypocrite he is to tell her not to, when he's the one fist-fighting gangsters with Uzis every night, bare-handed. His apprehension of reality in the present is so vivid that he has trouble to put things in perspective.Indeed, but Se, Si, Ne and Ni are perceiving functions when Fi, Fe, Te, Ti are judging functions ; the former used to perceive data and the latter to process it.

Faced with an object, Si for exemple is concerned by its own perception in the presence of it, "It makes me uncomfortable", "I heard that before", etc. Se takes it at face value : it's a creepy music box, period.Well, I think Se begins with the sensory awareness of the object then take it at face value. It puts the emphasis in the act of observing. Like in the famous bit where Sherlock Holmes says to Watson "You see, but you don't observe." Se is an active perception by the senses, a perception of reality as it is presented.

You're right, Daredevil begins when Matt starts to see that someone is behind most of the crimes in Hell's Kitchen. But he began to be a vigilante when he heard the whimpers of a little girl abused by her father. He went to him, punched him several times and threatened him to dare touch his daughter again. That's all he's doing ever since, he protects the people of Hell's Kitchen. His ambition is not to fight evil, he wants to protect his home.Si and Te users vs my Ni and Te : "This how we do it, and how we always did it so shut up and JUSTDOIT!!" vs "This is how we should do it, it's more efficient."

And Si and Fe users vs my Se and Fi : "It makes me uncomfortable and some other people might get upset too." vs "Suck it up, that's how it is though and I'm right so *I don't care if others can't handle the truth !*"

And ESFPs either find me boring and depressing from the get-go or interesting and weird in the good sense but ultimatly too serious or intense.

Can some sensors come to explain how obnoxious intuitives are and some feelers how inconsiderate rationals are ?Oh, for the PoLR Fi too. This show embodies really well the internal conflict of a Fi-user and the troubles he can encouter when faced with the impact his actions have on others. 

Frankly speaking, I was nitpicking.  There's always some debate about a character's type and on the definitions of cognitives functions themselves. MBTI is annoying and fascinating precisely for being a framework open to interpretation.Guys, did he just said Ni-users are slow Ne-users ? I'm offended.I think **like if I was an omniscient narrator in a 19th century russian novel** (albeit not a very good one). I want to see and explain a situation, an event, an emotion, someone, as clearly and accuratly as possible. The truth, complete and perfect. Let's say a man sees a woman at the opposite end of a ballroom, their eyes meet, she turns her back on him. If my mind has sufficient and relevant data (but since I'm not an omniscient narrator I'm sad to admit it isn't usually the case), it will link what happened before in the life of this man, in the life of this woman, between them, what must be going on in their head at that moment, what really happened, what this moment meant when it happened and what it will mean "in the great scheme of things".
So yeah, **I can have access to the short and right version of the answer** : this fuckboy didn't call her back. Or could go on length like a Tolstoï or Dostoïevski and describe precisely what's going on, and conclude on a profound note on the very nature of attraction or that this is one of the many iterations when misunderstandings hinder romance.

**I have an internal *voice* and when I have to write something, I'm merely an extension of it,** I just write what it tells me because it's the best version I can come up with of my *real* thought. I can't write or say something intentionally worthy (or aspiring to be) before it pops up.

I have **mental maps** since I view a brain and specifically mine like a microcosm of the Universe, a reflection of it to which you have unlimited access and control. Thought and imagination abolish time and you can view events in your "mind eye" whenever you want it, you see whatever you want, like a faint afterglow above whatever your eyes laid on when you begin to space out.

**I have a basic selective memory like everyone**. At times freakishly accurate, at other times like if the existence of the event was wiped out.

**I can't think on two independent tracks, but I can see them both if I have enough perspective and probably link them.** If two people are arguing, I'll focus on a side, shift to the other, then "step back" and see how they both are wrong or right, on what specific parts. Then I'll have a refined, coherent and only track of thought, made of everything that was worth it.

EDIT : Totally forgot to talk about the T, in "NT". Well, Te, let's just say I make to-do-lists all the time, written or mental ones. There, I'm a Rational.Yep, that's basically the same thing but two different styles. Shotgun and sniper rifle. Divergent and convergent. Each more efficient in some situations than in others so we have to adapt our approach to make holes in people.Yes, that's totally what I was trying to say but in a slightly different way. Actually I was about to write just that and use an analogy of the movements of a camera, dolly-in, dolly-out, but that would have been strange for my example of a debate. But using another exemple, it's the same process than in those videos going from the representation of a quark, dolly-out, to an atom, DNA, a vegetal cell, a leaf, a tree, the Earth, the Solar System, the Milky Way, our supercluster of galaxies, etc, ending with a picture of the entire observable Universe (that interestingly looks like inside an atom) and back. It's shifting the focus or the scale of ideation until connections and sense comes to view. 
To me, it's Ni. I view it as the naked thought process, the most elemental one yet most people don't pay attention to it, but we have an awareness of it and let it flow constantly, like a captain shifting the course of a ship, pushed by an invisible force.
Before learning about MBTI, Introverted Intuition and from that nailing my type, I thought that was just how humans actually thought, but there are clearly different ways of doing it and I'm now dead certain Ni is my primary style. That's something I love to notice, the universality of patterns, found in unrelated objects, to see the same structures between supercluster of galaxies and neurons, between pulmonar arteries and the branches of a tree or that entropy applies on everything, be it a star, a city, a body or an informal structure like a group of friends, they all end in the state where their energy is the most dispersed which is their depletion into nothingness. On this side, it hasn't anything to do with a will, it is simply a physical law that applies to everything. It maybe has something to do with the arrow of time, it flows forward, nothing can stay still, nothing can stay the same. For exemple, a human being is condensed at the beginning of its life to a single cell, that divides itself until there are enough cells that can now specialize themselves to do one thing, the organism *orders* itself, expand and become complex. Fast forward, at the end of its maturity, its peak of condensed complexity, its entire being starts to fall apart, that's aging. Then after its death comes a slow decay, a multitude of bugs eating its body bits by bits until nothing remains. What was once a tiny cell with so much potentiality inside a mother's womb, then a full-fledged and complex multicellular being living in a single spot, isn't an entity anymore but every single atoms that composed him are scattered across the Earth. 
Every single thing follows this pattern. So it's kinda depressing but there is at least a joy to be and to *hold* our spot or anything that we want to preserve, be it a house, a company, a couple, a group of friends, to keep it whole as long as we can. 

I red somewhere that INTJs are capable of holding contradictory ideas in the same time. X is like this, but we can also see it the other way around. One thing and its opposite are sometimes both valid. But yes, it's stepping into a rabbit hole, it never stops when we look for every angle to tackle a problem. 

For exemple, tell me if you have the same problem but this objective and multisided approach leads me to be (again) in the same time useless and helpful when a friend comes to me with an issue. 
A friend of mine hesitated to stay with his girlfriend. They were good together but not unquestionnably happy. He found her okay but not truly beautiful. So I told him that having some doubts is concerning but also pretty normal and nothing alarming. That the fact that it was okay was actually a good start since they were a recent thing and even if we all want to live this fantasy of a relentless passion, we have to ask ourselves how valid and realistic this desire is in the first place, if we must not get rid of our preconceived notions of what love is supposed to be to actually let it come to life. And that I hope he realized how superficial it is to only want romance with absolutly gorgeous girls, to expect from her to conform to his highest requirements for looks, while, being an average looking guy, he isn't himself passing the test of shallow and unrealistic standards ; but that I can't blame him for wanting that because I also seek the most beautiful girl in the room. 
"You're so annoying ! So, what the hell I'm supposed to do ? You explained to me perfectly how my doubts were valid but also why they were bullshit !
- I don't know. I can't answer that for you. Now that we laid down every part of your issue, you can consciously do whatever you feel like it. But I kinda want to tell you to do nothing. And wait. "Perfect ! BorschtParty wins !**ENTJ**.

I was sure of it reading your answers but the link to another version of your "Type Me" thread you provided showed that you went through being in the grip of Fi, your Inferior function and that you use Te when using your friends as a sounding board for your ideas. You talk them out loud and you set clear tasks for yourself every day, which is the signature of Te-users. 
Also, all your answers are punctuated by quantitatives remarks : you have "fake" friends that have their use I guess, but it's useless to be completly honest with them, you reserve that for your "real" friends. An INTJ with Fi as his Tertiary, is all or nothing, he either as a deep connection with someone, considering him a friend, period, or none and then doesn't bother with this person. But I can see an ENTJ with Fi as his Inferior and therefore immature, burdens himself with acquaintances, so-called friends because they can be somewhat useful. 

You use Ni to map out your future, to guide where you're gonna apply your determination next but nowhere else. Your first instinct seem to judge what is relevant or not (Te) and then find the most perfect way to deal with it (Ni) ; I ask myself first what is something relevant, I try to determine if the object of my  focus truly is relevant (Ni) and only then I devise what to do about it. (Te)

And it's just a general impression but you seem snappy like a classic Te-dominant.  You shot first and ask questions later. INTJs have a cooler head, being first and foremost perceivers : we pay attention to take the time to aim, that we choose the right target and only then, we shoot. 

I hope I convinced you to read about the ENTJ type, because I truly think you fall into every pitfalls of having Fi as your Inferior function, mainly a lack of authenticity, an inability to form, even *understand* , meaningful relationships and wasting time and energy to fake things for dubious reasons, so that you can now be aware of it, and mature healthily from there on. Well, it seems that I can't express myself with decency and always tend to get confrontational. I've been often told that I raise my voice and look angry when I'm having a debate. I'm perfectly okay but in the heat of the moment, I don't realize I'm yelling. My bad, but it's funny that this tendency applies for me in written form too. 

I actually liked the way you express yourself, bold and concise but when you write that way, "shocking" things (be it particularly honest, just weird or immature), I couldn't help myself to react positively (I smiled once or twice reading your answers) or negatively like in some parts of my answer. I put the emphasis on the negative because it's usually useful. I thought that you used Te fairly well but that was those signs of an immature use of Fi that narrowed it to ENTJ. 

You don't need to crown yourself Emperor and conquer Europe like Napoleon did to be an ENTJ. You said it yourself, you don't know much about MBTI or cognitives functions, so I advise you to correct that. The way I see it, people posting "Type me" threads red so much sources, so many bad ones and that they are confused or it can help them to start by focusing their interest on a probable type.  I think you should read anything that tells you about how the mind of an ENTJ works. Forget the descriptions of The General, The Leader, The CEO. MBTI is not really about personality, it helps you understand how you process the world and how you take decisions. True, we can imply from there some usually accurate personality traits but not for every one so see the basics first. 
I'm on mobile so I can't give you links but on the top of my head you should check the ENTJ article in the sidebar, Michael Pierce' videos on YouTube, take the cognitives functions tests on keys2cognition, read the ENTJ profile (well, PDF) on a blog called a Little Bit of Personality, and enter the name of your probable cognitive functions (Extroverted Thinking [Te], Introverted Intuition [Ni], Extroverted Sensing [Se], Introverted Feeling [Fi]) in the search bar of this sub, there are several great posts about each of them and see if they ring a bell. 

As for the fake friends bit, that was something that I couldn't comprehend but replacing it in the fucked-up social context high-school can be, why not. But for exemple, I was attending highschool in a class with a lot of people with whom I shared many interests (Arts, we liked the same stuff in basically every form of it) so I became friends with some of them, spend more and more time with them (well, it was practical, same class) and lost touch with the friends I spend four years in Junior High. But that doesn't mean they were fake friends. Those friendships were real to me, but sadly didn't hold the changing of classes while now four years after the end of it, I'm still friends with those of HS and kinda feel like I already found my best men and brides of honor.
You should try to communicate with your comrades just like you talk with your real friends that are ironically only virtual to you since you never met. Something doesn't feel right to call strangers behind a keyboard anywhere on the Globe for all I know "real", and the ones with whom you spend your time the fake ones. I have no problem to conceive how we can bound with someone online, but why do you only put the emphasis on people you only have access to you via an incomplete perception and restricted means, but not really on the individuals right in front of you ?When we get right down to it, Mathematics are based on arbitrary premises. A guy began to put a dent on a stick for every cow he had. A dent equals a unit. But we now know cows are multicellular organisms. Is it entirely correct to define them as one ? No, but it was sure as hell efficient to control your stock. 
A model is in itself an inacurate depiction of reality, but still sufficient to apprehend its inner workings. The underlying principles of mathematics are unquestionnable, but the fact that a 9 is written this way and not like a weiner is arbitrary.There was no subtext, I just meant what I said. We're both young and therefore immature in a lot of ways and I'm positive that you need to develop your Fi, just like I need to not fall to often in the "destructive" behaviors that usually come when you have Se as your Inferior. Worst, I also need to really work on my Auxilary function because for now I'm just a planner that can't get done the 1/100 of the things I envision and want. 
MBTI is extremely useful for self-growth. It gives you an awareness of the workings of your mind, its tendencies, even a vocabulary to think about it so that you can work on strengthning your positive traits and diminish the influence of your bad ones, until they become assets too. It's a shame if you abandon this quest. 

We all want to be given immediate and definitive answers but there are no short-cuts, only things that can help you to come by yourself to the right conclusion. You're in the better position to know if you can get a physics degree, if you really want it, or if you have another interest that feels so right it can't be labelled a plan B but an alternative. You tell me. 

Regarding your friends I understand in that case, but I hope you will soon meet other Intuitives or just other people (Mature sensors are fascinating people that love everything that is interesting and that included deep philosophical questions, even if younger ones found them boring because they're not "there"). Correspondence only get you so far ; debating over the meaning of life around a bottle of wine with some good friends, that's the real deal and a lot more richer. So true. I understand now thanks to MBTI why and how we were constantly clashing with my ISFJ ex : nothing more opposite than auxilary Fe versus auxilary Te ![Live analysis of Fi and Fe use, Interview of Andrew Garfield (INFP) and Carey Mulligan (INFJ).] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JR3_OtpJe8)

Now that I think about it, those two functions are easy to spot but your post made me think of this insighful video.The Almighty, Yhwach, Bleach (aka most cheated power ever) :

&gt;Omni-Precognition: Yhwach can see everything that is to occur from the present moment into the far-flung future. He can "know" everything that lies within that gaze. Rather than seeing a linear future, Yhwach observes all possible futures at once like countless grains of sand in the wind, and can thus act accordingly using the knowledge he has gained to anticipate and counter his opponents. He can even revive himself by changing futures where he dies.
Future Modification: Yhwach states that the true power of The Almighty is the ability to transform the future. He utilizes this power by setting up traps where he knows his opponents will be and attacking them before they can even begin their own attacks. He can also maneuver around any defense and countermeasure they use to protect themselves in order to facilitate his attacks.

The ultimate embodiment of INTJs use of Ni and Te to see possible outcomes and act on them.I think it's pointless to try to make sense of became Bleach at some point. "Let me reveal to you my shikai, that happens to be the perfect match against your power ! Hum, your next release is so powerful and with a new set of skills rendering my power useless ? Haaaave you seen my Bankai ?"

But between Yhwach and Ichigo specifically, I think that when Ichigo arrived in front of him, his actual powers of the Almighty just awoken, taking the life and other powers of the Sternritters, ending at the moment he was faced with Kurosaki of a period of 999 years since he lost them against Yamamoto. So at this point, he had no choice but to face him, but after that took place the most unbalanced final battle in the history of anime (until the last moment of course). He hardly broke a sweet, it was annoying to see him repeat how invicible he was.
A funny comment on r/mrrobot made me realize that **Angela** usually does a 6-second pause, staring into space or the eyes of the person in front of her, before talking. But after that pause, whatever she says is "perfect" and *it has to be* considering how important for her and how dangerous is what she's doing at E Corp in Season 2. That could indicate Ni (I'm also guilty of this "Looks dumb for 5 seconds before making you shed tears of joy in front of my flawless comeback"), then Te so she might be **INTJ**. 

**Darlene** probably is an **ISFP**. Most of her lines are about her strong ethics and others' failures to live up to them. The next defining characteristic is her air of constant confidence and her eyes always on alert, like a typical high-Se user. 

I think /u/BorschtParty is right about **Elliott. INFP.** It seems obvious now. Just like Daria Morgendorffer, another broody, cynical character often pegged as an INTP because everyone seems to forget that INFPs aren't supposed to always be bubbly and can have a "dark" vibe. Emo isn't just how far they can go. Especially when we consider how everything started, the scene where Elliott watch "The Careful Massacre of the Bourgeoisie" with Darlene and comes out of nowhere (Ne) with a way to fullfill his dream "I want to save the world"(Fi), "It wouldn't be that difficult actually"[="Funnily, I've done harder things than what it would take to bring down the biggest conglomerate in the world"] (Si), and then Te comes into play to bring to reality his deep seated aspirations. 

I think it's to early to type **Whiterose** but my guess is **ENFJ**. You can't raise the ranks of a country like China without a good sense of social harmony and how to appear to people to get the outcome you desire (Fe+Ni)(clearly apparent in his scene with the FBI), while being in the same time a freaking executive in a hacker army. Se is clear : that killer sense of style and the fact that he focused on **Dominic di Piero (probably ENFJ** too, she uses Se+Fe like a champ) the second he heard her speak. And finally Ti, his obssession with time underlines his every move. He probably timed most of his actions, his travels and that makes his (minister's) schedule a set of rules more than just the outline of his day. This habit seems a bit neurotic and unhealthy to that extent so that fits the Inferior and he's a too good host to be an ISTP.  So even if that obsession is his most memorable trait it still can't be Ti,Se,Ni,Fe but Fe,Ni,Se,Ti. 

**Tyrell Wellick**. So **ENTJ** it hurts. But he's more like a neurotic psycho and therefore more interesting than your usual over-the-top asshole in Armani. Inferior Fi shows when faced with a drawback, his face could be used for the meme *screams internally*. 

Allez, bonsoir. Yes, I'm talking to you, silent friend. Wow. I deem worthy of my energy to lie to save time when I'm in a spectacular mood. On the regular, I grunt an indistinct pissed-off sound that the people close to me know to translate as "My answer is pointless/Your question is pointless, so why bother ?". When I'm in a shitty mood, not even a sound or reaction. 
I'm such a charm. I'd say Fi. The individual has values, so he makes a stand so to say. "Death penalty is wrong.""Education is the basis of a functionning society."etc. It takes a side. 
Fi-users are also aware (when the function is mature) of their internal state, constantly pondering their emotions and clearly able to define them. Regarding romantic endeavors, they are either dead certain the person is not "meant for them", that they don't suit them and then there's pratically no way to make them change their mind ; or that "there clearly is something so no need to turn around for ages so let's go !"INTJ

"Wow, it's weird. I thought you were shy. 
- I'm not. Only introverted, it isn't the same thing. It means I prefer to talk with intent. That I'm usually quiet, but when I do speak, you'll know it. "

On the downside, I've been told often during the first interaction "I didn't understand what you said." Literally. I have a tendency to mumble the first time I speak, maybe because my voice is parched due to long periods of slumber or that I forget to speak to be heard and not only to myself, so I almost yell the second time, pissed off against me now that I have to repeat myself, which is tedious. It's frustrating because others aren't to blame here but you are because you speak to softly or don't pay attention to articulate clearly. 
I took drama classes and it kinda helps. It's not automatic but I have to and can put on my comedian's voice, to speak eloquently and for everyone to hear. I agree, sometimes people just wait for their turn to speak, barely listening, and at some point can't hold on anymore and interrupts you. A bit rude. But in the same time, I rarely see discussions where everyone listen patiently to everyone. It isn't really dynamic or intuitive. When you hear something, you sometimes make an association that will only be relevant to this idea so you have to say it now (also before you forget it !) And why should people listen to you if they even can't hear you and/or if they aren't interested by what you're saying at the moment. No one is entitled to attention : we must deserve it and speak up !

Out of curiosity, what type are you ? I also have this tendency to "just leave", without ceremony nor animosity. I think Fe-user are usually incapable to fail the social decorum like this. They wouldn't leave without finding a pretext beforehand or an excuse. Se + Fi might be enclined to just be like "Alright. Let's go."What a twat. Lets you carry heavy luggage all other a foreign country, Germany on top of it (their language is intimidating, so much long words) for the sole reason he "saw some Muslims". I wonder if he puts on solarcare and sunglasses everytime he's faced with the color white, "cause you never know". One of the last convos with my ISFJ ex (let's call her N.):

- N : I want to leave you but I'd like to know when I can decently do it.

- R : Do you need my permission ? Do whatever you like, the fool, for a change. Just explain to me what changed by the way since the last time we saw each other ? I love you just as much as I did this time, when you heard it from me. And yet, here we are, ma'm wants to leave me when NOTHING happened since then, nothing changed for me except that I am sick of you inventing yourself dramas.

- I love you too, and if you love me that's good yet I don't think we love one another. I think I love a R. That certainly doesn't call me a fool, a R. that knows how to talk, listen and support, not this R. that lets bitterness make him mean and selfish. I think you love a N. that looks good clinging to your arm, that also can say what you don't want to hear, yet you can't stand my mouth talking, my heart and emotions, the romantic weakness that takes me too often it's true.

- Of course I do, I want to hear absolutly everything you have to say. We love entirely or not at all. We can't just choose what pleases us, we have to accept the other part too, because one doesn't go without the other. It's your problem actually, you focus all the time on the details : it is either all sweet and sunshine, or I'm putting you through Hell. You are wrong, you have to see everything in the same time. Embrace someone in its entirety, that's love. Otherwise, taking what you like and think I do the same, that's called shopping, only picking whatever the hell we want and what we need.

- **There is something R., a terrible thing that will fuck up all your relationships if you continue to ignore it, talk honestly, talk with your words and not with those of your theoricists, talk to say Thank you, talk to say hello, talk to say I love you, talk to tell everything we have to guess.
You talk in theory, you answer me with "we". I want some of your "I", your questions , of your emotions, of your most honest self not this narcissic "I" that usually takes over, this "I" only true to himself and that doesn't surprise anyone anymore because he is hollow, being only control and appearances**. 

- It truly is me talking to you, my words, my voice. This is something that fucks your relationships, N., ours : you can't have a clear view of someone because instead to just perceive what this person show or give you, you let the message go through your inaccurate and deformed vision first. You are myopic but forget that the world isn't blurry.

- You forget to say thank you, you forget to say I love you, you forget to say I miss you, just like you forget that I am myopic maybe and that what you hide needs to be heard.
You forget that someone lives thinking about. You forget that I love you.

- I don't forget a thing. You are. I already told you all that. I feel like you'd want me to repeat this, over and over, and that is just suffocating. To me, it is settled and I'm not compelled to bring that up again and again. I want to go further or talk about something else when from time to time, I feel like I'm talking to a goldfish. We can't spend our time doing the same things over, N., otherwise, we're going nowhere. I feel like we accomplished so much, that we are now somewhere really interesting, really deep, and then you say something that brings us way below our level and it's driving me nuts.

- I'm not at the same level than you. You seek intelligence, you want to rise above I don't know what. If proving your affection is something tedious for you then I'm sorry that I can't help to drive you nuts by lowering myself that way. But I won't apologize to ask for this. I'm allowed to ask attention, affection and to be in touch with the person I love. Living on memories alone I do that thinking about my grand-father. You are alive and I have the right to be in touch with you because it isn't your cock in my mouth that I love more than anything, it's having someone to talk to. 
This conversation is going nowhere.

We really loved each other yet couldn't understand the other person. I'm on the regular pretty straight-forward and yet I have never be so true with anyone nor expressed this completly how I felt but it was baffling to realize her insecurities still made her see me as fake and dishonest. The person supposed to know me the better completly got me backwards.  Also the sad thing being that I finally understood too late that her emotional needs weren't met.

*Heartwarming* : **"I wait for you to go higher still."**
An appreciation left by my main teacher and of philosophy, in high school. I killed it that trimester, I always had good grades but they were then near perfect thanks to her influence and yet this woman, probably one of the most intelligent person I've met, constantly challenging me to master the only things I lacked, discipline, drive, focus, method, to reach my full potential, was here telling me that I was only beginning and capable of great things. It was so inspiring. "It's not that I like you or anything."
Username checks out. The OP said the question comes from Dostoeivsky but I'll add some necessary context. It comes from *The Brothers Karamazov*, when Ivan says that no righteous man should believe in God, that he refuses his design (supposedly to bring eternal happiness to mankind) if it requires the suffering of **one** child, an innocent creature, (and we can all guess how many suffered already).  The question is "God seems to think that the end justifies the means, do you agree ?" Is the Greater good only a numerical operation or are there certain things that would irremediably taint the outcome ?I don't, that's the one that triggered me. Anyone that has red Dostoievsky can say the guy was far from stupid. The OP tried to share an idea from a source that is long, detailed, articulated and so profound. You'll excuse him if some sense was lost along the way. 
It just feels like people raging over the absurdity of math problems. *"Jack has x sea shells. He picks up 3 every day for-OH MY GOSH, WHY IS HE DOING THAT ? WHY SHOULD I CAAAARE ?"*
Jeez, it's a philosophy question. You didn't get it because of how it was worded, but that doesn't change the fact that you deserve an E- for that. Yep, you wouldn't be able to enjoy it because "baby-torturers" aren't just socially ostracized. Well, not if that was an euphemism for "put in jail". It makes sense but let me respectfully say that I hate this reasoning. 

What is physical pain ? It is the way the body has to register a damage, so that the negative response triggers the survival instinct and that we avoid what caused the trauma. It's an information. It is useful to feel the burn when you put your hand on an hot stove. How is it useful when your body keeps repeating to you the same thing, when you already know you have a lung cancer, for exemple ? It isn't. It's a useless burden. I'll bet that every person in agony *right now* would trade the only beneficial thing this pain brings, the information, the lesson that life is to be savoured, against getting rid of the pain and actually savour it. So real talk, Negan : who took the bat ?(Well, instead on jumping on people's answers, I might as well submit one)

So, Ivan asks me to consider this child. If I remember correctly, it is a young child locked at night in some privy, by his father out of druken sadism. A young child shivering in the cold of the yard under the russian winter, terrified and helpless, covered in feces, beating his chest with his little fists, desperate to understand why the person supposed to protect him put him through this gratuitous suffering. No one hearing his screams, his tears lost water. 

It's not a baby, and not a torture per se (and the friend of TK4444something (sorry) said it) but just like there are no situation that could occur when this could bring a positive outcome, it is gratuious ! But if I am the architect of the Universe and I create it and set things so that it ends up bringing Heaven to humanity, the suffering of this child will happen in the process. 

If I knew this would happen even though it was unnecessary to my end goal, only a terrible byproduct, the simulation would be a success but that would be a lazy victory, **I'll be a lousy programmer and a terrible person that shouldn't be worshipped**. 

If I am not only the Architect but also an **omnipotent marionnetist**, working every time and everywhere supposedly towards this heavenly goal, then I'll say that my current mortal condition can't see how this unnecessary suffering might serve this purpose (that's when people usually say two things : the argument "because baby future Hitler" or "God works in mysterious ways") so you should just know that **I am a terrible person** that thinks that I have to break some eggs (most of you) to make an omelette (with some others among you guys somehow, fuck logic), because you have to trust me it's really worth it and delicious (Heaven).

Seriously, Heaven is just a club with a picky bouncer, and the entry is too expensive. I refuse to pay 50 bucks to get in tonight (=the suffering of this child). And whenever I think about all the money wasted every night, by the hords of people that want to go this club, no matter how good they say that club is (it's probably shitty anyway), the owner is an asshole to charge that much (**the suffering of the people beaten, stabbed, shot right now, the women raped, the children dying of starvation today, yesterday, the day before and so on, a bloody line streching way down to the past and far back into the future**).

If this amount of blood is the condition, if I *really* have to do it this way, I refuse the position. 


*TL;DR : This excerpt of The Brothers Karamazov explains well why a God cannot be, considering the world we live in, omniscient, omnipotent, omnipresent AND benevolent. I agree with Ivan, there are too many horrors, beyond count, tainting the road to Heaven.*Oh, I rered the chapter and see why there is "a gap". That is the whole point. Ivan doesn't want to ask himself what could possibly justify the suffering of a child. He doesn't want to wait the day God reveals the truth, with everyone singing "Lord Thou are just !", victims and the oppressors they forgave in their arms. The dilemma stops right here for him. He returns "his ticket" for Heaven and doesn't want to understand why it was necessary. Ivan choose the exemple of a child, red in a newspaper, because it is then easy to see how he can find this suffering unbearable.

He made his little brother, a priest, admit that he would not consent to such an unfair trade, the price being too high, especially when we have for now to deal with it without the knowledge of God's agenda. (That is the subject of The Grand Inquisitor passage just after this chapter : Jesus makes his second coming during the Inquisition, but is executed again because he is troubling its course ; it's again a rejection of God's agenda but here not for moral reasons but political ones)Yes, like I said that's why his point is powerful. He's just a mere mortal so, unlike people claiming to act according to God's will, he humbly admits he has no idea what it is. But I don't see why you say there no precedents. Ivan tells the story about the suffering of two children, the one locked in a privy and the one teared up by hounds. That is two examples, and they are sufficient to prove his point ; he said he will only limit to children so that is clearer but he could have taken into account every suffering that occured on Earth. No matter what you put on the other side of the equation, *nothing* justifies this amount of pain (and personally, I tend to agree).

You correctly identified the logical flaws of his reasoning but that is already what Ivan warned Aliocha about : he doesn't want to understand, he is disgusted on a moral plane. He just says no ; he won't sing "Lord Thou are just !". The pointless suffering of countless of children (and adults) will always remain unfair, no matter how good the excuse of Heaven is supposed to be. Yep, it can get pretty intense when someone dares to not recognize the genius of one of my favorite author. I got so intense that I didn't post under the right comment, sorry. &gt;_&gt;

I meant to talk to azurestratos but this one is also relevant so hey. She's a SCAM, obviously. Sensing Caucasians, And a Mess. I agree, when asked how organized you were you redirected the conversation about your memory, what an high-Si might do. You didn't say "It depends on the project, if it was X, I would do Y or Z" like an Ne-Ti. As a Te-user, I would have just explained my general procedure. 

Also on the topics you'd talk about other people, High-Ne users tend to have current obsessions they're happy to share, Ni-users would be happy to talk about anything interesting in depth. You said you would cater the conversation according to the person in front of you, Fe (That's not Fe per se, but the fact that it is your response is telling)Without the tools ? Have you seen Death Note ?

"I will rid this world of evil. I can do it. No... I'm the only that can do it !"
Yagami Light, ENTJ, textbook God complexI'm curious, are they less stereotypical than the free content ? Could you screen a sample ?I never saw the connection until now, and it's pretty insightful. Yes, I've spent a huge part of my childhood with my older cousin, who might be a 7 and/or an ESTP. I consider him like an older brother, and I've spent pretty much every summer following him everywhere. I was pretty smart for my age and quite a daredevil so he was happy to let me tag along. He was a brilliant footballer and crushing everyone at videogames, when I sucked at first but quickly I was able to play with him and his friends on par even if I was the smaller on the field, and finish games all night with him. 
I didn't realize, since he's not really my older brother, that I'm the typical admiring little brother. I think it does. You use your intuition on people, your insights about them but not necessarily for them, like more typical INFJs. After all, if the human nature is your favorite subject that doesn't make you overly concerned about every little personal dramas you come across. 
Actually, I'm a bit surprised : in my understanding of the INFJ type, I thought everything you said was the norm. My guess is on [ISFP](http://www.typeinmind.com/fise/). You seem like a high-Fi user (Introverted Feeling) and high-Se (Extroverted Sensing). 

I almost hesitated with ISFJ (Si - Fe), but then you wouldn't have wondered why you helped your cheating friend, you would have just helped her, period. I'll just answer for INTJ, and since the only INTJ child I know was me, it may be anecdotal. 

Birth to 5 : Learned how to read quickly, a year before other kids. 

6-12 : Turbulent as a regular kid, but reads for hours before bed. Quite stubborn and won't comply unless you win the argument. Liked by teachers because can be surprisingly insightful for a kid ; I'm not talking about being smart per se, it has nothing to do with the type, but the ability to read situations and people correctly, like an adult would. 

13-18 : As the childlike and petulant nature recedes, the brooding and focused one is the only one left. May skip the loud adolescent crisis entirely but not the turmoil of constructing one's identity so the main focus would be to not equate space with distance from your child. To be fair, I'm tired and I already wrote relevant things I could have included here in similar threads. Otherwise, essays for the winDoes your Enneagram type correlates your MBTI type or does it contradict it or nuances it ?

Your MBTI is supposed to tell you your thought process. Your Enneagram tells you what you seek in life based on what you fear. I find that knowing the latter can help you develop the functions of the former. 

I'm an INTJ, and a 7. Which can seem odd, but it makes perfect sense to me. 
Actually knowing I'm a 7 helps me to develop my functions in an healthy way. I'm prone to fall in the Ni-Fi loop, and its definition is the same than a 7's disintegration towards 1, when he becomes overly perfectionistic and critical on himself. And I'm prone to fall in the grip of Se, over-indulging in anything, be it gaming all night, reading all night, drinking every night, looking to get laid all the time, eating like Gargantua, etc. Just like an unhealthy 7. 
When my two types really connect is on growth. A 7 becomes healthy when he tends to 5, the scholar, cease to be scattered but becomes focused and fascinated by life instead of just consuming it like a madman. And function wise, I need to develop my Te and engage the world decisively, to follow through on what I plan. 

What about you ?
Because we suck at doing anything useful but hey, we're filled with existential dread 24/7 and we can reel off random facts about gummy bears. Who needs practicality anyway?You got me 100% right. Nice.Well, I'm an INTJ and I tend to not really like ESFPs all that much. I think that's about it, though. It's not really a question you can answer objectively, everyone's gonna have their likes/dislikes/whatever.1. I'm an ISTP
2. sp/sx
3. I'm in a Ti-Ni loop at the moment. Ni is a really interesting function but kinda rabbit-hole-ish if it's used unhealthily. I wanna develop it a lot more, though, and be able to eventually use it like NJs can. Fe is kind of a bitch. I don't know how to use it properly at all.They should really separate by function (i.e. continue with the SJ/SP perceiving function thing and use NP/NJ, or go by judging function like TJ/TP/FJ/FP) but idk. I guess stereotypically NTs/NFs act similarly.
As an INTJ learning that there is a higher probability of me having children equally as mellow and understanding as me is incredibly relaxing.INTJ will play shadow KingLong time Lurker first time poster. Looking to expand my understanding of types and there relationships with others.
Humanmetrics.com gives the best MBTI test, in my opinion. This is the test my AP Psychology teacher gave us, though 16personalities.com goes a lot more in detail of each type. The amount of detail is intense, and truly unique to each personality.I suppose this is just human nature, especially when it comes to the internet. Smacking labels on people is bound to start them drawing lines and circles in the sand. "This is you, this is me". They're just personalities, for Christ's sake, people. You can't put human personalities in a box. Not even 16 distinct types can encompass all of the variety that we show. MBTI is just designed to help explain and give insight into social psychology. I personally find arguing to be useless most of the time. I find people tend to listen with the intention of replying, not with the intention of understanding. Arguments are often emotionally charged, and anger clouds judgement. If it's a dispute worth resolving, it's best done after both parties have cooled down.I personally find long-term commitment and loyalty most attractive. If they're looking for some sort of temporary "side piece", there are other people more suited. Relationships need to be able to fit in the long-term goals category. Of course, this is all just me. Sensors*.
Also, I think everyone loves to stereotype and generalize. It is just what we do to try to understand this world better. Nothing wrong with that. I hope everyone understands first and foremost that personalities cannot be summarized into 16 types. Human behavior is too complex. MBTI just attempts to put it in a simple way for us to understand. So "intuitives are better at math" is a generalization. I'm horrid at math. I just can't get it to click in my head a lot of the time. INTJ and I have an INFP grandmother who I just love to pieces. While I don't know much about INFPs, I know she's really chill and laid back, and is easy to talk to. 
Goddamnit, who talked?Can you back up that intuitives aren't rarer than sensors?I've tried looking into all the critcisms of MBTI to see if I'm just wasting my time, but I haven't found any arguments against it convincing. The vast majority of arguments against it seem to be against the tests rather than the underlying theory. Just becuse there are bad iq tests doesn't mean IQ as a concept should be tossed away. And some against Isabel Myer Briggs' and her mother's lack of credientials. 

I for one can only relate to one type, and am left very confused when people say they're unsure which of different types with very different functional stacks they are. Seems to be an Ne thing, heh.

If I really am just wasting my time I'd love to find out sooner rather than later, so if you're looking for video ideas I'd love hearing a psych major's criticims and doubts.

Related video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQA2muvBEe0
Pretty much resigned to the fact that I am going to procrastinate if I don't like the task to begin with (which is most things). However, as the deadline approaches and as the task seem more improbable to complete, the adrenaline kicks in and against the odd I usually get it done. It's not as perfect as it could be, but the performance/time spent ratio is satisfactory enough that now I generally procrastinate by plan. There were a few disastrous moments but on the whole it's a bit addicting. Although as the novelty wore off even the effectiveness of this desperate scheme diminished. Might sound like abysmal use of Te, but the said ratio - which feels like the only thing I can bring myself to care about - is still mostly good enough.I really get what you mean about control. I absolutely love C for that. But I wouldn't say that there exists any language which is perfect in terms of the utopian control you seek. That's why I can't agree with the point that it's not about the language. It's really about the language because our problem domains are huge and no language is perfect for everything, not even the most intimate knowledge about a language can make it better at something it simply isn't. Brainfuck is turing complete, you can in theory do all kinds of computation with it, but does it mean you should? There is a reason there are so many languages in the wild.

And I believe that means not even C++ is perfect. It may come close to ticking most of the boxes and being the most versatile tool, but I would say that when you pick it as your one true language, I guess that's when your Ti is flaring. My Te doesn't see any problem at all with the existence of so many domain specific tools as long as they are best at what they do.

There are a few places where C++ is still absolutely the best, but I think that area has shrunk by a lot and will be negligible soon. The fact that it's still used in the industry has pretty little to do with technical merit, it came early and after a certain critical point adoption begets itself. And if you are going to cover every pitfall with 'training wheeles', then the concept of wrong, weakness or bad loses all meaning. Well, that's what I think.Hmm fair enough. It's not even always a language, that sort of thinking restricted me a lot before and I am trying to evolve past that. For example last night I came across a webpage with a link to some videos that I wanted to download. Previously my instinct would be to start with a scripting language, parse the html and so on. Now I simply combined a few unix command line tools in one line and that's it, probably wasn't even programming. Anyway, if you have to do it periodically as opposed to constantly, maybe look at a cron job. Might be more efficient than the combination of infinite loop and sleep. But of course I don't advocate fixing what isn't broken :)ESTP - Javascript

ISTP - C (embedded)

ESTJ - COBOL

ISTJ - Ada

INFP - Lua

ENFP - Elm

INTP - Haskell

ENTP - Scala

INFJ - Perl 6

ENTJ - Unix shell

INTJ - Emacs Lisp
Do you do embedded stuffs? And I would say you have a constricted view on what's limiting. Yes it doesn't let you get near pointer, but Scala's type system is more advanced than both Rust and C++ (which Ti would love, I felt), and if there is one language that can surpass C++ in terms of complexity and feature, it's Scala. I thought Ne would be more about the breadth of exploration, e.g. Rust is quite shackling (valid codes being rejected by compiler because it's not provably correct) or feature wise not that rich (no proper OO?).

Besides if we talk about VM, even the lowest level machine codes are actually a stream of opcodes (which has no meaning outside the context of executing cpu), and then the opcodes are evaluated by said cpu .... exactly as it's done by a VM ;)

But hey that's just pedantry because we have the maximum control, right? But do we? The OS is a thick layer of abstraction that we don't really control. Isn't it lying to you about you being the only process responsible for memory? Or there being only one thread of execution, where in reality it's house-keeping, context switching, scheduling and who knows what else? And at the lowest level even the said cpu has full liberty (which it gladly exercises) to defy your order of instructions, shuffle it, speculate about it or even ignore it altogether. Absolute control is just an illusion.

Maybe we should to separate the language from it's toolings and only talk about linguistic aspects. Because it looses its meaning otherwise when even C++ can be on a ["VM"](https://github.com/vgvassilev/cling) and when even Scala can be ["native"](https://github.com/scala-native/scala-native).&gt; I'm a hobbyist so no.

Ah, so am I. In fact after a brief glance we seem to have more in common in being both Econ majors! Embedded stuffs can be fun though, my INTP friend is obsessed with ESP8266 or whatever it's is in vogue now (for all the obsession he does nothing with it though). I will come back to why I brought this up.

Regarding Scala's type system, I don't think I am exaggerating, it's a rather common sentiment. Like Haskell, Scala grew up in academia. Unlike it though, it happened to be used in industry (twitter is written in it e.g.). So yes, it accumulated cruft and isn't so pure and beautiful and likewise a toy fibonacci example probably doesn't look half as cool. But that doesn't mean it isn't *powerful*. And direct comparison doesn't even make sense because much of the power comes from it being extendable to so many other paradigms whereas Haskell is more niche focused. Rust doesn't have Higher Kinded Types iirc, that was something of a basis of my argument.

&gt; Also Scala runs on the JVM so I assume that Scala types have to map to Java types in some way, which itself makes Scala a lot less flexible in type design than Haskell, C++, or Rust which all compile to native binaries.

No, you are pretty wrong here. I wonder why do you think so when the languages that compile to native binary you mentioned all get translated to x86 assembly which has only a few primitives like int and floats. Does this fact prevent them from having a richer type system? Take C, as weakly typed as it gets. Try to pass an array of type `int[10]` to a function that takes an `int[20]`, and sure enough the compiler blocks it. And now if you look into the actual assembly, nowhere will you find the numbers 10 or 20 in it. Because type information is something that only exists in the mind of the compiler, it has no footprint in the runtime, that's why it's called static typing. So replace x86 or llvm ir with jvm byte code, it doesn't make any difference because the choice of backend is irrelevant. It doesn't restrain type system for frontend in any way. Well, except for forcing the introduction of features for compatibilities sake, like `null` for Scala because the whole point was to inter-operate with jvm libraries. Even C++ has it, necessary evil at this point.

Better example would be Elm, a lite Haskell that compiles down to dynamically typed .... javascript (and runtime checks end up happening anyway ffs, can't wait for webasm). Doesn't preclude Elm from having a good type system, it's something that only depends on the compiler.

&gt; But compiling to native machine code allows you to squeeze the most performance out of the hardware. VMs and GCs solve a non-existent problem as is evidenced by Rust while slowing down execution speed and introducing unnecessary costly abstraction.

I am sorry, this is just blatantly wrong. They do solve a problem, it's just not something you seem to realise. First of all, why do you think so many people use managed languages? Because efficiency is just not about computing efficiency, that's woefully myopic. But it's also about developer's efficiency. Computing power is cheap, my time isn't. Memory management is an artefact of our underlying hardware, it doesn't have any relevance to whatever domain specific problem people are trying to solve. If people can save time and headache not combating with unrelated memory stuffs in exchange for some hit in run time, that's a massive win for a lot of people. This abstraction absolutely serves a purpose. What about portability? Scientific people all use C++? Did you miss the Python revolution? Can you do fast prototyping in C++, can you do iterative development where you don't need the whole program to run again, but only a portion of the code with a different parameter? C++ compilation times are good for coffee breaks though, but we don't need so much caffeine.

Second of all, Is Rust the silver bullet? The borrow checker is awfully notorious for writing data structures. It used to be a mind killer and a mess to write a doubly linked list which is trivial in any language. Some of the persistent data structures were even impossible to write. Are you sure you are strictly better off?

Third of all, yes yes of course C++ rules the world. Some of the most performant codes written are in it. HFT you mentioned, and there are AAA games. Here is something interesting: if you are doing RAII or using Rust, data gets freed at the end of the block. Now imagine your function is at a very critical loop, not only you have to do AI but also you have to drop and create lots of small objects while not losing fps. And then for them it turns out that freeing objects is ironically *expensive* in that context. So they end up writing custom allocators where they maintain memory pool, and release or reuse stuffs at some later point. And to the critical loop this scheme is awfully reminiscent of a .... GC!

I think you have a somewhat misguided mental model of both what a GC is or what its scope is. A GC isn't a single general one size fit all algorithm, nor is its performance accurately portrayed by Java or other mainstream languages. We have concurrent GC that doesn't stop the world for what, 20 years now? We also have configurable ones that can be stopped and started at will. Given the nature of the problem, specific algorithms can be fast too. For example, in one bio-informatics problem I had a lot of many short lived strings. Yes I did malloc and free at each turn. And then when I switched to simple Boehm gc and it beat the living daylight out of manual memory management.

And VM is slow? Yes of course the badly done ones are. But that's not an inherent argument against VMs. JIT is totally a thing, though admittedly it's hard to do if you are not named Mike Pall. The fact of the matter is, to a VM it not only has AOT information, but also have runtime information too. So in theory they actually have more room for optimization which would be impossible by an AOT compiler, while having no drawbacks. AOT is easy to do, and years of technical knowledge have honed it. But if you think VMs must be inherently slow, you are wrong.

And yes all our language runtimes are written in C/C++. But it doesn't serve a convincing point. The chess program I wrote handily beats me. We built the cars, and now it runs faster. Our houses have infinitely more purpose than the tools it was built with. The fact that we have tools that can build other tools doesn't at all mean that they would be good at anything other than making the said tools. The second generation tools might easily solve problems that would be intractable for the first generation ones.

&gt; I don't know how Scala or Java would be built into native executables without packaging their runtime environments into the final binary which would lead to a bloated binary.

And exactly why does it bother you? Should I be worried that Rust binary is so much more bloated than C? And the greatest trick the devil ever pulled off is to convince that C has no runtime, it does though. Isn't it infuriating that `main` isn't the entry and they lie to us? No stdlib and only custom linker script for us from now on. And I thought you loved your zero-cost exceptions (funnily named, yes it's zero cost in the sense that the generated code isn't littered with checks everywhere, and a side table is generated statically so when no exception is raised there is no cost, but when it *is* raised it's like 20x slower than a setjmp/longjmp. Is this the promised free lunch?).

In the end I respect your preferences. I just think you are attaching value judgement to things which I find bewildering. I asked about embedded dev because I can't imagine anyone being concerned about binary size except for them. As for being compiled, I once wrote a scheme compiler that generated x86 native code. If it helps, it was like the slowest thing in the universe.There is obviously a trade off involved between speed and comprehension. For usual surfing or articles it mostly makes sense, and I can hit 600 wpm or even more. But really for anything denser it's terribly counter productive. You might find this [article](https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2015/01/19/speed-reading-redo/) interesting.Erm, I couldn't (mostly) care less about lyrics, it's always secondary. I am not going to care about a sub-par melody even if it has profoundly moving lyrics. Classical music aside, I love ambient music or post-rock. Explosions in the Sky, Sigur Ros, Tycho, M83 etc. or in the vicinity.Same as well.I have literally started with Rationality: From AI to Zombies last night (though I have read several one-offs from the sequence before, my favourite is probably [this one](http://lesswrong.com/lw/gt/a_fable_of_science_and_politics/)). Talk about things showing up everywhere...Romantic agnostic, huh I like it. I find faiths interesting. Knowing, acknowledging and studying them leads to interesting and intellectually colourful perspectives, which a dry take on things doesn't. And I say that as someone who grew up reading and looking up to the likes of Sagan.

But beyond that, there is really very little to say. Maybe non-religious is the word? I can't accept agnosticism in its strictest from. If the existence of God is unknowable, where is the definitive proof of *that*?

And then there is the laughable yet obnoxious little shit called "Pascal's Wager". I think I understand the commonly regarded problems with it, that the omniscient God (which one?!) will definitely see through the less than pure state of mind that made such a belief plausible, or that there is no telling that God will accept the wager. I have a few vague counter points in mind, but at the end of the day what's the argument against the worst case of believing being only insignificantly worse than the worst of not believing, but the best being infinitely better? What does rationality say?

I lean that way, in a highly non-committal sense of the word. That's about it.That moment where Price explained the symbolic significance of the picture hung in the wall of his minimal, monochrome office was an all around outstanding capture of NTJ-ness. For me, Ni is in the very air around him. I have been meaning to watch Rubicon for a while now.

And Whiterose is obviously as ENTJ as it gets.Barely any problem is a new problem though. I usually research the shit out of it even before or while I think of it myself. And I usually don't start until I can decompose the problem to smaller chunks. Another advise someone gave me that I find helpful: always devise the underlying data-structures first. Easier to wrap a plan around that.*Really* thoughtful post. 

&gt; INTJ - Hegelianism

Maybe this is more in line with the tertiary Te (which is how this type appears on the outside)? Alternatively, I would go with *Bayesianism* where Ni begins with a condensed priori which is then 'updated' as more data arrives through Se and passes through the objective filters of Te to become the next priori.Right, this indeed is nowhere near how I interpreted it prematurely. I don't know this well enough; I had to read a bit on the dialectics some time ago, but that was to vomit it out in the exam an hour later. Upon reading this again now, the dynamic evolution from thesis and antithesis to synthesis does resemble how Ni might derive and expound the essence of something with the aid of Te. This is really cool to know, thanks again for writing this!Damn that is top drawer tactical profiling, typical INFJ soul-scrutinizing gaze.
Leaning towards [ISFP](https://www.personalitypage.com/ISFP.html).

Was initially thinking that Si was one of your top 2 functions, but as I read more, Fi and Se seem like a much better fit. I'm also seeing some hints of Ni which could suggest that it's your tertiary function ( e.g. desire for an overarching goal/vision in projects and a preference for "distilling" ideas).Most attracted to INFPs, ENFPs, and INFJs (in that order). There's also a surface level attraction to ESFPs, but I've found that the N/S divide makes it challenging to form a real connection between us after the initial spark of interest.If you want to properly understand introverted intuition you will need to look into Jung's theory of the collective unconscious and archetypes. Everything else is only attempts to describe these functions obliquely from a behavioural, not a mechanical perspective.

If you want my closest approximation on a behavioural level, Ni could perhaps be described as advanced pattern matching/recognition between the intrinsic qualities of different objects (any sense impression; not only vision). It's not perceiving the objects directly, but rather what they fundamentally "represent" in relation to our being -- this is what I mean by intrinsic quality.

Keep in mind that this is all filtered and expressed through a thinking function, so an INFJ's description of Ni, for example, would likely be more abstract.The protagonist in Code Geass is pretty much a textbook INTJ.&gt;My parents are the only example I have, they were an ENFP-ENTP couple that got divorced and remarried, and divorced again - ending up with never speaking to each other again. Literally. It's a really messed up relationship and I'm scared to death of it. It's in my head all the time and I wish I'd never found out about MBTI in the first place.

Don't put so much stock in intertype-relations.

In my opinion, the problem with them is the same as the problem with Socionics as a whole: it's overly reductionistic. Cognitive processes do not exist in a vacuum and there's a lot of variation between individuals of the same type. There's really so much more that goes into determining whether a relationship will work or not. 

*In theory*, some types will be better matches than others, everything else being equal, but chances are you have more important things to think about and work on.I agree with you; I think he's an INTP myself. Watch any interview of him and it's hard to say that he's not a Thinking dominant. He admits that he didn't expect to succeed in most of the things he got involved in at first, instead leaving his goals open and undefined, and he talks abstractly about expanding/spreading human knowledge and the "spirit of exploration" (almost never talks about profit or self-interest). It's pretty clear to me that he loves science for the sake of science, applying it practically is only a means to push the collective boundaries even further and continue doing what he's doing. He's also *very* detail focused and uses a bottom-up mode of thinking -- pretty much the opposite of an INTJ.

I think a lot of people discard the possibility of an INTP typing because of his drive and willpower. His drive seems to stem partly from insane levels of intellectual curiosity and in part consciously choosing to be better (plus being forced into positions of responsibility), from what I can tell. I think the outright discarding of an INTP typing is a shame because it indirectly propagates the "all INTPs are useless" meme, which is not healthy at all.

An interview that covers a lot of what I mentioned: [Link](https://www.khanacademy.org/economics-finance-domain/entrepreneurship2/interviews-entrepreneurs/copy-of-khan-academy-living-room-chats/v/elon-musk)&gt;(For instance, for an Fe dom, we have to use Fi to decide what it is we want to actually do, and an Fi dom needs Fe to understand how to be the kind of person they want to be.)

Would it not be simpler to map what you're describing onto the inferior functions of these types, hence the love-hate relationship?

My experience with the dominant function in the opposite attitude is that I can be a recipient of it and understand it in the moment, but actively using it myself is extremely difficult. Perhaps because the preferred attitude is so heavily ego invested, or as you said, valued?

Anyway, don't mean to nitpick an offhand comment, just thought it was interesting.Balance in the psyche is pretty much the central theme running through all of Jungian psychology. We can't completely transcend type, but we're not slaves to it either. Maturation is just identifying and exercising the ways to function optimally within those boundaries.Excellent comment.

I think the best compromise is to do the bare minimum of deconstructing, because without any categorisation whatsoever we're left with a chaotic system and no understanding. When taken further than that, however, it has the opposite effect: completely stripping us of our understanding and hiding it behind a mask of superficial technicalities. 

The machine really is more than the sum of it's parts. Always interesting to get a window into other people's thought processes. Thanks for sharing.They are not necessarily opposed, but it's not hard to imagine situations in which the "action" determined by one of these functions could conflict with the other by default. Lack of exposure to such situations could perhaps result in neither function gaining precedence over the other...but that's just me speculating based on some of the stuff Jung wrote.

A relevant quote:

&gt;Thinking, if it is to be real thinking and true to its own principle, must rigorously exclude feeling. This, of course, does not do away with the the fact that there are individuals whose thinking and feeling are on the same level, both being of equal motive power for consciousness. But in these cases there is also no question of a differentiated type, but merely of relatively undeveloped thinking and feeling. If we look at it in terms of mental energy it makes a bit more sense. Having multiple highly developed functions competing for finite mental energy in the psyche must be untenable (at least during early development), otherwise we would have no need to specialise in the first place.Fair. But what about situations in which neither function is the obvious choice, such as most mundane decisions we make in everyday life. It's not efficient in terms of mental energy to have both being highly developed when one would suffice, supplemented by the other lesser used function when necessary.

It's been a while since I read Psychological Types, though, so I don't 100% remember what the Jungian stance on this is. My personal interpretation has been influenced by Freud and various others, so take what I'm saying with a grain of salt.There needs to be a story/theme or a certain atmosphere for the art to really resonate with me. Stuff like portraits, landscapes, and animal paintings can be visually interesting but usually lack lasting appeal.

In terms of actual aesthetics, I generally prefer high levels of detail with lots of contrast between colours, textures etc. -- it helps if it's visually striking in some way, basically. Minimalist stuff is very polarising in the sense that I love it when it's done well, but most of the time it leaves me feeling underwhelmed.Yes and no. I think it's important to acknowledge the limitations of the MBTI and other typological systems, but I think it's equally important not to throw the baby out with the bathwater once those limitations have been discovered.

Barring serious mental disorders, everyone appears to have a base type defined by their cognitive preferences. These preferences will be more or less pronounced depending on the individual, which leads to countless variations on the base type. Add specific life experiences on top of that and the idea of a one-size-fits-all type becomes more and more fuzzy, absolutely, but the outline is still there.

I think it's less that there are obvious contradictions and more that the models are too static. In reality, the cognitive functions probably bleed into each other and intermingle within the psyche, ebbing and flowing as necessary, without cleanly defined lines.

I agree with you that self-knowledge is a big reason for someone to be interested in the MBTI, which is a good thing, but it also certainly has a dark side in that regard. In Jungian terms, the biggest danger would be over-identification with the Persona which the MBTI can reinforce through it's caricature-esque descriptions of the types and lead people down a fatalistic path with their character growth.

So, I mostly agree with you in that absolute certainty is unattainable and is the wrong way to look at it, but I think typological systems like the MBTI still have a valuable role to play on both a theoretical and practical level.Putting others first? No, that's impossible. All Fi users are inherently terrible people and should be avoided at all costs.I agree with /u/laughterasthepower, this sounds more like Fi to me. The Feeling function in general is not well understood by most people, Fi especially, which means there's a lot of half-baked descriptions floating around.

You mentioned having feelings of a "deeper beauty" and there being different levels of "rightness", so to speak; this is a good way of looking at it. Fi is concerned with things like aesthetics and proportionality, in an abstract sense, and uses them to make value judgements. For example, Fi users often have very strong feelings about values related to equality because of the innate symmetry implied being inherently "right" or "good". It's more of a universal value, with personal context layered on top of it. This is why Fi-doms are characterised as having strong convictions -- the personal context can change, along with their opinions, but the universal element is almost inherently "correct" and not open to significant change.

Also, a lot of Fi-doms mistype into Ni-dom types because of the inability to express what is at the core of their values, which is similar to Ni because they both have heavily subconscious elements. Another area of overlap between the two is in the "having a vision" cliche in most Ni descriptions. Fi can manifest in a similar way when the individual senses the disparity between their "ideal" inner values and the outside reality, and so takes steps to bring the two closer together. This is likely why many Fi-doms feel extremely fulfilled when doing things like charity work and are so averse to crunching numbers at a desk... it's contributing to the harmonisation of the outer reality with the inner reality which is an innately positive and rewarding thing.

I'm not saying you are or aren't an Fi-dom because there isn't enough information here, but it's worth considering I think.Ni is apathetic about it's perceptions until they're filtered through a judging function. It doesn't judge how "beautiful" or "right" something is like what OP is describing. Ni-Te is like "Oh, this insight is the most probable/efficient answer in this particular situation"; Ni-Fe is like "Oh, this insight is the most agreeable/"right" answer in this particular situation".

Fi is rational in the sense that it's internal values are externally validated -- there is a consistent framework within which decisions are made. This does not mean it's logical, it isn't...because this framework is built upon intangibles. Tangibles like logic only come into the picture with external Te validation attempts to unite the inner and outer reality into a singular cohesive worldview.Apologies for the late reply.

I think both of our conceptions of Intuition and Feeling are misaligned. The thing with Ni is that you know exactly what the insight you are perceiving is and can fully articulate it, the difficulty comes in figuring out *how* you know the insight in the first place.

Starting with an inner, inarticulate gut feeling that "can't be seen but can be sensed" (vague feel-y language), and automatically detecting intrinsic beauty or deeper meaning in objects without knowing why is more characteristic of intuitive judging (i.e. Feeling) followed by a perceiving function, in my estimation. The rejecting nihilism bit with a feeling of an "inner intuition" leading to the "right answer" (very vague) frankly makes no sense to attribute to Ni either, in my opinion, because there's no real insight being put forward.

I think Jung made a huge mistake naming one of the four functions "intuition" because realistically both Intuition and Feeling fall under the colloquial, dictionary definition of the term -- one being applied to perception, the other judgement. What ends up happening is that Feeling is relegated to this insane notion that the preferred judging function for half the population can be distilled down into one of two words: emotions or ethics. Both are tangential components of Feeling, sure, but they do not encapsulate the function fully...not even close.

I don't want to be dismissive by not addressing your comment directly but I think we are on two different pages on what Feeling even is, so we'd just end up talking past each other and it wouldn't be a productive use of our time. I think we'll have to agree to disagree on this one.&gt;tl;dr: When it comes to how the types approach morality, Thinkers vs. Feelers is not actually that relevant a dichotomy.

Spot on. I'd say that the T/F distinction is really only relevant when considering the way in which the morals are determined. 

Ji is not dependent on situational context like Je is so it matches up better with the concept of morality as a mostly unchanging personal code of conduct.The MBTI is derived from a narrow slice of Jungian psychology and it attempts to convert extremely abstract ideas like how we see the world and process information into concrete "Yes/No" questions.
Most of the people that have been around here for a while are critical of this approach because of it's potential inaccuracy (and rightfully so, IMO).

In Jungian thought, knowing your "type" is supposed to be a tool through which you primarily increase self-knowledge and are then better able to balance your psyche as a result. I don't like the tests because they pretty much skip over the all-important introspection step and hand you a meaningless badge with 4 letters on it. To me, the people you see wallowing in self-pity or parading their supposed "strengths" around are entirely missing the point of what this is all about -- figuring out which "type" you are is supposed to be the start, not the ending.

Despite the name of this sub, it's basically a catch-all for the "narrow slice of Jungian psychology" that I mentioned at the start of this comment, and it's also worth mentioning that most people here do not view type through the broader Jungian lens. This isn't necessarily a good or bad thing; it is what it is.Was pretty interesting to look through all of these.

I agree with your INTJ typings except for Emerson; he strikes me as more of an INTP. The speech he uses is very structured and he pauses to select a specific word quite frequently. Ni-dom pauses happen more often when trying to link sentences together to form a complete thought or unfurl a particular piece of imagery. I also don't get the "thinking out loud" vibe that I associate with Ni-Te from him.

With the INFJ typings we diverge a lot more. Colantoni seems way too present and reactive to be an introvert, in my opinion. EXXJ of some description seems like a better fit.

Lucy Liu -- not sure. Found it difficult to get a proper read on her.

Andrews seems right, but Williams makes more sense as an Fe-dom to me.&gt;Emerson doesn't seem like a typical INTP to me, maybe more disciplined and pensive or something. I've heard that many INTJs stutter, so maybe that's what you're seeing? He might have an atypical enneagram type as well and/or more developed Fi?

Could be.

Something about his body language seemed unnatural to me in that interview, so I had a look at [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OILS4hPBYFc) which is a more informal environment. He loosens up and engages a bit more when he sees that his jokes are getting a good reception a few minutes in, which suggests lower Fe to me. It actually looks like he gets really into it towards the end with his theorising and seems to lose his sense of time. I'm not the gatekeeper of INTJs, though, so you could definitely be right. It's always easy to pull the "he/she is not exactly like me, therefore not [my type]" card without knowing it. :)

&gt;Yeah, Lucy Liu is enneagram type 1 so maybe more reserved than typical?

Ok, so I had a look through some other interviews and I now agree with you. [This one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XkEvj9CVbU) clinched it for me because we see her in a group setting exhibiting lots of attentive and supportive mannerisms suggestive of higher Fe. Her speech patterns and eyes "glazing over" matches what I've seen from the one (and only) INFJ I know in real life. I jumped around [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqtfdtTdA-A) a bit and the Ni is more evident because the questions are more complex and it's one-on-one.

&gt;I looked again, now I'm pretty sure Williams is an ENTJ. Same pattern as Jill Hennessy and Cobie Smulders, seems ENTJ women tend to be more openly friendly than ENTJ men for various reasons, which can be mistaken like Fe if we don't look too closely.

True. I'm not that confident with an Fe-dom typing but Je-dom does seem likely to me whichever way we slice it.
INTJ here. Not sure how to put this but I generally "know" when to get my arse moving, so to speak. What this means is that I procrastinate with a general idea of when I can afford to stop and start (weird, I know), but mind you, this is in reference to a deadline - a very critical aspect in all of this. 

The way I "deal" with it is by, in a sense, justifying it to myself with various reasons... once there is no logical reason left as to why I should carry on lazing around (albeit there may not always *be* one, but I am sure I can always *make* one) then that is kind of an alarm bell ringing. So what I am saying is that I "deal" with it by understanding it... I mean there is always a reason for it, right? Even if it's as simple as "it's booooring". If I can know *why* I am procrastinating then when the time comes and I suddenly realise and "know" that I should start getting my arse moving (finally), then I'll be able to because I'll know what the cause is and tackle it (problem solve, or try to). In regards to how exactly I know when I "know", well I don't know how I know, I just... know? You know? Can't explain to be honest. 

Saying that, procrastination for me is actually kind of rare; most of the time I can find a reason to do something and just carry on - a motivation of sort (mostly competition with others, if am honest here). In the end I know I will always get something done, I just have to, it's an impulse, especially if *responsibility* is involved, so there is no question about it!

Sidenote: don't generalise INTJs based on me, I realised a long time ago that in this INTJ bowl of oddballs, there are yet many more oddballs amongst these oddballs, and I may be just that in this particular case (or in any other topics). Not sure how other INTJs would deal with procrastination.INTJ - BSc Microbiology, going on to BDS Graduate Dentistry 

A bit of an unorthodox (and longer) pathway to go down, but it has its benefits. We **have** emotions. We **do** feel. We **are** human. As an INTJ, I got ENTJ. 

It's funny because if you look at the results from the others commenting, discounting those who scored their own type (narcissistic much?... Nah just messing, haha), a fair amount of people also got a type which is one "letter" different from theirs. 

Just an observation though, may not be very significant at all...  not sure what exactly this means, but interesting to ponder on.

INFP /u/BadgerKid96 got INFJ 

INFP /u/sabanmoon got ENFP 

ISFJ /u/theuniverselovesme got INFJ

INTP /u/Brotastic_Swag got INTJ

INTP /u/an0nycat got ENTP

INTP /u/heliotach712 got ENTP

ISFJ /u/JChiehko got ESFJ

ENFJ /u/lawdudette got ENTJ

INFP /u/Nate_Draws INFJ

INTJ /u/Valosken got INFJ

ENTP /u/peterparkerselb0ws got INTP

INFJ /u/lady-lilith got ENFJ

ISFJ /u/AccioMiranda ESFJ

ENFP /u/vanillamasala got ENFJ

ENTP /u/ScalSaver got ENFP

INFJ /u/heyyuppie got ENFJ

INTP /u/MissedtheFunny got ENTP

INFJ /u/lilbeethatdiedatsea  got INTJ

INTP /u/DakotaRayne got ENTP

*Excuse any mistake with names &amp; types, this was rushed.*

Note: I am indeed aware that there are plenty of others who fit into neither scenario.Yeah, just that little bit different.

However, even though there is just a difference of "single letter" here, one would have to look at the cognitive functions to say this for sure. Looking at just the letters does not give you a *proper* idea about the personality, especially if you have no prior knowledge of them. So even though a one-letter-difference might seem like just that - merely one, a closer look at the cognitive functions *could* reveal a different story.Okay, if that is true, then that seems like a matching observation. I guess the conclusion one could draw from this is that people would prefer for their ideal lovers to be at least 75% the same? If I am understanding this correctly...?

Sidenote: I had the same experience, most people that I found I could get along with quite well were one letter off mine, too. Yes, all that would make sense - well justified, too. 

I can't really comment about the whole ENFP thing... I haven't *fully* developed any relationships with any ENFPs; I don't think I know ones which I could say are 100% ENFP (without them taking the test)... so, yeah, that's that. This is really interesting! I've always found synesthesia fascinating, too. 

Can you describe how you picture/see an INTJ? 

Looking at your descriptions of the functions, in order, it seems like it starts off pretty much black and white, eventually fading out into a dark blue...? But how does this work in terms of the "body"... the way you described the ISTJ or ENFJ, for example.It is really cool that you have this ability because it sounds really amazing and fun too, I could certainly do with more "colourful thoughts" in my life, but I am not complaining.

Sidenote: I just realised something somewhat strange... You know those silly ("stupid") quizzes/games that most people play to pass time when they are bored? Those on buzzfeed and other such websites? 

Well, I've also done a fair few of those over the years whenever I was bored (please, don't judge me, haha). 

I remember I did so many of those quizzes trying to "type" your colour with titles such as:

"What Colour Best Describes Your Inner Personality?", "What Colour Is Your Aura?", "What Colour Is Your Soul?", "This Quiz Unveils Your Aura Colour", "Which Colour Best Represents You?", "This Visual Quiz Will Determine What Colour Your Soul Is", "What is Your True Colour Aura?" etc. (just to give you an idea...)

And you know what colours I got time, after time, after time? Almost all of the colours you described... by far the most common one the quizzes used to "type" me with was white, followed by grey and then black and occasionally violet/purple. 

Obviously I never took them seriously, they are just games to pass time with - I don't even know what algorithm they use to allocate people a colour - but nonetheless I found this a nice, surprising *coincidence*. First of all, this is really cool, so thanks for sharing!

My sins would be Pride and Sloth.

My virtues would be Temperance and Diligence.
Damn... I didn't expect [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnBQmEqBCY0) to be *that* accurate. Strange to see and hear someone who I can relate to *that* much!

Thanks for sharing!To be honest, I am seeing people typing this guy with such conviction and yet coming to different conclusions (INTJ? INTP? ISTP even?). The truth is that none of us here can *truly* know his type for sure, and in reality it does not matter to me personally, I just simply marveled at how much I could relate to how he speaks and acts. You can type him whatever *you* think is right, it does not really affect my stand :)
Everytime I've asked someone to take the test I just noted down their type just incase I forgot, looking back at the list I have 24 names. All of them are friends actually, no family members at all, apart from one cousin. 

1 fellow INTJ, 1 ENFP, 1 ESFP, 2 ESTJ's, 2 ENTP's, 2 ISTP's, 2 ISFP's, 2 ISFJ's, 3 INTP's, 3 INFJ's and 5 INFP's
It's just that my room is a disorganized mess though, but I realised when working/doing work/whatever else, I incessantly plan and organize things. That's where my confusion comes from. And many sites have described Ni as that "aha" moment, which is something I strongly relate to&gt; I'm too lazy to go for a lecture I know will be a waste of my time because I know I can learn it all on my own (maybe even better) by studying in the library.

&gt; As for change? I welcome it with open arms. With no change there is no progress.

Welcome to the INTJ club.You and /u/CritSrc, I think you two are being way too "exclusive" with iNtuition right now. If the guy scores consistently above 50 for MBTI tests, obviously there's some indication, no? 

Or are you saying you guys have tested as sensors constantly and that's why you think these test indicators are inaccurate :pI just find it hilarious how you guys completely chucked the possibility of INTP out the window for /u/diabolicalcats considering that it is what cats asked a comparison for. Also, yes, Ni is rare, and it's often hard to describe Ni with proper words. Most of the time I can't even describe Ni myself besides a "gut feeling". 

Don't be so quick to judge just because Ni is rare. Yes it is, but that doesn't mean it should be the reason why you cut the possibility of someone being a Ni dom. It's not some exclusive club where you have to validate someone in order to become a Ni dom.You know, I'd think someone who's questioning their type would've read through everything, while yeah, could be another person trying to "join the ranks" of INTJ, I don't think they would've needed to ask to make sure, OP could've easily have just slapped on the label without arguing his way through with two strangers on the internet.I have looked at the big picture, and I see that they're being quick to judge that someone is  Si dom merely because Nis are rare. Why don't you go and read properly?I had the reverse problem, I thought I was an ENTP but I realised after a while that I was just a pretty goofy INTJ. The only reason why I thought I was an ENTP was because I liked to troll people from time to time. 

The ENTPs I know are physical hermits though, they always seem to be more interested in doing their really weird projects.INTJ majoring in media arts. 

An INTJ in the arts, sounds weird, but not all INTJs love science and math (I'm personally more of a humanities person)Introvert here:

I just wished people would stop acting so shocked when I do try and be active/outgoing to participate in activities. Whenever I go into my silly playful mode I get the response "wow that's so not INTJ". I'm not my type based on my stereotype I'm an INTJ because of how I make decisions not how I act when having fun.

Just because I'm introverted that doesn't mean I'll be in a constant state of silence and moodiness.On my own, at my own pace (like online lectures/notes you have to read yourself)

I'm definitely more of a visuals/metaphors sort of person too so I use those to help me understand. I have a f*ck ton of mindmaps lying in my room.*I know, I know* many would argue an ENTP and an INTJ would look completely different, but I've always either ended up an an INTJ or an ENTP when I take the test.

So, I guess here is how I'd describe myself, someone please help type me :(

- While I am spontaneous, I think it's best described as planned spontaneity. For example, I would plan to hang out with someone on one day, but whatever happens during the day would be left open to whatever crops up.

- I'm not great with details, but at the same time I always have a general plan/idea of what I wanna do in the week/or in the day.

- I regularly have to force myself to appear outgoing but I'm actually really introverted, people just drain me. I go insane without having alone time to myself to think.

- Maybe it's an N dom thing, but I'm very oblivious to my surroundings. 

- I don't have detailed memories, for example, if I ate something and hated it, I won't remember what I hated about it, just that I generally didn't like what I ate.

- My room is a "disorganized mess" it looks messy as hell but I know where everything is. 

- I hate getting surprised, while I usually appreciate the sentiment, I get very bothered, when, for example, I get a surprise meal or dessert, my day's menu plan gets completely thrown off.

- I am able to think from multiple perspectives, it's just that I'm usually 99.99% I'm right, because usually, I am right.

- Enneagram type 4 if that helps?

- I'm extremely selective with the type of people I consider close friends, and while online I'm pretty open with a lot of stuff, I keep my deep feelings &amp; emotions a secret to everyone except close friends.

- I read people like a book and the moment I determine someone is full of BS I just stay away from them.

- I'm terrible at expressing emotions when I do have to, as my best friend would put it, I have the perfect resting bitch face - I look like I'm staring daggers half the time.

- I take forever to make a decision but when I do, I stick with it.

- I also take forever to decide if I like someone.

- I do like messing with friends and poking fun at them/being silly when I get comfortable with themAnyone who has had this dating combo? What are some areas of weakness I may have to keep an eye out for? 


As an INTJ, this sounds like something that would really annoy me after a while.Hmm I'm an introvert and I can agree with most of what you said. Possibly something to do with having Ne or Te as an extroverted function as opposed to Se or Fe?I think this would get on the nerves of pretty much any Te user in general.Instead of "should of" it should be "should have." "Of" doesn't make sense in that context because it's not a verb, but it's a relatively common mistake.I think he was talking more about the general state of society if a major portion of us were NT's. It would be interesting to say the least. Well, to be honest I'm not entirely sure. I don't think I (or anyone, for that matter) really would be able to predict what the consequences would be if you changed the mindset of a large portion of the population, but I'm sure it would have its positives and negatives. *I* might like it better, but it might not be the best for an INFP, even if they do get along with NT's well.Good?That's interesting. I don't think any ISTP I've ever known come off as "cold" or "boring." Honestly,  they've seemed like pretty outgoing and likeable people, especially for an introvert.I often find myself prioritizing the tasks I need to do. Which tasks are most important? Which have to happen first in order for me to start working on others? What can I afford to put off and what has to get done immediately?

Once I've decided on my order of tasks, I stick to it. Once I start something, I work on it until it's done. If I realize I need to do something else in the middle of a task, it gets prioritized and put in my task list wherever it needs to be. If you have a hard time keeping track of everything, write it all down. 

Obviously my style of Te involves a lot of Ni planning, so my very thought out and structured planning might not come naturally for an ENFP. And all of this is much easier said than done, and it's easy to get distracted or veer from your plans, even for me. But hopefully this helps.And I think that in addition to that, typology also gives us words and a common language to these things that may be difficult to explain otherwise.Thanks famNice, I just replaced my iPhone 4 a couple weeks ago.I think mostly IxFx types, but also ENxPs too. I usually seem to find other extroverts to be "too much."Also I think a lot of the tests that rely on the dichotomies (like N/S) use questions like "are you a practical person" to test for N/S. But since INTJs have Te, we can still seem pretty practical despite being an iNtuitive.
Father: ESTP

Mother: ISFJ

Me: INTJ

Brother: ENTP

Sister: INFJ

Idk how that happened.I like to think of mine as a sort of lazer web full of mirrors. A lot of the time these mirrors sort of shift around semi-randomly, so the lazer themselves sometimes bounce off a couple mirrors or maybe just one or two before reflecting back off into the surrounding emptiness that they came from. But what really exciting is when those mirrors line up just right and everything lights up and all the connections flow really smoothly.I think of the movement of the mirrors is more of a subconscious thing (you know, Ni) but at the same time I feel like I do have some degree of control over how they reflect to reach some target/goal. I think it has something to do with how much experience I have with a certain goal. Like if it's something I've done before or know well, the mirrors sort of line up to hit that target pretty effortlessly. But if I'm trying to solve some problem and I've never seen anything like it before, it takes some random shuffling of the mirrors until I get it just right and we find that one connection that all of a sudden makes everything just click.At least for me personally, the way I see it is that society as a whole is stupid, but that society is made up of individuals who all have their own strengths and weaknesses.Yeah I've known some ENTx that spend a lot of their free time by themselves.INFPs sometimes scare me by how much they seem to "get" me when few people really do. 

Also, I would argue that my appearance is *not* exactly great when I'm sitting alone at home on reddit, but in public, sure.I've been meaning to do something like this. Thanks for the reminder lol.Honestly, even as another Ni-dom (INTJ) this can bother me sometimes about INFJs. Like when I make my assumptions, I usually can turn around and logic them out. INFJs just seem to pull stuff out of nowhere sometimes.Shit that's me. Where are these people in real life?Isn't it the other way around? Maybe I'm wrong, but isn't deductive logic reasoning something out step-by-step and inductive logic a pattern based system?

Regardless, I can see where you're coming from. I guess I wasn't trying to say that you guys just pull stuff out of thin air. Just that my Te is bothered by, like you said, that lack of deductive (inductive?) reasoning. 

I do make a lot of assumptions too, just as a Te user I sort of have a need to back it all up with hard logic (and sometimes I realize I can't, which forces me to rethink things).To be fair, I'd be pretty itchy about everything if I were alive for 200 years and saw the world blown to shit in a nuclear apocalypse.Now I understand why one of my friends calls me his "therapist" lolYou never know, you might not turn 40 on your 40th birthdayfuck.INFJ

Mechanical Engineering

Though I actually just recently scored an internship in the medical devices field, and that's leaning towards the biomedical engineering side of things.More like stealth archer, amiriteHonestly I feel like I get the most out of people just by sitting there not saying a thing. A lot of people will just talk if you let them.Youre right that there are definitely exceptions. I know there was one ESFP who I actually really liked (both in terms of personality and being attracted to them). But she wasnt really what you'd consider a "stereotypical" ESFP so make of that what you will.what
My results were:

58% INTJ
13% ENTJ
9% INTP
7% ENTP
5% INFJ

And this is honestly exactly how I feel. I am definitely an INTJ, with some tendencies of an ENTJ. I feel that I am also somewhat perceiving while l am dominantly judging.

I don't know all that much about Jungian typing or Socionics, but this test has given me the most satisfying results of any test I've taken.Fulfillment. I just want to feel like I didn't waste my life when I get to the end.You just described me. 20 year old INTP/INTJ
I will look into the psychological theory behind this, care to point me to any literature? It took a lot of thought to wrap my head around it, but I do think this is a generally good thing. Not so much for knowing myself, but for a deeper understanding of others. I can now categorize people to assist with a previously unknown attribute (I actually just took the personality from people I had known and could associate them with others). 

Thank you.I enjoyed that, thank you.So under loose direction from a manager everyone in our department took this personality test. I got INTJ, I started reading what it means to be INTJ and this was almost spooky levels of accurate. The only thing it missed is I have a very high level of empathy and a lot of the weaknesses don't seem to apply (or worse, they still apply and I am only tricking myself into believing i have empathy... this thought scares me) But either way as i read i thought of it like being similar to horoscope BS and wondered if I could relate to every personality type... To my amusement I could barely relate to any of them. This alone gives me confidence that the system is not flawed. But I read these posts and i see "I am an ENFP so as you know i like X" and all i translate it to is something like "OMG this is totally something a cancer would say but..." I don't know if thats clear. 

Why does this feel silly? Is there something I could read or something someone would say that would make it less silly?

As i type this i just got a thought... god help me... Nobody say "It's because you are an INTJ and you don't see the point to it."
Mormon INTJ here and I have multiple INTP friends that are as well.
I'm very satisfied. And ThankfulI'm disappointed with INTJs being Dark, but I can't disagree with you... Am INTJ, can confirm.Such as Si, it sometimes reflects selfishness. This is an idea I've had for a bit. Fe and Dancing in public seems as a natural pairing. Would Fe users be the only ones that are really comfortable Dancing in Public?



Edit: Turns out I was incredibly incorrect! Need to revise my "theories"
Thanks for all the responses! 
Si is like knowing a guitar chord by knowing each string/fret individually. 

Ni is like knowing a guitar chord by the way it sounds.

Now take that concept and apply it to ideas. Si users can recall events by the details in them. You know all the little things that happened and exactly how they happened. Ni users can recall events by their summary or overall  effect (i.e. the "big picture"), and because an idea can involve a sequence of events, they know what event is gonna come up next.

Si user: My dad was an engineer and he's making a lot of money. I will become an engineer to make a lot of money. *Hard facts, well defined details that you can follow*

Ni user: Engineering is hard, and few people can do it. People generally value skills that are hard to learn. I will become an engineer to make a lot of money. *More blurry ideas and general trends that you can follow*

The Si user relies on details that they know, "bits" of information that they have stored, and that they can use. The Ni user relies on entire ideas or concepts that they have stored. They realize that what they are seeing matches up to the idea or trend that they have seen already, and from that know what's going to happen in the future.

Of course it is much more blurry and subconscious. I'm an Ni user and I'm not aware of this thinking process, the same way your mind "just remembers the feeling".&gt; I will NEVER manipulate you unless I think it is for a greater good

And this is the biggest problem. What you think is the greater good won't always actually be the greater good, and when it's not, you're doing the wrong thing without realizing it, and still being convinced that you're doing the right thing.

Usually it's not a big issue, but when someone is dumber or more misguided, this is a constant annoyance.It's more of a problem when they manipulate you and still do not realize that what they're doing is wrong. This wouldn't be an issue with dumb or misguided people who don't manipulate you.The problem is that it's subjective. When you talk about emotions and morality, different people have different opinions that may be equally valid. You might not be wrong but that's just it, there is no right or wrong, it's just that your target disagrees with you. You have every right to believe in your version of the greater good, and they can't argue with you because you have that right, so it can cause a lot of frustration.You sound fucking horrible thenEasy mode:

-ENFJ

-INFP

-ISFJ


Picked ENFJ and INFP because of their "bad apples", ISFJs because of their general characteristics.

ENFJs are prone to severe arrogance when they're in power that causes them to think that their personal values define the ultimate objective good (I think x is the right thing to do therefore everyone must do it). Can also be very stubborn on subjective matters where there is no right or wrong answer. Very emotional and sometimes unwilling to admit it can be a problem. Neil DeGrasse Tyson and his /r/iamverysmart antics are illustrative of what I mean. ENFJs might be the main reason behind the creation of /r/raisedbynarcissists

INFPs without a well developed sense of logic wallow in self-pity and emotion even when the slightly tedious or painful solution is right in front of them. If they believe something with too much conviction they'll fuck up an entire situation (e.g. politics) to get their way. They'll major in lesbian dance therapy then complain about not making a 6 figure salary.

The majority of ISxJs I've met, known or interacted with value routine and stability over the right type of change (or worse, innovation). With ISTJs it's manageable as they can get productivity and efficiency out of it. ISFJs, however, will live uncomfortable lives and even hurt themselves (e.g. by staying in abusive relationships) to maintain a false sense of order, familiarity or group harmony.

Hard mode: Replace ENFJ with ISFP, they can be dramatic artsy fartsy types and will do dumb shit for the thrill sometimes.

Well it's better than saying "DAE hate ____s?"
**MBTI type:** INTJ (5w4)

**Hogwarts house:** Ravenclaw

**Ilvermorny house:** Thunderbird

**Wand:** Ash wood with a Unicorn hair core 14 ½" and Unyielding flexibility

**Patronus:** Eagle
How do you mean?I would say Se-Ni have an easier time "reading people" since the entire point is to notice small details and realize how they are significant.Honestly the tests around are pretty dumb. The best way is to read about it and come to your own decisionStrange that someone would think they have two polar opposite functions as dominant
Neutral evil hu!Aw man so now I have to watch Supernatural?I am not. LolUhhhhhhh.....I'd be wondering where I went wrong in my life to end up there. Probably the fact that I'm an uncaring asshole! Shit I must have missed the memo! I never have something snappy to say. After I leave defeated I think of something brilliant but the moment is over lol. Well whatever makes you happy I guess. I just don't like being dragged around my extrovert friends. Like they want interaction and attention ALL THE TIME. Parties and giant group events and ughhhh utter hell for someone like me. I honestly prefer to hang out with introverts because we're generally pretty chill. We don't have to talk ALL THE TIME. We can sit in silence for a long while, doing our own thing. And we like smaller groups. 

I actually had an EXTREMELY extroverted friend that craved attention. He needed me to text him all the time, hang out with him all the time. Just overall needy. He drained *all* of my energy when I hung out with him. He is a nice guy, but I can only take him in very small doses (which is true for most of my extraverted friends: I can only handle them in small doses!)The "smell of home" and a crackling fire. Aaaahhhhhh. I *accept* nihilism as truth...I dunno, the word "believe" bothers me in a way. Sorry to be THAT guy haha, but I understand your question! 

As said before I'm INTJ and I'm a nihilist. I'm seeing a lot of INTP suggestions though. Ah! I'm the Emperor!! I feel so awesome! Cause I feel like it and because I want to. 

That's really it haha. No one really has a purpose. I live cause I like being alive. I don’t think this thought has ever crossed my mind? Haha.Tbh I had more of [this](https://i.imgur.com/Ed4LdEW.jpg) expression when I read it. 

I had to read it a few times and I was like...wait...some people feel this way?? Who gives a shit?!No, this thought doesn’t even cross my mind haha. I want for people to like me of course, but I don’t have a fear of disappointing them in the slightest. 😅 I suppose I just don’t care. 

I’m sorry that you fear this so badly! That sounds like it could become crippling, like in situations you mentioned, how sometimes the fear is so strong it makes you avoid them. It’s easier said than done but not giving a shit really makes it easier haha. I hope things get better for you!For me when I was reading it I was like “wow....rude.”Hmmm. A cult leader isn’t a bad idea.Get her to take the test? More accurate than asking us.Depends. Do you need this knowledge or do you just need to pass the class? Do what you gotta do to pass. But at the same time, if this is stuff you will need to know for your future career, then cheating won’t ultimately help you.Hunger Games girlI love vacations. Doing what I want when I want. These comments are scaring me. Who the hell wants to go back to work?I wouldn’t be in it. I’d be watching and laughing from a safe area, like the guy next to us.
Anecdotal:  
Dad: INTP  Mom: ESFJ (possibly ISFJ?)

Kids: 
ENTJ
INTP
ENFP
ISTJ
INTJ
INFJ
ISFJ
ISTJI am an INTJ.  My best roommate ever tested as an INTJ, but I think she was really an ENTJ with social anxiety.  We were always on the same wavelength and we never really fought.  It was great.1) What is your MBTI type? INTJ

2) What is your gender? Female

3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?) ENTJs.  They get so much stuff done.  I wish I could be that efficient and hardworking.

4) What type(s) do you Love/adore? ENFPs, INFJs

5) What type(s) are the most dateable? (in order) ENTJ, ENFP, ENTP

6) What type(s) would you be willing/want to marry? ENTJ, ESTJ, possibly ENFJ

7) What type(s) make wonderful friends? my closest friends are INTJ, ENFP, and INFJ, but I'm also pretty close with ENTJ sister.

8) What type(s) make you LAUGH? My INFJ and ISTJ brothers make me laugh a lot.  I don't know if there's a specific type that's funnier to me though.

9) What type(s) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with? ESFJ. I just don't really get them.

10) What type(s) can you not stand/dislike/respect? INFP.  They're so "fake deep", for lack of a better term.1. Competence, good ideals that are carried out well.  You need more than an inspirational mission statement, you need a way to practically carry it out and be effective. I respect intelligent individuals who get shit done.  I also have a lot of respect for people who have a plan and stick to it, and do what they love even if it's not necessarily the most practical thing.

2. I don't like people who are extremely touchy-feely.  I don't want to sit around and talk about my feelings with strangers, it makes me uncomfortable. Also people who always need to be the center of attention drive me crazy.

3. I remember a lot--I am fairly oblivious to the things around me, but the things I do notice I tend to remember.  I have a lot of random details I'll remember, usually because there was something significant to me about them.

4. future.  I'll plan out future conversations for example, and envision the most likely scenarios and how I'd respond to them (and most of the time it goes exactly how I thought it would).  I like talking about practical things, but big picture practical.  Like lets talk philosophies and worldviews, but lets make it stuff that's actually applicable to people's lives. I daydream a lot, mostly about conversations I'd want to have with people.  

5. I think I'd rather have someone else talk about it, because I feel like I'd learn more about it that way.  But if it's something I know a lot about, I'd rather be the one talking.

6. Psychology--rather be listening, I'm very interested, but I have a lot to learn.  Rather be talking--morality issues. 

7. I probably wouldn't confront them unless I was close to them--otherwise I would consider it none of my business.  Unless it was harming other people, in which case I'd feel bound to step in.  I would probably first try to get them to admit it's a bad thing to do, rather than trying to shove my ideals down their throat.  Manipulate them into stopping if I can.  If I know them very well, I would probably just be honest and let them know I don't support what they're doing.

8. Trying new foods--sign me up.  Traveling--I would need to go with someone who knows what they're doing.  If it's something I'm not that interested in and it costs a lot of money (scuba diving, sky diving) then no.  But if the people around me really want me to do it, I'd certainly consider it.  I would not normally do things like that though.

9. I'm pretty even-keeled and quiet.  Sarcastic too.  People have called me cold, and a couple people have thought I hated them when I didn't.  I don't come off as emotional at all, I'm very rational.  Quiet and reserved.  I choose my words carefully, but once I get talking sometimes I need to pause to think of the right words.  I try to finish my sentences, but sometimes I need to start a new one in the middle because I've come up with a new thought.  I interrupt all the time, usually when something they've said reminds me of something or gives me an idea.  I don't like being interrupted, but I'm okay with it if we're discussing an idea and the other person understands what I was going to say. I don't feel I have a ton of energy, but sometimes I get antsy if I'm not doing anything. Once I've made the decision to get up, I can get up.

10. If I explain something (in a way that I think is perfectly clear) and then they ask me a question I already answered in my explanation, that's annoying.  Or like if I'm talking about something and they focus on one unimportant detail and talk about that--that's not the point!

11. A while.  I usually talk to others about it and try to get their input. Bouncing my ideas off other people helps me think about it more clearly.  I would discuss things with affected parties once I've made my decision. No, not likely to change my decision.  I don't experience big changes that often, I don't know how easily I adapt.  

12. 22, F, American.INTJ- I can be incredibly warm and caring--but only to my close friends. you gotta earn it.1.  I'm not sure how to describe it.  I'm in my thoughts all the time, usually carrying out a conversation with a person I know, especially future scenarios and conversations I see myself having with them.  I'm constantly thinking about all the different ways things could play out, and can usually figure out almost exactly how someone will react in real life by using this process.  I also talk to myself a lot. I find that I get a lot of my thoughts sort of out in the open by going through them with myself, conversation style.  


2. a)Really good conversations, where I learn a lot about a subject or a person.  They're such a bonding experience.  "Really good conversation" for me is usually about big picture stuff or about very personal stuff. 

b) I'm super interested in psychology and what makes people tick and why they do the stupid things they do.

c)When people actually listen to my advice and do it.  That's exciting.  I like to see people succeed1) I think I mostly run through hypothetical scenarios of what could have happened.  

2) Big picture, for me, is like talking about things like humanity and politics and literature but not going into all the little details, more like the themes that reoccur.  For example, rather than talking about specific political policies, talking about why humans do certain things and what kinds of approaches would work and not work to implement various programs.  

3)That's a tough question.  There are so many factors, and I can't say I understand people that well.  Psychology tells us that about 60% of our actions are influenced by environment, 30% by personality, and 10% by beliefs.  That tells me that I could make anyone do just about anything given the right environment, which is kind of crazy.  People are so socially wired that, given the right situation, they'll even commit mass suicide. Moral of the story, it's pretty hard to judge other people.  You'd probly do something just as bad in the right situation.

4) I like seeing people succeed in general. Well, mostly the people I care about, I don't pay much attention to the success of random people. Whether I gave them advice or not, I like seeing them succeed.  But if I'm the one who helped get them there, it's my success too, so that's an added bonus.&gt; 
&gt; Alright so let's dive deeper into this. Give me some of your thoughts on why humans do what they do and how it ties into political topics, how does it affect your opinion on how to implement things?

Well, my opinion is constantly shifting as I gather more information, but, like for example, when people talk about how to help those below the poverty line there's a lot of talk about how handouts don't help. And I agree that handouts aren't the answer--but they can be part of the answer.  I think that the most important thing is giving people the tools they need to get themselves out--because that's how you learn to survive and thrive.  Like, children who grow up rich often don't have the kind of drive they need to succeed because they've never had to work for it.  I think people need that kind of push to be better and do better.  On the other hand, that's not an excuse for the government to not help those who need it, and basic necessities like food, shelter, and basic healthcare should be taken care of.  But the focus should be more on improving education, especially in more impoverished areas, and especially from early on in children's development.  1) I don't know.  I mean, I am practical, but I would also say I'm pretty idealistic.  And, as with most people, I think, I have my practical dreams and my "shoot for the stars" kind of dreams. 

2) I don't understand how to relate to people. For the most part, people like me, but I have a hard time with following all the social rules.  I'll end up saying something that I shouldn't say without knowing it, and that kind of holds me back from being more successful. I also think a lot of those rules are dumb and I can kind of see why they're important to people, but I just don't care enough.  If I could get better at charming people, though, I think I'd be a lot more successful, whether in work, or in relationships, or whatever.Mine were Mr. Darcy (INTJ), Ben Wyatt (INTJ), Marshall Eriksen(ENFP)How would you most easily tell the difference between these two types--if there was one question you could ask them to figure it out, what would it be?

I have a friend I'm having trouble typing and I think I've lowered it down to these two--It doesn't help that I don't know any ESTJs, but I do know at least one ENTJ.I'm having a bit of difficulty typing my friend.  

He is:

-an extrovert

-doesn't consider himself a natural leader

-hardworking

-has long-term goals he's been working towards a long time

-future-oriented

-values logic and empiricism above all

-hates morally grey areas, prefers to think in black and white

-fairly traditional

-enjoys theoretical discussions

At first I wanted to say ESTJ, but the types of conversations we have are a lot more like conversations I have with N types than S types--he loves talking about theories and ideas.  He also was definitely raised in a family of SJs, but he's not very close with anyone in his family, which makes me think he may be an NT type but with a lot of SJ qualities because of the way he grew up.
Intj: code ;I would not disregard socionics because like MBTI, it is a pathway of understanding the mind-- even if it's based on conceptual construct.Am I the only one?  

INTPCome to /r/intj and feel free to join the 70% of people of the MBTI community. Def INTJ
34% INTJ

27% INFJ

9% ENTJ

9% INTP

6% ENFJdont take me seriously on this sub or on /r/intjbecause you are rare

you are gifted as an infj

no will understand you

you are the unicornthat's an intj fantasy with an infjI'm ESFPI'm INFPI'm ENTJtyYour choice of words and flow of description makes me think you are Isfp.Female ASMR youtubers: idk what type they are but I fall in loveNYU - ENTJI'm not a weeabooNi: celestial foresight
Te: just do it
Fi: knock before enter
Se: was she flirting with me? gg lol isfp People take mbti to a perverted level. 
From your real experience, how has mbti helped you as a person? Also thoughts about intj?Engineering major? INTJFJINJFINJFTPPTINFPTPINFTPsamethats why were here.

its a game within a gameayyy lmaoI go through a rotation of each type throughout the week. wut lmaothank youthen i say that your comment that you posted is ignorant No different from this sub**INTJ**

Christopher Hitchens

Paul Krugman 

Elon Musk

myself

**??**

Gary JohnsonWho's in your party? I'll allow Tumblr links for the fun of it.I know the Don is a great example of ESTPI will genuinely say that I try not to assume other people's MB-type.

 Especially when I know that the person that I'm trying to type is based on stereotypes and the other percentage as my self-judgement of them. 

If I had 30 people type me,  I'm positive that I would get a mix range based on many factors, internal and external. For one, if I were to be typed online then in person, the result would most definitely not be concise. 


All I'm saying is, how can you honestly type someone and leave it be? How confident are you that your type is truly your type? What **if** an MBTI specialist  told you have mis-typed yourself the whole time?

The more questions that are asked about MBTI, the more the indicator seems fuzzy.  To me anyways.


INTJ here.

Texting sucks. It's inefficient and mostly gets misinterpreted.

Talking gets everything done in one session, instead of 10 texts back and forth.I think there is not enough (diverse)content right now for me to enjoy it.Yes.Can you rephrase the question?INTJ - Python, because of its simplicity and capabilities.That's not why it's likely.Ditto.I can't even think of one.:|More like a non-emoticon, amirite guys?
both on mosthttps://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4037e3/where_do_you_land_on_the_political_compass/

This was pretty nice.Also in Sweden, I agree.Really good.Nail down the end goal.

Think of possible solutions. (some prototyping if needed)

Discard the obviously bad/overcomplex ones.

Do magic.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg2076b5Lqc

cuz im gonna see them next week1. no
2. yes
3. no
4. no
5. no
6. no
7. think and do
8. gaming and listening to musicdare to pick one?congratulations1. Problem solving, sorting, planning.
2. Performing bad.
3. Someone taking advantage of someones weakness for his own gain.
4. Low standards.
5. Letting a friend down concerning something I should be of help.It was a decoy, trust me.INTJ 8w9I would say ISTP.

*PS. I don't know shit about MBTI.*it makes me sickIt gets me motion sick and looks messy/unstructured. :(It's noon...hence my comment.

not saying it out loud, but trying to make him realise it himself.support hereyy deffIt's all so cluttered, would give me the creeps.

My desktop, as a reference: https://i.snag.gy/Kn0G6b.jpg^*about*
I feel you. I'm an XNTJ and can't really fall into either I or E. I'm seriously 50/50 I took the test 3 times in the span of 2 years and still fall 50/50 in that spectrum. 
There's a goal in mind that I want to take the lead and other times where I just want to create, be alone and not alone.18, US, Mixed.

http://imgur.com/sQ358coHot, but you're an S type :/If only you had intuition...That's romantically put well, i'm impressed &lt;3&lt;3Thank you for this. I agree.
Tried a cognitive functions test?  It will tell you if you use Si or Ni as dominant function - http://www.celebritytypes.com/cognitive-function/test.php

I'm INTJ, my dad's ISTJ and we're similar but different. Mostly when it comes to thinking what's possible/realistic.I thought I was INFJ or INFP only based on the letters. Cognitive functions tests (taken quite a few) show that I use Te, not Fe. So INTJ it is, even if I doubted it at first. I saw INTJ as something positive but I felt I was "only different", not rare like INTJ. 

Both my parents were ESTJ based on 16personalities, but according to cognitive functions  (both the above test and keys2cognition) dad is ISTJ and mom ESFJ. *le Si*
Well, obviously hes fictional -_- But my question was If you can group him up like a "regular person".What personality type does Sheldon Cooper have? I mean, hes obviously suffering from textbook aspergers aswell as maybe obsessive compulsive disorder (hence the constant rituals and bacteria phobia) but Ive always wondered what personality type he Is, anyone got any answers?
INTJ here with the same problem. Makes me feel ditzy!It's such an awful circle jerk!
39% ISTJ
16% INFJ
16% INTJ
7% ESTJ
7% INTP
I'm an INTJ. Some of the questions (such as the one about airplanes and food) were not the best indications of personality, but I can see that they could be good predictors. I think this is part of the reason I don't fully agree with the results I got. The test was very interesting, though.Retested and got results that are more accurate with what I agree with (I'm an INTJ).
 
43% INTJ

20% ISTJ

11% INTP

8% ENTJ

8% INFJcurrent: INTJ

introvert: INTP

extrovert: ENTP (close second is ENTJ)
Libertarian - INTJ
Would anyone be interested if I were able to portray this in a graph format from the data provided?This link essentially gives you 10 questions and will provide you with your "intelligence", aligning (generally) with Dr. Gardner's theory on Multiple Intelligences. Obviously essentially it's an internet quiz, but I was wondering if there are any correlation between your MBTI type and your "Intelligence". Comment below your type (unless you have a flair) and your Intelligence type, link is http://psychology.about.com/qz/What-Kind-of-Intelligence-Do-You-Have  

Edit: Would anyone be interested if I were able to portray this in a graph format from the data provided? 
Oh, hes a FPTIBI (fictional person that idiots believe In) He shares this trait with Jesus.Right, lets all believe In fictional characters portrayed In books. Hey, why dont I start worshipping Jedi? You know, beacuse "It's hard to prove" they dont exist?Idiocy should not be tolerated.Id be happy to inform everyone there that they are mouth breeding morons. Might have to make a new account though, thanks to all the downvotes that will come from such a move.If a grown man said he believed In Santa? You would laugh at him, correct?Democracy Is overrated, If It were up to me, stupid people wouldn't be allowed to even vote, If you're an idiot, you shouldn't be allowed to decide the fate of the world.And you would be ok with this man having the ability to vote and make choices that would affect your life?If young people (like me) don't show up to vote, they don't get to complain about how things are. And of course they are not being listened to If they don't voice their opinion.IF there was something fundamentally wrong with how all INTJ's view the world, I agree, we should not be allowed to vote.
IME, ENFPs bounce around from new thing to new thing because they like the thrill of it, ENTPs bounce around because they find the learning/thinking about something new to be fun.INTJ says "fuck you!"may be coincidence, but this could explain why 70% of my INTP friends are musicians. if they can't communicate these thoughts and musings in words, this is the next best thing. plus they get a layer of these unexpressable feelings you talk about in their music for free.
That was kinda my thought as well. As an INTJ I have many of the same problems, just by nature of the stacking I don't brood over them in the same way, I sorta just roll with it. A strong empathy-type like INFJ or some ENFJs can tell you what you're feeling through their own intuition process. I'm married to an INFJ. And it's not always fun for this reason lol. She can tell what I'm feeling and has already reacted to my feeling and is 10 mins ahead of me in the conversation because I'm not even really sure what I'm feeling yet!
offer to do her taxes. Fe chicks generally can't stand that sort of thing.  ;)okay fine, what do you feel about...stuff?I always reserve the right to "just know" something.
there isn't one. I "just know".

I've never seen the film "The Social Network", I know I'm going to hate it. This is based on nothing, I just know it.

I knew I liked my wife within one second of meeting her.

I had Thai food last night and tried something new, and as soon as they set it in front of me I knew immediately I wouldn't like it without tasting it or smelling it or anything. I ate it anyway, but sure enough it wasn't good.

I "just know", immediately, and often based on absolutely nothing. And that's intuition.good explanation. See, I even actually read the whole thing before writing this comment.  :PI would challenge you to reframe your thinking from "is this Gospel" to "when is this useful". Any system attempting to describe the infinitely complex be it people or prime numbers will ultimately be a simplification. That's not news. The interesting question is, "what do you use this for?" 

(and just FYI, it's not always useful to you about you, some of it is so other people have the ability to describe you more deeply than they could otherwise. For instance you introduced yourself as ENTP and later thought INTP. That already tells me you're that flavor of a person as opposed to one who would waggle between ESFJ and ISFJ. Indeed in my life most of mbti isn't employed to understand myself as much as it is to understand others.)Agreed. If it's not useful to him, then so be it. However any sweeping judgement would be inaccurate, because it is very useful to me!I have employees under me at work. Off the top of my head, if someone knows their type, I can already get a sense of their personality, because not all jobs are created equal. And I want to be clear here, this isn't Gospel, and these aren't 100% statements. So when I say I wouldn't put an ESFJ at a desk job running excel all day and never working with people, I don't mean any ESFJ is completely incapabale of doing the job, I mean that I'd wager 80% or better of the ESFJs would get a higher job satisfaction doing something else. In the end it's about optimizing, keeping everyone happy, and turnover low and productivity up. All because me as the interviewer / boss can get a sense of when you're in your element and when you're not with four letters. Now, I always place people above the typing. I'd never refuse anyone a position based solely on that if it's really what they wanted to do. But even so empirically for our company, introverts do better in front of computers, stocking, etc, and extroverts do better on the phone / interacting with customers / etc. 

It's not Gospel, it's descriptive and not predictive, but it's descriptiveness is pretty damn good when you're an employer asking questions about how and why different people respond to different jobs the way they do.INFP or INTPTe Ni here and I always do very well on those tests. 

The short version is that's exactly what IQ is, the ability to think about problems in an abstract way. If you want others try EQ. Note also the ability to think is incidental to how you are wired. I've known INTJs to flunk out of school and just couldn't figure it out, and I've known ESFJs with 160 IQs who, by virtue of their personality, just never used it and appeared quite ditzy. ESFJ because they don't know what it is so how could they admit it? Spoken like a true INTP. Hence, useful. I'm sure this is funny if only it weren't so boring to read. No. All of it is skill and most directly related to practice. Intj - "bye." fair enough. "GOOD-bye."

better?  ;)
If I'm an intj and water is feeling and I'm in a boat, I can tell you then that water in the boat is generally a bad sign. 

Metaphor checks out. Oh i love fill in the blanks. I'm going to start with :

ESFJ, unpleasant dear INTP,

some people say you think too much.

today you are.

be you.

-INTJprogrammer, and I like it by doing it well.

I am also quite literal, which helps.  :o)INTJ reporting in ---

I cannot express how much we would be best friends if you led with one of your example sentences.I am perpetually passing time. I will still be doing the same thing after I am no longer living. Though at that point it will take far less effort.Ni here. Basically, I reserve the right to "just know" something. I've never seen the film The Social Network. Why? Something in me just knows I won't like it. I love my wife. Why? I just do. It's that simple. The list goes on...

Where an Ne would "just know" something like "yeah he'll like that restaurant," as an Ni my intuitions are pointed inwards. You're an ISTP.

read several profiles because they're quirky, and a badly written description can send you in the wrong direction.

(I do assessments professionally at work)
reading the *way in which* you analyze what you are contemplating about your personality types. not the words themselves, but the logic and the tools you are actually using as you engage with this question. very clearly ISTP in exploratory mode.

and as the cherry on top, ISTPs sometimes confuse themselves for INFJ, because the functions are NiFeTiSe vs TiSeNiFe. these two types often find a lot of similarities when they get to talking.
ISTPs in their purest form are two things:

1) they are highly connected to their body and physicality. They are best at solving problems related to physical things. My brother is an ISTP. He holds the record for an escape room here in town. He's good with his hands and with physical problems. This in-tune-ness with the body and physicality is WHY many ISTPs gravitate towards motorcycles and airplanes, but it's not necessarily a requirement. Chess? not so much. He likes thinking and is a thinker, but it's not naturally his element when it's thinking as applied to strategy and the uselessly abstract. Free-play solve-it problems like Kerbal Space Program and Factorio and Minecraft? He logs TONS of hours on games like those.

2) they expect to have a mastery (or at least competency) of almost everything. ISTPs make reasonalby good actors (Anna Kendrick, and Christian Bale come to mind -- Christian Bale is flawless at every role he takes (go see "HOSTILES", it's out now. it's not a "fun" movie, but he's so good in it)). My brother describes it as "it's like if you were suddenly heading towards a cliff. THAT MOMENT is exactly the wrong time to be figuring out, 'what should I do if I'm heading towards a cliff,' you should already have an action planned and the reflex mastered so you can  avoid going over the cliff." He wants to know about all personality types, because in a situation with friends or a crush, he'll want to "use" that element of that personality, as if it were a tool in a toolbag. He wants to know everything about computers, because when it breaks he wants to have an idea how to fix it. In a moment where urgency is required, the absolute last thing he wants to do it to have to take that critical moment to stop and pause and "figure out" what to do.

As to your specific questions, ISTPs (like anybody) can be many different things. Some value money, some don't. Some are assholes, some aren't. Some are thrill-seekers, some aren't. This is equally true for ESFJs I know, INFJs I know, INTJs I know, etc.

btw mechanical engineer sounds perfect for an ISTP. like, perfect perfect. maybe you should just embrace it and test drive a motorcycle this spring... ;)

edit: ps the romanticized-version of ISTP is they also make excellent Secret Service agents, spies, and James Bond. HIGHLY aware of physical surroundings and threats, can kill as a part of the role without emotions, and very good with the specialized tools and gizmos the lab works up. If Q gives him a watch that explodes, he'll take the moment he needs that ability and use it without hesitating. He never second-guesses himself in crisis, he just reacts. It's awesome.





I read your post history, I vote INFP along with the rest. Typically highly-imaginative, it sometimes take awhile in life to figure out how this deep and ethereal almost dream-world can find a practical job that solves a practical need in the real world. It's the opposite of how you're built. This comes with a lack of confidence especially in younger INFPs because you have a sense that you're not good at X Y and Z things the world/job/teachers/people want you to be good at. I can see this lack of confidence in just how many times you've asked people to type you. Your goal (in life) will be to learn to accept yourself, and find a balance between your inner life and your outer life. Some INFPs are writers, some are musicians, and some hold a day job that's completely unrelated to pay the bills and space out and daydream when they have time, and that's okay too.

without getting to know you personally, the "10 years" is a big clue. 25-year-olds think about different things than 35-year-olds. is ME really what you want to do with your life? Or is there a part of your life you find unhappy, and your job is one of the dials on your life you can turn to see if that makes a difference? my brother did spend some time in therapy to help him think through some things, though ironically (in good hilarious ISTP fashion), after a few months he realized he was having a breakthrough about every third week, so he dropped down to once every three weeks. :P  Then after a while he had enough figured out that he doesn't go anymore. but for that season where he was asking life-questions, having an outside perspective helped a lot!
interesting. it IS perfectly possible for F-types to be good at thinking and ending up in research and engineering jobs! Maybe it is one of the other types then!oh eleven is a total INTP. I've known a few. they're in their heads that much. observant and quick to learn and smart, just spacey about it.also I'd've guessed Hopper is ESTJ as opposed to N. It's not enough to know there's a tunnel system, he's gotta find it and dig it and then jump into it. strikes me as more of a sensory person than an intuitive.also also LOL @ Karen.I read your arguments too about his quickness to grasp and accept the upside-down and they're pretty strong too. I don't know anymore!
true. though his backstory was that he was pretty emotionally dead to start with. i always appreciated how step by step and methodical he was at piecing things together. even in early season 1 at the lab, after they see the security tapes, he says something like, "I don't know, but they're lying." stated the fact. plain and simple. I always appreciated that.
I would like to know what you think about Mr Clark!
I'm an INTJ and I don't approve of you knowing things about me.
You've got top down and started in a good direction...now go bottom up and confirm. Read an intj profile. Sound like you? Now read an intp profile. More you? Less you? If Ti is that high for you this process should be easy. Then read infp. More you or less you? ENTP. Keep going and see. ISTP
healthily? with a quick feedback system. I'll explicitly tell my new friends: "now, the way I work is I come up with a theory, and I present it for feedback. I'm not saying it's right or wrong; in fact I'm happy to be proven wrong, but with that said, here's what I'm thinking now..."

unhealthily? by making and sticking to gut decisions based on absolutely nothing. I've still not seen "The Social Network." Everyone says it's a great movie. I just don't want to see it. I'm sure I'll hate it and I just don't want to. Try to argue all you want, I just won't.This one.

Either entj and he's miserable for his loneliness

Or intj and he's miserable because he hasn't yet figured out how to overcome his surroundings.

(or either and he's just not smart (it happens). The T represents thinking over feeling and this doesn't necessarily mean he's actually good at thinking. He abstracts and plots but maybe his ideas just never work out.) I was gonna laugh if intj "at their best" also said "arrogant af" 😂I think unfortunately this reveals more "do you use mobile reddit or desktop?" on my phone, with the perspective of the very tiny and held 2 feet away, I see a skull. On my desktop, where the image is 3x larger relative to my field of view, I see the Cthulhu.INTJs LIKE playing the game of school.Not wrong. I don't read the newspaper though.Ni. No reason I just do.

😝 😉good girl. want a cookie and a hug?INTJ

Spotify can suck it I dont want people spying on my music habits I still buy cds and rip them.hmm... a neurodivergent ENFP??! We could be friends I think.I'm bored at work. too early to leave without looking bad but not enough time to complete another task.if you were me and leaving work just to drive somewhere else but there was no food, what would you have for dinner along the way?fair enough. have a good night over the pond!Ha. I had to leave work and needed to figure out what to eat, you read it right! Sushi is a great choice I should stop for sushi here soon. Do you have poke where you're at? Cheaper way to get more of the same food. :)seconded. college-me was:

I'd rather have multiple things to do, that way I can always be BOTH procrastinating something and achieving something.You're describing our pomeranian. Little ENFP.

My ENFP friend legit got wistful once because she thought it sounded really nice to have someone feed her cheese when she used the potty in the right place...Intj

And I hate that there are any other types than intj in positions of power or leadership.I see countless posts in this sub and in its child-subs asking questions like:

I do XYZ can I be an xxxx?

Do xxxx's like it when I 12345?

Type Me: Sometimes I eat breakfast BEFORE I shower, xxxx or yyyy?

MBTI fundamentally doesn't describe a particular behavior, but describes the MECHANISMS through which you approach your life and your particular behaviors. Can an ESFP be an accountant? Yes. An ESFP accountant would likely enjoy the aspects of the job closest to financial planning like working with people, getting into their lives and habits and getting to know them to help them plan better. Can they still do the number crunching? Yes. Is it their favorite part? No. Can an INTJ be a ballerina? Yes. An INTJ ballerina would not emotionally connect with the performance in the same way an F-type could, but would be thoughtful, fully aware of their individual performance's place in the overall arc of the story, and likely be able to reference other stories and styles that are similar and inform their own choices. Any and all of these are fine if that's what a person wants to do. MBTI describes HOW you do it, not necessarily WHAT you do.

I do XYZ, can I be xxxx? On the surface, sure. More telling is WHY are you asking this question? Are you over-thinking it (possibly evidence of a T)? Did you take the test and got results and read something somewhere online and now it's made you insecure and you're not sure anymore (possibly F or even SF). What's going on in your head to ask such a question? What's the mechanism that's getting you where you are now? That's your MBTI. Do xxxx's like it when I 12345? Maybe. Absolutely no way to know whatsoever from a stranger on the internet. Does your ISTP want a pretty birthday card? Sure. They may not break down weeping at the sentiment, but that doesn't mean they won't appreciate it or don't want it, especially if you're a meaningful person / friend / coworker to them! Does your INFP want to play chess? Possibly. The strategy in the gameplay is the favorite of thinking types, but they can like thinking too; the gaming elements; playing the game with others, etc. Sometimes I eat breakfast before I shower? These "well all humans do sometimes" questions are truly pointless. Completely unrelated to your type.

__________________________________________________

What happens to you and your interactions and the world around you is interpreted through your lense of MBTI. The WHAT can be completely incidental. If you're looking at a piece of art, an xSFx may literally tear up at the emotion. An xNTx may like it JUST AS MUCH, but notice more the shape and color-play. The fact they were at an art gallery is secondary. The object / event / action itself doesn't matter when it comes to MBTI. Your type is the HOW and the WHY, and far far lesser the what.


My (INTJ) wife (INFJ) and I have an SUV we loan sometimes to my wife's writing partner (ESFP). They go to meetings and he often drives her when his wife (ESTJ) is using their car, and since we have two it makes sense. I've been slowly learning about cars and changing my own oil and brakes, then moved up to spark plugs and O2 sensors, etc, and I noticed when ESFP returned the car the trip mpg was low (I reset it before I hand it off just out of curiosity). I confirmed he was using premium gas and he said he was, I asked if it was running alright and he said yes. I drove it for a week to make sure. Rear brake pads are getting low and the tires' treads won't make it to the end of the summer, but it's running fine. He takes the car for another few weeks.

Now, I've been in their car for Christmas parties and other such carpooling events. Even my wife describes his driving as "he brakes a lot." He's almost always either pressing the gas, or pressing the brake. There's not a lot of taking your foot off the gas and coasting. It's almost exactly how you'd expect an ESFP stereotype to drive. Very passionate and very reactive. Either pressing the gas and going faster than you are now (without being dangerous), or "oh shoot now I need to brake" last second and a little hard because traffic has slowed or the light has turned red. Me when I drive, I coast a lot. In traffic I try and average the speed of the guy in front of me and then behind be so I don't have to do that go-stop-go-stop of traffic. Likewise when approaching an intersection I'll let off the gas and slow some for free before actually applying the brake, bonus points if I can slow enough that the light I'm approaching changes from red to green and I don't have to stop at all. It's INTJ driving. It's fast and fun sometimes because we like our machines especially when they work well, but in traffic it's predictive and almost gamified and basically the opposite of ESFP.

So, when I drive the car, I get about 18.6 mpg. No freeway driving at all, or at least it's Los Angeles freeway driving which is still 15 mph and stop and go. (If you're reading this from elsewhere in the country, LA also "waters down" their gas. You see if it's 10% additives, then 10% less emissions are being pumped into the air. But won't it burn 10% poorer and everyone gets 10% less gas mileage and then just use 10% more gas doing about THE SAME pollution just costing more money? Shut up, this is how Los Angeles thinks.) I get 18.6 after my average neither-careful-nor-carefree driving. After verifying it was running correctly and everything was working normally, when the car was returned to me again after ESFP driving it for another round? 14.2.

I'm an INTJ, and I get 30% better gas mileage than an ESFP.

Interesting.Just came from a screening with a Q&amp;A after with the director Chris Buck and several of the production team, and in talking about the development process he said they did Myers-Briggs for the characters and Elsa got INFP, and they used it and referred back to it as they made the film.

Sorry I didn't record it on my phone I had no idea the conversation would go that way and then just as quickly as it started it moved on again.You can't grow and heal for him. Just be there but let him be.

Ixxx

The rest describes humans in general. 4 question "good-enough" assessment by u/Chaseshaw:

1 - you're stranded on a desert island. which scenario would DRIVE YOU CRAZY FIRST? stuck alone or stuck with other people? in general, I's can survive indefinitely alone and would be driven nuts by another, and E's would need the company and be driven nuts being alone.

2 - say you want to move furniture. is it easier for you to picture where it will be and then move it, or move it first and do the physical labor and then see if you like it? in general N's would rather see it in their head before doing the heavy lifting, and S's need to see it / tangiblize it.

3 - /r/childrenfallingover -- do the cringeworthy or potentially injurious makes you go "aww" or makes you laugh hysterically? in general F's go "aww" when something cute has a misfortune, and T's laugh.

4 - cats or dogs? pepsi or coke? cold weather or hot weather? in general, if you have an opinion, you're probably a J, if you go "well cats are cute but dogs are friendly, pepsi and coke are both good they're the same to me, and cold is good for cuddling but hot is good for outside and make balanced either/or statements, you're a P)



people have been downvoting it for days but they forget mbti is fundamentally only four variables. 

:)
I'm an INTJ, and I approve this message.

Care to make a level 2 comment?

The sticking point for xNxJ is that some things ARE changable, and in some instances through effort or passion or creative thinking, the world and reality can be made to align with our internal guiding voice. For instance I have made an intentional typo in this post. And I'll go back and change it later to make it better. Because right now the post as-written takes place in reality. But I can affect that.

What are your thoughts regarding balancing the two? I appreciate your matter-of-fact insight.

ruminating here, you're free to accept, reject, or modify:

an example of idealism reaching too far could be the more-extreme modern animal activism groups like ALF. I get animal testing is probably bad and unethical, but there are ways to bring about change other than breaking into the labs and opening all the cages and trashing the facilities, and then getting arrested and sitting in the cop car thinking, "see, the world is backwards! I'm getting arrested!"

in turn the counter-example of complacency-gone-wrong that gets used in ethics classes is the church in the late 1930s and 40s. they saw what was happening in germany to the Jews and (with some notable exceptions) just accepted it as "is." this is what the gov't is doing but we're the church, and now nearly 100 years later they're still beating themselves up for not taking a stronger stand.

I suppose the good balancing-behavior per MBTI would be to keep talking to each other? Open dialogue between people who AREN'T LIKE-MINDED is important. A manner of self-balance can be reached, but it would take a J saying: "Imagine a world where ______" and then other Js and Ps going "yeah, that would be better!" and then we all work together towards it. To your point directly, some people are world-changers. And some would-be world-changers are screaming at a cement wall that we never landed on the moon. It takes some people accepting reality and some people modifying it to balance. Ergo, you be you, and the system will balance your place as long as we keep talking about it.

INTJ would survive because of their lack of a problem with needing to eat the others.I'm fully optimistic xNFPs are delicious.
INFJs in their extreme empathy get hit hard with the "oh look at him no one understands him, but I can"

ESFJs are easy because they are the ones disappointed with me.

:P I feel the same way reading posts where intjs look down upon others...

Oh wait.

Welcome to the club! Intj - my ethics don't preclude "silencing" you if you're being intentionally difficult. I'll take sexy nerd. No one finds my topologies jokes funny anyway. +1 for making me lookup a word;

amatorial (ˌæməˈtɔːrɪəl) adjective. of, relating to, or inciting sexual love or desire.
ha! it totally worked as used -- meaning people who use MBTI in an attempt to "harness" it to find a hookup / date / partner / whatever.it is a great soundtrack though............. ESFJs are great at taking your wonderful 10/10 day and averaging it out for you. Don't forget the Harry Potter version! Type: INTJ

Major: Math, Political Science, Communications; Minor: PhysicsI don't overthink... at least I think. And even if I do I'll think of a way not to. So there.INTJ with an ENFP who wants to jump off a cliff...

to be honest they'd probably convince me to come too. as much as I'm Mr Robot over here, they have this weird power over me...There is a very real possibility Te would just say, "can I have your stuff"

:P

People newly familiar with mbti, and particularly feelers, have a positive emotion to "thinking" and a negative one to "feeling." Who wants to be emotional when you could be thoughtful and logical? It's a Western culture ideal to be cool and calm and smart.

It just takes time and exposure to realize these words aren't value judgments on the person, they are just descriptive words. One isn't better or worse than the other. "Judger" has the same connotation -- who wants to be described as judgemental? It has to be made clear these aren't the social or standard definitions of the words, these are new vocabulary words for them when we're discussing mbti / socionics / Jungian psychology. saw the title and came here to say:

INTJ whatever you wrote you are wrong it should be "teardrop" by... oh. hi.also for ENFP I nominate:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7HmzwI67ec

We are nearing the point where as intjs it would be better to hold a meeting and draft a friend-application to give to people to start sorting this out.

I, too, agree with you. But let's be real here I'm an intj I only got room for like three friends and one of them is my SO... so good luck.Intj laughs:  hahaha your adventure won't work. be friends and I'll tell you why.

:PA kitten dies in a hilarious way.

Funny, or sad?In California the right answer is let it be. If you intervene YOU killed one and its lawsuit time. If you don't, the trolley guy killed five and he gets sued and you're fine.I would have assumed INTJs don't get along with anyone...I can't make sense of how you have organized your cards. it is very hard to read.INTP? and possibly enneagram type 5 while we're at it. :PINFP. Js usually judge pretty quickly, even things like the test and go "yep, that's about right" once they read it. Wanting to take it a lot of times to see what the others say and gathering lots of info from all the sources to help type you for sure is a very P thing to do. It's almost like they need convinced. Js don't generally.Coraline is the prototype for a child INFJ imo. The whole world must be right and just and fair and everyone gets along and new mommy and daddy are so much more fair and easy to get along with.just as a function of mathematical discrete sorting, the theory with the most "boxes" will be the most accurate. Enneagram has 9 and is kinda sorta. MBTI has 16 and is more accurate still, then Enneagram has wings and tri-types so it's ~20, then MBTI adds Assertive/Turbulent for 32, StrengthsFinder had 33 all along...

people are indescribable perfectly, and so as the theories zoom in, the categories become more numerous.

And here the J kicks in in INTJ because I process all this by saying, "pick a zoom level that suits you and move on with life."What do the Greek letters signify?I'm beginning to think it is entirely possible the director just misspoke at the interview. Which is a huge shame for those of us who are really into this stuff and find it helpful.Ahh you Si   :P

The intj way would have been to brew the weird one and the favorite one and make two cups so now you have a control group / backup if the new one is nasty!Oh same lol. Trying something wild and new at the restaurant and I always order a safety appetizer I already know just in case.ISTP with a pun.But what if 80% of ESxx are toxic? That doesn't mean the rest are!You sure it's this and not ESFJ: GET UP AND HAVE FUN LET'S GO TRUST ME YOU'LL FEEL BETTER I INSIST

?*disclaimer: this is not a stereotype it's my own personal experience having met 20+ ESFJs like this (above) and 0 as described in OP.I mean, we also would have had that cube done by now...Rookie xSTP move, intj says go to home depot and buy a doorbell. Problem solved.I never knew about /r/chillintj. Though as a chill intj I sorta don't care...
I strongly prefer differing views, as it calls my assumptions about a topic into question. If I am able to gain more information on the topic and still believe that my assumptions and resulting opinion are rational, then I am able to better articulate my position in the future. Otherwise, if the information provided by the differing opinion invalidates one of my assumptions, then I am forced to confront how that should affect my overall opinion.

Also, I find it more productive in these conversations if both parties are able to understand that preferences are generally not binary, and isolating the preference differences is crucial for helping me actually understand other positions.
Texting. 

Unexpected calls feel like an ambush, and I don't pick up unless I know it's actually important or a friend/family.It only gets tired when I'm out of energy in general.

 Most of the time I find it very calming because I don't have to be fully conscious and focused when I'm using it, it's like being half asleep or dreaming with open eyes.I conclude that you are not an FJ.Seconded&gt;Is it because he's too 'balanced' between the functions, or is it because he doesn't know himself well enough? Or something else? 

Generally it can be either. But his results diverge a lot if you look at it from a function perspective. He also seems to be looking for a description that he likes rather than his true type or answering objectively.   
So I'd say it's probably because he either doesn't like the descriptions or because he wants to be someone he's not or he simply doesn't know himself well/isn't objective.

I'd not pressure him and leave him alone. You can figure out his type over time by observing him even more.Quoting from an article based on "Building Blocks of Personality Type" because I find it to be concise and quite accurate.

&gt;**Extraverted Sensing**

&gt;* Has an outer focus on acquiring information through the five senses.

&gt;* Is the only perception process that is not influenced by associations from the past, present, or future.

&gt;* Is aware of and connected to the current external environment.

&gt;* Quickly notices objective facts with all the details.

&gt;* Relies heavily on unusually accurate visual perception: seeing is believing.

&gt;* Values the object itself, not one’s personal reaction or relationship to it.

&gt;* Seeks the full sensory experience of the environment in the moment.

and

&gt;**Extraverted Intuiting**

&gt;* Is driven to build future possibilities from the objective data in the environment.

&gt;* Explores what could be.

&gt;* Has an external focus that spans the past, present, and future.

&gt;* Sees the patterns and connections that shape future alternatives.

&gt;* Forms a series of verifiable links that create patterns and possibilities.

&gt;* Almost instantaneously creates an entire realm of specific possibilities.

&gt;* Seeks a broad understanding of the global picture based on the present external situation.
I watch videos for content, not observing the expressiveness of people.

You have the content. You don't need to fake expressiveness if you aren't actually that expressive (which is what you said if I remember correctly). I think most INTJ would agree with this, but I don't know about other types watching your videos.&gt;fun things

This so so very subjective.http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/02/mbti-for-skeptics/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGfhQTbcqmA

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/18gudp/ama_with_typologist_dario_nardi/That site has so much wrong info. It feels like people trying to type characters often start by choosing what type they want them to be, then look for "evidence" that could support that theory, completely dismissing all facts that would point in a different direction.http://i.imgur.com/FAbjymE.jpgMaybe for some.

It's not hard to hold me. I pick someone deliberately, because I want to and I chose them. And as long as they don't suddenly turn into an entirely different person, I'll continue to pick them for the rest of my life. No drama, no bullshit, no reaffirmation needed to keep me "interested". Just have value, bring stability, and don't create chaos.&gt; How could you make this distinction in other people without making assumptions about their internal motivations?

Ask yourself if it's a love-hate relationship or just a hate relationship.Care to elaborate?

I don't really get an Ne vibe from what they wrote, it's very straightforward and concrete, but in a laissez-faire style, i.e. it reminded me of high Se.Sci-Fi, mystery, psychological thrillers.

I dislike action movies with lots of explosions etc. most of the time.

INTJI think you're a Fi dom, so either ISFP or INFP, slightly leaning towards ISFP because based on the answers Se seems more likely than Ne.I haven't experienced any Fi doms who emphasize how they're different. But having talked to a few online, I noticed that many of them do think they're different (in a non-judgemental way), and I do think that most of those that I talked to, are.

Why are some people so sensitive to those who think they're different anyway? Different just means that, different, not better or worse. Seems like a passive-aggressive way of saying that you should conform and never deviate from anything that has been established as the standard.More like an INTP.INFP is more likely, because the strongest aspects you mentioned were mostly Fi related:   

Hard time compromising, feeling very unique, personal judgements of people rather than "objective" (= formed by the group) ones, general emphasis your own on ethics that you consider to be right, easily embarrassed and bearing grudges being an indication of how much you internalize experiences based on how they made/make you feel.

The way you presented your post with seemingly random points also reminded me more of Ne than anything I'd associate with Ni (more generalized statements), but take this with a grain of salt.

Also

&gt;I think I'm INFJ:  
&gt;Punctuality

Any type can be punctual, also depends on upbringing and culture.

&gt;Need for approval from authority

Certainly not indicative of Ni, and unless by "authority" you mean the group/your peers, maybe not even indicative of Fe.

&gt;Private

Like 90% of the introverts.

&gt;Strong sense of responsibility

Alright, but towards what and why?

&gt;I think I may be INFP:  
&gt;Strong sense of ethics

I suppose this counts because you draw your ethics from within and not without.

&gt;Boredom in jobs that don't interest me

in·ter·est·ing, adjective, arousing curiosity or interest; holding or catching the attention.

bor·ing, adjective, not interesting; tedious.

What you said makes sense, just not for typing.

&gt;The concern for the plight of others

If anything this points to feeler in general, reasons and motivations also play a role here.

&gt;The creative aspect

Any type can be creative, but I suppose you can see Ne as the function that's related to novelty the most.Yes, both great to use as a starting point as well as when choosing between options. Like others have said, the reasoning for a gut feeling eludes you initially, but it's often surprisingly accurate, and eventually you'll be able to resolve/backtrace that feeling to something more concrete.&gt;And, I'm sure I've posted another thread like this before.

A link would be helpful, or do you want to outsource the work of retrieving that post/thread to us?

In any case, if the results are any kind of indication, it's very unlikely that you are a TJ or SJ. You might want to try this test instead http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm. Make sure you remove any kind of bias from your responses and weigh your answers carefully.&gt;tfw you'll never be as alpha as an INTP

Why even live?Consider using metaphors or analogies you know would resonate with the ISTJ. If you are trying to convey a certain feeling, it should be something that would lead to that feeling in the ISTJ.

You can't expect her as a TJ to understand feelings intuitively like you do or intrinsically have the desire to synchronize with the feelings of others. It's not how Te works as pretty much the polar opposite of Fe, and according to the theory, ITJs not only dislike Fe, we have a certain distaste for it (the more mature the ITJ, the less of a problem this is).

Obviously, they also can't expect you to understand Te like they do, but they're not the ones posting here.- Shits on sensors and thinks it's cool to do so: check

- Sees most extroverts as potentially obnoxious and shallow: check

- Sees Fe as fake and overbearing: check

You probably see yourself as some kind of introverted intuitive with Fi or low Fe, i.e INFP, INTP or INTJ. Exactly. We don't care about anyone but ourselves and constantly fuck others over instead of even thinking of helping them. Thanks for shedding some light on our type, you truly are a very perceptive person and a master typologist.DictatorHave you watched any episodes of "No Reservations"? He does seem very ESTP in that show, and I never detected any trace of "asshole character" in him.Michael Pierce is a (self-typed) INFJ.Sure, but he knows MBTI better than 95% of the rest of the self-typed people, which is fairly evident if you watch some of his other videos. Some of them are quite good, especially the newer ones called "revisiting the types".

&gt;everyone self types as infj at some point.

The same can be said about INTJ anyway, so it's not really an argument for him being INTJ vs. INFJ.Typing people who have had traumatic experiences is difficult and unreliable. From an outsider's perspective it's hard to determine if something is the result of your past or just a raw/unbiased cognitive function in action. In the end, only you can determine your true type with a good amount of introspection.

I think you might be an ITJ. 

You seem to make decisions based mostly on rationality and have a structured approach (i.e. Te). Both of those types generally value on honesty and independence, and aren't exactly well known for optimism.

Initially, the following threw me off:

&gt;Generally I believe that everyone has their own perspective on life and that each of us believe what we want to believe and whatever we believe in becomes our reality. So if anything this experience would probably just exemplify this belief.

This doesn't sound like something a stereotypical TJ would say; sounds more like the utterance of an NF.   
But I remembered having read in a book that the development of Fi in INTJs can be heavily dependent on childhood experiences, and that those with a troublesome past are much more likely to have a developed sense of self and Fi, which could to be the case for you, considering your own childhood.  
It would also explain why you aren't very argumentative, but willing to speak up if it's something personal to you.

As for ISTJ vs. INTJ, I can't spot any conclusive pointers. Some things could be explained by dominant Si, but just as well by inferior Se.

Also want to add that I also considered INFP with a strong Te, but dismissed it because I'm not seeing much, if any, Ne from your post.Yes and no.

Yes in the sense hat the INTJ more apt and likely to see and account for contingencies in a single scenario, because we strive for depth in this regard. And as others have said, we  only like to take calculated risks.

But no in the sense that Ti is more of a filter for information than Te.   
Te will more readily accept facts without screening them for validity, while Ti is going to filter for accuracy and internal consistency before integrating it into its model.

So validity is much more essential to an NTP who is evaluating their Ne with it. Meanwhile the NTJ wants to feast on data and facts both for their Ni to process as well for their Te planning.INTJ

Electronica (Gesaffelstein, Maelstrom, The Hacker, Arnaud Rebotini etc.), synthwave/retrowave, classical music and game music (chiptunes)

Occasionally also metal and rock."My True Type"

ASIN: B00LKRXH8E

I usually recommend this to people who are relatively new to functions etc.   
A month isn't a very long time for self-typing though, I recommend not forcing things and letting everything sink in properly. You'll most likely naturally recognize your type after a while if you are reasonably introspective.&gt;“I know that x and y are fact, but Joe tends to do ______ which is opposite of what the facts say. Therefore, z will happen”.

Could also be Si.  
Also, Ni never goes in a straight line like this. The starting point would be "Z is going to happen". Then you can trace it back from there if you put in a conscious effort (e.g. "Even though the facts don't support this, I think like that, because people like Joe always tend to..."). The more often you do this back-tracing, the better you get at it.

&gt;“In order to get this project done on time, I must first do x, then talk to Joe to get Y done. While he is getting Y done, I will do Z and A so when he is done I can complete the project on time.”

Te

&gt;“I have a gut feeling __________ will happen. If it does ______ is how I will react to it.”

This sounds accurate, even though the reaction part falls into the realm of the judging functions again (Te).

Many people seem to think that planning is predominantly an Ni thing, and while it plays a role, it's really not the A &gt; B &gt; C part.   
Ni is more like having a multitude of blank canvases in your mind, and after a certain amount of time, a canvas will have a picture painted on it. It's what emerges from your subconscious. That's your vision/insight, how things are or could/should be. 

In contrast to Ne, which needs external triggers and seems to paint the picture slowly by adding new stuff, Ni doesn't need any triggers. It synthesizes the picture on each canvas internally, based on the data points that Se continuously gathers/gathered.

From there, Te (for INTJs) takes over and says "Ok we're here, right now, C is our goal. Getting to A, then B seems like the most efficient way of doing it.", while Ni will assist with seeing contingencies that Te can concretely plan for again.

Thoughts?&gt; and Fe the most attached to characters.

Never underestimate the degree to which Fi will relate to (and root for) certain characters. Fi is all about "discrimination" and depth, i.e. it can become very attached to certain characters, while having a box of fucks (spoiler: it's empty) it's giving about all the others.Heavily depends on the motive for their murder and who they murdered.

If it was someone I care about, I would turn them in and make sure they suffer for the rest of their life.  
Other than that, if the victim was a baby or child it would be far more likely for me to turn them in than if it was a random adult.You say you are sure you have Ti-Fe, how did you come to that conclusion? 

Have you considered ISFP?
Assertion: How do you rationalize not getting along with millions of people across the board, based on a framework that only explains cognitive functions? What am I missing?Most of it points to Te/Fi (1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 9), i.e. ISTJ.

The other points indicate Si or are neutral.Pe-doms

Je-doms more often than not have a certain objective when speaking up, but they also seem to enjoy it quite often.The points you quoted are all about socionic's INFj, i.e. MBTI's INFP. You basically argued for INFP, not INFJ.  
Not to sound overly critical, but if you didn't refer to MBTI's INFP as your type in the first place, you might be a victim of confirmation bias.

&gt;I feel that I process information first, instead of observes information, most of the time as information comes in, I sort them and try to define it from something broad to a more specific result, processing it as it goes

Sounds like a type that leads with a judging function (EJ or IP).

&gt;Here are how I determine that I might be INFJ:

Most of those points apply to many of the introverted types (even Ts), except for maybe the last point, i.e. not arguing for what you want if you can avoid it (because you dislike conflict).  
This can be the case for both Fe and Fi types though.

Of course, the socionics bullet points mostly indicate Ne and Fi (NFP), and you seem to relate to INFP more than ENFP. But we didn't really get a good or original look at your personality that way.  


I recommend you read into cognitive functions some more, while keeping an open mind for at least all F types, or to use one of those "questionnaire methods" to get yourself typed by others.

Yes, I can see the dilemma (trilemma). By questionnaire I meant threads with predetermined questions that you answer like [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4sh3ko/confused_about_typeany_help_would_be_greatly/).

Other things you could do get more insight into your type:

* Look at the function axes instead of single functions, e.g. look at Fi/Te and contrast it to Fe/Ti.

* Look at the inferior function, including how types are in the grip of said function. Try to determine which applies the most to you

* Look into dom-tertiary loops

Most of these things have been discussed on this sub or some of the type-specific subs, can be found on sites like personalityjunkie or celebritytypes, and there should be quite a bit of info about it in general if you google it as well.INTJ and I don't wish I were anything else.

If I had to pick another type though, I'd want to be ENTJ.None. I've seen quite a few interesting ones that I liked, but I don't feel like they had an impact on my life, I just found myself agreeing with their statement.

"When I disagree with a rational man, I let reality be our final arbiter; if I am right, he will learn; if I am wrong, I will; one of us will win, but both will profit."Traditional doesn't mean they stick to rituals from 500 years ago. It means they use personal and subjective interpretations of their experiences and memories from their own past to make judgement calls and assess things.

If something worked out well for them in the past, or if they greatly enjoyed something, they're likely to stick with that and do it that way again in the future -- without the urge of seeking novel ways of doing it.

Si: "Never touch a running system." (unless there are compelling reasons to do so).

Ne: "Finally got a half-running running system... ok time to build a new and entirely different system."

Ni: "Pretty good running system. Time to tear it down and build a better, more perfect version".
Do you like to simply experience things as they are or do you tend to (subconsciously) interpret experiences at the expense of the actual experience or memory of the experience itself?

Are you always trying to go a layer deeper, read between the lines, look for the "real" reason and implications (even if there's no indication that there's more to it), or does it feel more natural to look at things as they actually are and take things at face value?

Please think about it carefully without any kind of bias.I hope she can cast Raise III, getting 90% of your xp back upon death is rather nice.Played a long time ago.Every combo gives you a different dynamic. 

Whether it works or not depends on both parties' preferences, maturity, expectations, willingness to work on problems etc.Sounds more like ENTJ to me. 

INTJs can be quite anal and perfectionistic regarding the S actualization of their Ni ideals/vision. That's why we are sometimes slow to move in contrast to the ENTJ, and more prone to not get started at all, if we feel it's not going to live up to our standards.

It's a different kind of "procrastination" compared to the INTP.

That's not to say that our systems have no weaknesses, but it's more likely to be an oversight than intentional.Why don't you tell them?It's time to drop the tests and look into the Jungian cognitive functions.

Look into all the functions and all the types, not just what the tests suggested (INTJ, ENTP), because we aren't exactly known for being "goofballs", chaotic or unmindful.   
Also, judging by your posts and from my perspective, you generally seem to be a high-energy and enthusiastic person.&gt;Gon - ESFP

Finally someone who doesn't see him as ENFP. I didn't see any trace of Ne in him.I don't see him as a Fe dom or predominant judger at all.

I see his ethics coming from and relating to within, despite what some others here have said.

ESTJ

I think any Fe that one might see in her is just emulated through Te to reach certain goals.&gt; she ignores social convention (again, not an EJ)

She wants to set conventions, any ETJs wet dream.

I doubt that the fact that she's in an unconventional relationship points to any type in particular.I enjoy going to Japanese restaurants. Shockingly enough, I'm not Japanese.&gt;First, I wasn't implying that her incestuous relationship was the sole 'social convention' she ignores

And clearly, neither was I. I simply stated that her relationship doesn't really point to any specific type; it was a point you mentioned after all.

&gt;I would ask you to cite examples of how she does this in the show. 

She's a woman, so she can't be in charge. She tries the next best thing: to be as close to power as possible in order to exert influence (views, policies etc.) by influencing those who are in power. This is pretty much Cersei summed up in one sentence throughout all seasons except for the last one where she was recovering from a setback. I don't see specific examples are necessariy when this is her general theme.  
Extraverted thinking is the stereotypical function that's driven to organize and structure the external world and wants order and conformity in the outside world. 

&gt;In my view she gets the most upset when her options are closed off which is eS dominant

Why would this specifically be Se dominant? Even if you assume that the claim is true (for the sake of the argument), you might as well shift the perspective and see the same instances as Cersei "not being able to exert control" and attribute it to Te dominants.

&gt;does not have the strategic foresight of an Entj like her father

So you could only be an ENTJ if you match or outdo Tywin Lannister in strategic foresight?

&gt;Estjs would have interest in implementing/maintaining the status quo logistically

Si is only interested in the status quo if it likes it. As a Si aux probably even more so because it's only secondary to whatever the dominant function is. Cersei is interested in the keeping the status quo (or the status quo as she knew) when she's in the position she wishes to be and has the power she wants. And when she's not, she makes sure to change the status quo.

&gt;neither would be focused on 'setting social convention' as a primary pursuit

She's drawn to power and status, setting conventions is a tool to either get or keep both. She was willing to use the sparrow to set conventions, but it backfired, so she disposed of him.

&gt;Circe seems primarily to find her own subjective reasoning--her own private internal workshop as the place where stable ideas come from--which is introverted rational which is a P type. 

I don't think there have been many, if any, instances where she reminded me of any of my ITP friends and their subjective logic.  
Also, this is unrelated, but stable ideas can also emerge from Ni (J type), even though there are differences, Ti being more of an active process of dismantling and assembling the system, and Ni puzzling together passively gathered data points (Se) over time to jump to "holistic" ideas.I dont, I was just trying to say that you can like something/someone (like specific subs on Reddit or in Subway) even though you're not directly related.

I wouldn't worry too much about figuring out your type asap, it's not going to change who you are. Chances are, you  need some more time to familiarize yourself with the cognitive functions and introspect, and everything will start falling into place.Recently not much has been bothering me except for some wrong stereotypes and faulty understanding of some of the functions. Before that it was

&gt;I wipe my ass with toilet paper, am I an INTJ?Majored in computer science, getting more into programming now by myself.

Also picked up Japanese at uni while I was at it.I think ISFP is not unlikely, but that doesn't mean that it's impossible you're something else.Ti is like an additional bullshit detector for me.High Ne, Se and Te users.

Ne users tend to have intriguing ideas, (Se)xiness, and Te users are often rational, confident, assertive and efficient at their best.22; found the test stressful and almost painful to do.

The first two sections were fine, the latter two felt more disturbing, and I just picked what felt the rightest to me after looking at them for a few seconds, so I must've gotten at least somewhat lucky or it's because I've been playing video games my entire life (7, 5, 5, 5 points if it matters).1) INTJ, positive after having carefully considered many other types.

2) 30ish

3) ISTJ dad, ESFJ mum

4) Web developer

5) No

6) No, and don't want

7) Yes; not really different because I don't drink quantities that would alter the state of my mind.

8) No

9) Star Trek, Hannibal, House, Mr. Robot, Curb Your Enthusiasm etc. I like the ideas/themes of shows or strong characters that have the capacity to "carry" shows/movies.

10) Anti-theistic, usually keep it to myself unless asked about or the topic of discussion.I bet you're an NTP.YesNeNi operates on data gathered by Se. It puts together those gathered pieces mostly subconsciously until a holistic impression (e.g. opinion) about something is formed.  
You either manage to get your input in before/during that process, or Se gates will be closed and Ni has made up its mind almost for good, and you won't be changing it no matter what. With Ni-Fi this can be even worse because there's none of that "I want everyone to get along" stuff around.
Or you become gradually less normal the longer you get to know them.&gt; I've always seen INTJ and ISTP as the primary strategy players

Considering that many so-called strategy games ("Real Time Strategy") have nothing to do with strategy but more with tactics, I think that it's the domain of ISTPs rather than INTJs. In games like Starcraft you have to think on your feet and adapt to situations all the time, which isn't really our forté.

Grand Strategy games (in my opinion the actual strategy games unlike RTS) like Europa Universalis are different, I can see more INTJs drawn to that kind of game. They're either turn based or you can pause, you can pretty much plot everything from the beginning, and take your time adapting at almost any point in time.Certainly, but being good at war vs. being good at battle are still two different things and skills.Dem sample sizes though.

https://www.16personalities.com/articles/the-us-political-personality-i-parties

https://www.16personalities.com/articles/the-us-political-personality-iii-presidential-candidatesWhat exactly is the question? You're whining about not having friends, while refusing to even get acquainted with 75% of the population on principle, and finding most others "high maintenance".

If you want people skills and have a desire for more social interaction/friends, you have to get out of your comfort zone and start interacting with people.There was no disrespect. Look at the issue at hand:

1) You want to meet people and make friends

2) You are restricting your options to ~5% of the population due to MBTI, but complain that it's hard to find compatible people (exacerbated by your own policies)

So what can you do?

* Continue having a hard time looking for the 5% (no change)

* Change point 1, i.e. stop wanting to meet people and make friends

* Change point 2, i.e. give other people (types) a chance


And while it's true that some types have a slightly harder time with certain things (social skills, being rational, being spontaneous, you name it...), you seem to rationalize all your problems with MBTI and neither acknowledge your own weak points, nor are you willing to change.

When you want to become skilled at something, whether it be C++ or skiing or social skills, you have to deal with the subject. And your subject is people.

NTJ

/r/Anarcho_Capitalism/How would you describe Ni and your experiences with it in your own words?Are you sure you are a thinker? You said you developed social anxiety due to your parents' pressure, and before that you cared quite a bit about what others thought of you. Do you see yourself as MBTI thinker even in those times?

Asking because I think you might be a aux Fi user with tertiary Te, i.e. ENFP or ESFP. High Fi due to the following:

&gt;my parents wanted me to stop caring about what other people thought of me

&gt; I always get sad when I hear about tragic events, because **I know exactly what they're going through. If i can't relate to something, I have a hard time understanding someone's pain**, aside from the fact that they're in pain.

As for the perceiving function, to me, you're giving off more Ne/Si vibes, judging by your writing style and the nostalgia that's randomly triggered. This also seems like stereotypical Ne:

&gt;I can't wait five days for my birthday/holiday/whatever, I need that bike today! gets bike, rides it once and never again

On the other hand, you also seem to be quite "convergent" in your thoughts and goals occasionally, which would support Se/Ni more.

I'd ignore the fact that you are good at math and music, and logical in that sense, there are plenty of both logical and rational feelers out there, it depends on the individual.Understandable that it's hard, especially if you're quite new to MBTI. It was a somewhat broad/general explanation, so I'm not sure about your Pi. The only thing that strikes me as very indicative of Ni-Fi was

&gt;and starting from an idea I can pretty much picture in my head how it will develop, and if it feels right, that's my next goal

The rest could be explained by other functions just as well:

&gt;I spend a lot of time inside my head

Most introverts do this.

&gt;wonder what I'll do or where I'll be in, say, a few years time

Many people think about their future, many know that they want to be a lawyer when they grow up or that they want to go to university etc. It still points to you having an extroverted judging function though, because people with dom/aux Je like things decided and settled, only then they feel at ease (dom/aux Pe would feel confined).

As for Ni, it's is more concerned with creating holistic visions/impressions of how things are or of transformations that can/could/should happen. The future-oriented stems from the fact that those transformations would take a very long time to actualize. These visions also need to surface pretty much all the time if we're speaking dom Ni, and, even though Ni works largely subconsciously, it should still at least partially be observable or conscious.

&gt;I also like to find new ways to get to a certain conclusion, as in I like doing things my way, almost skipping steps because I already know where I'm going

This almost reminds me more of Ti (esp. combined with Ne) users, who like to explore and build their own internal systems. Someone correct me if I'm wrong though.&gt; I seem to have contraddicting traits, but maybe it's just because I'm misunderstanding something.

It's just because some function combinations can seem like other functions, and trait/behavior wise there's a certain overlap between many types. That's why it's important to be as unbiased as possible.

There was also this thread a few days ago, maybe it helps:

https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/4vqxcy/so_tests_all_call_me_intj_but_istj_seems_to_fit/Glad to see it back. What language are you going to use for the rewrite?It's like I'm really on /r9k/The only thing that changes if you modify the grouping condition is the patterns that become visible. You can make broad statements and observations with any of them, and all of them can be insightful in different ways.

TJ/TP/FJ/FP or SJ/NJ/SP/NP etc., they just tell us different things about the types and how they are similar with or differ from each other. I've found it quite helpful to check for all kinds of different patterns for a deeper understanding of MBTI.Read through [Richard Stallman's](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman) site, it's an INTP if I ever saw one.

1) https://stallman.org/rms-lifestyle.html

2) https://stallman.org/stallman-computing.html

His word choice is extremely deliberate, he explains everything meticulously, aims for maximum accuracy, and you can almost feel his own internal logical frameworks by which he seems to judge everything, regardless of external conventions.ISTP?

ISTPs mistyping as INTJ aren't uncommon either.&gt;  If someone says they're a certain type, there is no reason to believe that anyone knows them better than they know themselves

You have to differentiate.

If someone casually takes the test, often not even taking it seriously, there is no reason to believe that the result  necessarily has to be true either, especially considering volatility of MBTI test results.

If they self-type by looking into the theory and functions, I'm inclined to agree with you.&gt;Fi is not empathetical in the way Fe is. Fi doesn't really care unless something strikes one of their cords. In this way, Fi is incredibly sympathetic. 

I don't agree with this at all, I see it like /u/muon42 does:

Because Fi is all about evaluating by relating to one's inner self, i.e. it's all about empathy.

Fe is about synchronizing and resonating with others, i.e. sympathy in the broadest sense (adapting/taking on the state others are in).

FPs, and to a lesser degrees ITJs, are better at empathizing than sympathizing.

FJs, and to a lesser degree ETPs, are better at sympathizing than empathizing.&gt; Ti is the function that does computer programming. Not Fi or Te.

Computer programming is based on mathematical and computational logic. Ti is not that, it's building internal systems based on subjective logic.

Ti users are good at making deductions, because that's how they build and evaluate their internal systems and parts thereof. Te users are good at applying objective (external) logic and induction.  
So people who use those two functions high in the stack are used to making decisions and considering things based on concepts similar to what you see in programming.  
 They are comparatively more drawn to the field, because the concepts naturally resonate with them, and they might have an initial edge at it, because they are used to them.
Interesting, I was always under the impression that putting yourself in someone else's shoes, or rather vice versa ("How would I feel?) would be stereotypical Fi, and that Fe manages to "synch" more naturally/effortlessly, without the extra step of specifically going through oneself to relate.

Maybe I have to read up on the terms some more.&gt; This is indeed a huge characteristic of Fe

I suppose wasn't being specific enough. That quote is what threw me off, I associated the above with Fi, not Fe. But I'm under the impression that we mean the same, just that we word it differently or are looking at it from a different perspective.

Fe users can lose themselves by taking on the colors of others and losing their own dye/shade.  
 This is how I would've put it. But I thought Fe users are the recipients of said color without "going out of themselves".It's most likely because you're a dominant extraverted judger. I noticed they get worked up/heated about things relatively fast, and are also more prone to display irritation and anger (I often travel and work with an ENTJ friend of mine). 

INTJs as Ni-doms are predominantly perceivers, so usually we're internally far more tranquil than what you get to see in the outside world when we're in Te-mode. The same should go for most Pi doms. I'd wager that we're **internally** also more calm than dominant introverted judgers like the ITPs.Sounds like a Te dom (and inferior Fi), so either ESTJ or ENTJ.

&gt;He also tells me that whenever he meets someone new, he usually gets the feeling that he decides whether or not he actually wants to get to know them within the first five minutes. I think it's Ni, but I dont know much about functions.

Most likely also based on Te. Whenever you're talking about actual control over functions you're in the realm of judging functions.

Si/Ni obviously also plays into it, but you can't tell which one it is based on just that. Both functions use data created or replicated in the past as reference points, but Si stores more concrete and (subjectively) factual data and Ni stores patterns/general observations and is more impressionistic.

&gt;*Kind of a goofball. He makes random noises from time to time, and was doing raspberries off of my arm just a little bit ago. A lot of his humor involves impersonating people.

Is he frequently a goofball with a quirky kind of humor? This could be tertiary Ne, but that's just a guess. Consider finding out if Ne or Se is more likely as his 3rd function, as they're more visible than Si/Ni.Ni and Ne are very different though, the former is convergent, looking for depth, the latter is divergent, looking for breadth. I'd look at that rather than the Fe/Ti axis, especially because the types you mentioned are both N-doms.Never, but I looked into 6 types in-depth, and tried to bias myself towards ISTJ and ISTP for a while, considering that statistically that would've been more likely and they're common to mistype as INTJ.INFPMy first impression was ISFP without crappy Te.  
ESFP sounds like a good match too.

Go read a book like "My True Type" that goes into all the functions and read some Jung on Ni (pick a different authior for Si). Keep that knowledge in the back of your mind until you automatically recognize either of them frequently in yourself.

Asking here providing only minimal information and character traits won't get you anywhere for introverted perceiving functions, especially since people who've settled on being intuitive will be biased towards that, and the sub in general has recently become biased towards sensors and "you're not an intuitive".Either one that's good solo, or the one that's essential for group play &amp;&amp; I don't want a retard in my group playing.Barret seems more like ESTJ to me, but Rufus might be ENTJ (or maybe INTJ... you don't get to see too much of him, even if you take AC into account).I played the game a long time ago (7 times but still a long time ago), so I can only put it like this: Barret seemed more reactive than "proactive", i.e. he seemed to have already had experienced the danger to the village, daughter, and the initial cooperation with Shinra before he started acting against them. IIRC he also changed sides.

The desire for changed was triggered externally for him, while with Ni, it usually happens without a concrete external trigger (of course Se data gathering still happens).

Also, Ni creates a vision/impression, an end goal so to speak, it doesn't formulate a concrete plan. In TJs Te does the A&gt;B&gt;C planning, while Ni can see contingencies.

I agree with Rufus being more of an ENTJ.We also excel at pulling words out of our asses that don't actually exist. Sometimes it's needed to properly convey Ni matters.

As for using uncommon words, that has to do with the vocabulary we acquire over time. The part with demonstrating intelligence is mostly your subjective interpretation, even though you might be right in some cases.This is a completely moot debate. This is the MBTI sub, so OP clearly asked their question in context of MBTI. There's also some subjectivity to healthy/unhealthy with regards to cognitive functions, but you can still see patterns.

I also don't understand why you're going all "we're all unique snowflakes" on this sub, putting people into boxes according to specific criteria is what a framework like MBTI does, it doesn't mean that their personality can't be unique.ExecutiveEren - ESFP (or ESTP)

Mikasa - ISTJ (chance of ISFJ but Fe shaped/distorted by experiences)

Armin - INFJ

Erwin - ENTJ

Jean - ESTJ

Levi - INTJ

Hange - ENTP

Annie - ISTP

Sasha - ESFP

Connie ESFP (maybe ENFP)

Don't remember the rest.

&gt; Pointless. The types can be grouped in many different ways. The most useful is arguably the quadra / axes pairs. 

Not pointless. Every group reveals certain patterns. Considering all of them gives you a better picture and understanding of the whole model, as long as they are accurate.1) **What is your MBTI type?** INTJ

2) **What is your gender?** m

3) **What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?)** People that display a great deal of skill and competence and manage to get shit done, so often TJs, ISTPs, and some of the more ambitious FPs.

4) **What type(s) do you Love/adore?**  edit: While I don't love or adore them, I often experience some inexplicable admiration for ESxPs, though probably due to their Se.

5) **What type(s) are the most dateable?** Female thinkers, mainly because they're assertive and more independent.

6) **What type(s) would you be willing/want to marry?** Anyone who doesn't play the human game, has ambitions (whatever they are), is authentic, engaging, non-religious, wants freedom and equality without subscribing to bullshit like modern feminism and affirmative action etc.

7) **What type(s) make wonderful friends?** NTs, ISTPs, ISTJs, balanced Fi users

8) **What type(s) make you LAUGH?** ENTP, INTJ

9) **What type(s) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with?** FJs, many of them seem to demand Fe conformity, which is exactly the opposite to the Te conformity and Fi authenticity I require

10) **What type(s) can you not stand/dislike/respect?** None just based on MBTI
InactionKeirsey's temperament grouping was SJ though. NT and ST contrasts the same two dichotomies.Just skipped through a few episodes and yeah, IFP is a good fit as you and /u/ColdNobility say. I remembered him as a Fe type.

I still think that he uses the Ni/Se axis (in any order) though, and can't detect much Ne, so ISFP seems more likely to me if he's IFP.When only watching the anime, I thought he might be as well, but the more I read the manga, the more I started leaning INTJ, having heard him speak his mind more often.  
I haven't caught up completely with the manga releases though, so no spoilers please.&gt;If I had to describe my inner workings when it comes to thinking, I'd say that I'm constantly in processing mode. I'm always listening, considering possibilities, and analyzing things.

Sounds like Ti to me, or maybe Fi, if it's internal ethics based.  
Not so much high Ni, because the mode of processing is more passive, semi-unconscious (for a dom) or unconscious, and can't be described as active processing of collected data points like you seem to do.

I wonder if your mode of processing applies to Si/Ne too however, if any SJ can shed some light on it, I'd appreciate it.

&gt;I find that words materialize out of nowhere, exactly the way I want them to, so I speak rather fast and unrestrained, which quite often involves tiny bits of irrelevant information, like I'm brainstorming out loud.

Stereotypical Ne is described like that, but I don't see why Se wouldn't be just as "spontaneous".

Te can also be quite ad hoc, but I wouldn't call it fast or brainstormy, it's usually direct, concise, and always relevant in the eyes of the speaker.

&gt;I'm brilliant at engaging other people with their own thoughts, but I'm beyond terrible at starting a conversation (because my mind is so blank and is just waiting for input)

This almost excludes Ne. Ne usually provides input like a machinegun.

&gt;I might have the same impatience towards mastery but I'm rarely distracted by anything and my mind pretty much has only one track at all times.

Indicative of the Se/Ni axis (convergent) and, like you said, not high Ne/Si.

I think you might be an STP, but I'd still like an alternative SJ view on it.
Not him, but mainly when interacting with other people unfortunately. Especially when they don't get something after the first time.   
This might be something that's not uncommon for many TJs though.ENTJ, ISTP or ISTJUsed to be very good at chess as a kid, but always sucked at speed chess. I don't play anymore however.Probably ISTP, though unsure because you said you're on meds.

* You don't seem to particularly care about the atmosphere or accommodating others, i.e. no high Fe.

* Everything must be logical in your head, personal ethics don't seem to play much of a role, i.e. no high Fi.

* Your thoughts are convergent, and you seem to be a person that focuses on one thing at a time, in discussions as well as when doing something, i.e. not high Ne.

* You mentioned having a laissez-faire policy, dealing with things as they arise. Judgers usually aren't at ease unless decisions are made and things are settled. I doubt you have high Te either, because it likes to break things down and plot a specific course, in order to shape and manipulate the outer world.

* You seem to have quite a bit of that Se adaptability and potentially also impulsiveness ("mess with me and I'm going to hook you in the gabber m8" part)

* You said that your data isn't really segmented in your mind, but you still seem to be able to pick things apart and understand them quite well if they interest you enough (3rd question). Ti was less apparent for me than Se, but it's still there.

There's still the point with your medication. You don't have to elaborate, but keep in mind if you are suffering from any conditions or disorders, it will mess with your personality and how you appear to be.

It could easily make the difference between ISTP or ESTP. Also, if you believe that your not thinking about the future and not planning for it is based on circumstances or experiences rather than your personality, it opens up even more possibilities again.Would you say that you can see the connections but it's just a hassle to properly put them into words and explain everything, or that the connections are fleeting or maybe barely visible and thus not easily explicable?

When you're in your head, are you more in pursuit of meaning or truth? What do you make of ambiguity?

Was trying to gauge if you relate more to high Ti or Ni (yes, I'm aware one is a judging function and one a perceiving function).

Ti seeks internal logical consistency/accuracy above all else. Ni usually "seeks" meaning and delivers impressions, as it processes data Se has gathered, it takes nothing at face value.

Ti frameworks can't have contradicting elements, as far as I understand it. If there are contradicting elements, one must be eliminated, or that entire framework is invalid. Ni is much more malleable in that regard, it can easily accommodate paradoxical elements and be perfectly fine with ambiguity. Your answers reminded me more of Ti.

Keep in mind that this applies to the internal world (inside your head) only, not external. 

Also, since /u/TheMeerkat brought it up, yes, INTJ is a possibility. For that you'd have to be in the grip of inferior Se and/or in a Ni-Fi loop though. It would explain the lack of Te, as well as the stereotypical future-orientation not working as intended. If you feel like you've been or are under great stress (i.e. depression etc.), you should google and read about Ni-Fi loops, and how INTJ/INFJ are in the grip of inferior Se.You could probably make a living by creating and selling rare Pepes.It's likely an "It's their opinion, idgaf." thing, not just some form of Fe.  
At least that's what I observe with my ISTP friend. He only confronts when he sees an immediate need to do so, which isn't often. Sometimes he wants me to elaborate on my thought processes or arguments more, so he can fully understand them, and sometimes he calls me out when he thinks I made a BS statement that's relevant to him.

I, on the other hand, like to challenge many things he says, even his opinions, if I don't agree 100%, and he occasionally gets grumpy when I don't leave said topic alone until all angles of it have been discussed and there was a proper conclusion. 

I think that open confrontation on an impersonal level is stereotypical Te, born from a need for clarity in and understanding of the external world, similar to how Ti requires internal consistency.Agreed, though I was leaning towards ISTJ.

TJ was pretty much set in stone after the first 2-3 questions.
Classical case of self-fulfilling prophecy.Probably FJs, because they mistake my Te straightforwardness for "being a dick" or otherwise unacceptable, despite me always being diplomatic and objective.

Maybe some ESFPs too, because the way I seem to have fun and enjoy myself is the polar opposite of what they seem to consider fun, so I must seem like a maximum boring individual to them.  
This isn't always the case though, the girl I got along the best during high school was an ESFP and there was some weird mutual attraction too.When/how do you get groceries? Just wondering.Question: Why NFJ over SFJ?

The way you answered the questions as well as their content (especially 2, 5, 9, and the end of 10) make me doubt Ni/Se.Yes, as is wiping your ass with toilet paper.Logical-Mathematical IntelligenceFi types seem sensitive within.

Fe types seem sensitive without.

Both seem equally sensitive to me, their sensitivity is just triggered (for a lack of better words) differently.According to celebritytypes.com

**Strongly linked to narcissistic personality:** ENFJ, INTJ

**Somewhat linked to narcissistic personality:** ENFP, INFJ, ESFJ, ESTP

Out of those six, 2 use Fi, 4 use Fe.Apparently not. I think that some types might seem narcissistic externally, even though they aren't, and also vice versa.

I've seen other studies that looked for correlations with the dichotomies. I'm not a statistician, but the way I understand it, NPD only slightly correlates with N, according to one of the studies:  
https://i.imgur.com/oUu1nb2.png

[Source](http://www.uccs.edu/Documents/dsegal/An-empirical-investigation-Jungs-types-and-PD-features-JPT-2.pdf)You're just fucking with their premise by implying that downvotes are a form of self-expression, when they are supposed to be a tool against disruptive behavior. People can express themselves by making (counter)arguments, but many frequently seem to use it for content they don't like.

I still don't agree with the idea of a new sub though.I clearly said content they don't like, and you equate it with "offensive". Meh.My own and the ones of close people in my life.Good list. Some proposals:

&gt;Te - Your opinion is wrong and you should feel bad for having such a wrong opinion

Your opinion is wrong and here's why: fact 1, fact 2, fact 3... 99. Do you understand now just how wrong you were?   [optional] Please let everyone hear it. Louder, please.

&gt;Ni - I'm in the mood for this particular kind of dish, I'm going to do what it takes to find the one that looks the best!

This sounds like Fi. I think the issue here is that you're looking at a decision, something you have control over, i.e. a judging function. Maybe something like:

* Today is the day that I'm going for that dish that I settled on and mentally prepared for since 5 weeks ago. And it's going to be glorious. TJs are easily annoyed.

ETJs are also quick to anger.

ITJs, in contrast, hardly ever openly show anger.Ambition, independence, playfulness30/36Jodie Foster. Good fit

https://i.imgur.com/e3tF85N.pngEqually.

Besides, Te is more about rationality than logic. Making decisions based on objective and impersonal data in the outside world, with as little influence as possible of personal/emotional aspects from without (Fe).   
Both types use inductive reasoning, and I think that an ISTJ will more clearly see what is actually in front of them, while the INTJ is more apt to perceive what could be in front of them that others can't see (with the "mind's eye"), at the cost of missing what is actually there.

Also, Ti is more about logic because it strives for validity/accuracy and is deductive. It's important to note that validity doesn't necessarily imply truth/actuality.

    All humans are penguins
    All penguins can fly
    =&gt; All humans can fly

The logic is valid, but that doesn't make it true. The same can be said about Ti types, they're  striving to be internally logical and consistent (and are for the most part), but that doesn't say anything about objective reality.Was surprised by the INTJ comments on the wall. The pictures aren't what comes to mind first when you think about our type, but I easily related to all of them in some way (and this wasn't the case for the other moodboards for me).I'd say it depends on your perspective on, or definition of rationality.

Jung called all judging functions rational because they evaluate, whereas perceiving with either of the N/S functions is not deliberate and spontaneous, i.e. irrational. In that sense, all judging functions are equally "rational".

The way I meant rational in my post was acting based on objective reason, i.e. facts and reality. Looking at it this way, I consider Te the most rational function, because it's extroverted (actual world based) and tries to shape the world using impersonal factors, only being clouded or biased by Fi in that regard.

But you could also look at Fe as rational, or the most rational, if you think of its equalizing, harmony-promoting goals as the most reasonable thing to do in general. I have no doubt that many will look at it this way, and it's legitimate.I agree with Fi dom, but why do you lean towards INFP?&gt;Her dream career is to be a therapist because of personal experience

This alone suggests Si or Fi.

&gt;She's not a fan of change.  [...] She's still willing to try new things and experiences but she doesn't seek change.

This would also be very uncommon for a Ni dom.   
Ni doms are all about bringing about and welcoming change. It's not seeking novelty for its own sake like Ne doms do, but nevertheless, change in our minds means improvement/progress.And what do you mean by differentiate their online?I agree with the future oriented part. 

ISxJs are future oriented by extrapolating subjective experiences and data they gathered in the past, in order to make assumptions about the future. Since their Si values stability and security, it seems that they plan for the future (Te or Fe) in order to minimize risk and make sure that things don't go awry. That's why SJs are considered reliable, consistent and dependable (the opposite of Ne doms, who have other strengths).

INxJs, by contrast, are future oriented by internally synthesizing canvases that paint pictures of certain "end states". Those states are usually considerably different from states in the past or present. They then plan for the future (again using Te or Fe), because they want to change and shift the real world so that at some point, it  matches the picture on the canvas exactly.Do you think you are offending people or even being anti-social? If you aren't, you have no reason to conform to any norms, and should instead try to find people who like actual individuals and value authenticity.&gt; IxTJs are comfortable with talking to you from the other side of the room

Or the other side of the world.By formulas, rather than a specific equation.Te and trivia (information without real value subjectively) don't go well together.My friends are often able to and like to recall what and how something transpired ("Then he came and did... " or "Then you said..."). They might not be able to recall all details, but often something like a chain of events, they reminisce about what happened, and my recollection of the same events is much blurrier.

It feels like the others are seeing a movie, and the only thing I have left is a snapshot, and with the snapshot I associate things like "He tries to hide failures" or "The girl who's probably a leftist". It's still visual for me, as I associate it with images, but it seems like the experiences themselves fade into obscurity very fast, in favor of broad stroke or specific statements about things or people.

This might be a shitty explanation, but I don't know how to else to put it properly into words right now.ESFPs can be quite attractive tbh, but don't tell anyone I said that.No, it didn't have anything to do with them being genetically blessed or so.

They can have a pretty nice presence/radiate a nice aura. The one I was closer to (as a friend) was non-judgmental, open-minded to most kinds of conversation, and quite funny, sometimes making somewhat inappropriate jokes (much like myself, but my jokes are subtle). She also was, like other ESFPs, quite confident and assertive (which is also attractive). I was also assertive, but she was in a way, or area, that I wasn't or couldn't be.
 On the flip side, she could be pretty irresponsible, which wasn't that great and made me sigh many a time. But that only seemed to crack her up even more.

I don't think that opposite types get along well naturally. Both have to be quite balanced, otherwise you'll most likely annoy each other and value inherently different things. So even though there might be mutual attraction in some cases, in others there might be mutual repulsion :pAccording to your answers, your dominant Tendency is Questioner.Yes, but all types are standing next to each other, with some being more bunched up than others.Pretty much what you listed. I also wouldn't call it deep, just interesting, and not small-talk/gossip.

When people talk about rape culture, I imagine my neighbors lying in ambush for me, eager to initiate and force small talk against my will.Biggest difference: J/P

Smallest difference: J/PSome kind of IxTx. If he's neither emotive nor shows or expresses empathy or sympathy, I doubt he has a feeling function high in the stack. Can't say much more based on those traits or behavior, but if I had to take a shot, INTP, because Ti/Fe and Ne/Si sound more plausible based on what you wrote.

Also, you need to enter two spaces or two line breaks to start a new line or paragraph.Sounds like ESTJ to me too, as most things you mentioned apply to many xSTJs. If you think he's an NTJ, try to explain how he perceives/sees the world, i.e. how his Ni shows.Ti-Fe and Ne-Si, probably INTP.

The most obvious points for Ti/Fe over Te/Fi (for me):

&gt;Erm, pervasive doubt, realizing no matter how good I may be at it or how much I want to I can't actually objectively analyze myself, blah blah. 

&gt; I think in a lot of situations you can judge an idea by its logical merit without (yet) having to go for information validation, can entertain an idea without it being factually based or realistic. 

&gt;You can dissect what works and what doesn't, create new rules for a theoretical situation that might fix some of what doesn't work and re-write the rules to accommodate for all the not working.

&gt;Sometimes get a bit overemotional and reactive: visibly irritable for once compared to normal stable moods. Might think myself into holes and over-analyze negative things that get me nowhere except caught up in counterproductive thoughts.

Ti is preoccupied with accuracy and validity. A Te user would eventually want to know about the realities, application and/or factual truth of a certain idea (what you called "information validation"), even if it's initially entertained theoretically only. It also likes to come to conclusions, and even if the internal process is intricate, in the end, it's a black/white or 0/1 function.

Your stress reaction also reminded me of inferior Fe.After doing a test? Immerse yourself into the function theory and just learn about what interests you the most (i.e. type/function), preferably on a high level so you can still see the entire construct. Proceed to do that with different topics until you can see everything from different angles (make sure you see the underlying reasons/meanings too, don't just screen information superficially) and synthesize accurate information on your own. Use those collected data nodes to triangulate your type by introspection over time.

I don't know if this can be a path for you, but it's what I did. And yes, I think you can be 100% certain. Just because something is subjective, it doesn't mean it can't be true or shouldn't be trusted.It's fine if you learn about your results first, that falls within "what interests you the most". As for the other point, you'll just have to remove yourself from bias as well as possible, it's in your own interest. Consider every type a possibility, discard/keep them based on insights and evidence of the functions you recognize within yourself. Consider revisiting them later after having amassed more insight into types/functions too.

Also, not everyone lies to themselves as far as their type goes.http://www.darionardi.com/functions.htmlThank you for giving Pluto your vote

https://i.imgur.com/aAt54Nm.jpgNot American, but I'd vote for Johnson."I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how right I am."&gt;But instead of it being a shitstorm, it's kind of a more therapeutic thing.

Or in case of ENTP INTJ, a therapeutic shitstorm.&gt; h3h3productions: Ethan ENTP?, Hila ISFJ

Hila strikes me as an ISFP. Listen to her voice (a bit monotonous, always reactive) and look at her expressions (not very emotive, but she always has a very "present" look), also to the content of what she says, none of which seems like Si or Fe.   
Agreed on Ethan.Yeah I definitely think it's Ethan's influence. If you look at the h2h2 videos from 1-2 years ago, she was quite different.  
With Ethan, as soon as he brings up something in his videos, he makes at least 5 unrelated, sarcastic statements/jokes about it, while Hila usually goes along with what he said, which reminds me of Ne/Si axis &amp; Ni/Se axis interactions (functions in any order).ENFP - lolcodeSounds like ENFP. Also considered ESFP, but getting more of a Ne vibe from what and how you write.SJs don't live in the past, they store subjective experiences and use those past experiences as a guide or as pointers. They are concerned with the future and plan for it, because they value stability and safety. That's what I learned from living with my ISTJ/ESFJ parents for 20 years.

The reason I "plan" for the future is usually because I become obsessed with an idea/impression I had, and I work frenetically on making it a reality, exactly as I had pictured it in my head. That picture is the driving force.The Fi is strong in this one.Much of what you described is accompanied by how it relates to you on a personal level, or how it impacts or could impact you internally ("mean" stare, restlessness, fear of being laughed at, appreciative of people saying nice things about you, that one person you deemed brave etc.).

Also due to the fact that you have a lot to say, but it remains internalized. With Fi doms I often felt/feel like they have more to say, but they either can't quite put it in words, or are worried about speaking up for some reason.Probably Se/Ni, in this order. You present the narrative in a chronological order, focusing on actual events and how they affected you. Sometimes it's impressionistic, but it's not as frequent or penetrating as you'd usually see if the axis was reversed.

You mentioned that you think about the future a lot, but like /u/Twenty-Pikachus said, this seems to be based on an anxiety and insecurity about the future, rather than synthesizing and looking at different canvases (impressions) that portray possibilities. You seem to be take things as they come:

&gt;Every day I struggle to go to school, every day I have this fear in my heart that something will go wrong, every day I survive and at the end Im like, see heart? that wasnt so bad as you thought it would be, now please relax and chill. But then next morning I can start all over again with comforting and convincing my heart that we ll be okay that day.

This might not look like your strength to you due to your social anxiety, but if you leave that out, it might very well be.

In any case, take all this with a grain of salt, social anxiety can influence what impressions you make on others.It's a Socionics concept. I'd take it with a grain of salt, but you can find more info here:

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/functions/Id

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/LSI-ISTj/ (the ISTP equivalent)Ni: Look at this car, it clearly belongs to someone who is overcompensating, because they think they have little to no inherent self-worth. One of those guys who like to show off their possessions and communicate that they at least have some kind of value, because they are able to afford something they think others can't afford. Unauthentic, fake people like that, and those who play along, are the cancer of society.It's possible. Maybe you're mistyped, maybe not. No, not really.A lot of what she wrote speaks for high Fe, i.e. an FJ, and based on the rest of the info, Si/Ne seems more likely than Ni/Se.

Why do you think she's not an SFJ?
Point 1) could be explained by you having been in a Ti-Ni loop, but then managing to break out of it by properly utilizing Se again. * Best 2 friends: ISTP, INTJ

* Other good friend and startup partner: ENTJ

* Extended circle of friends: INTJ, 2x ISTJ, ENTP

* Online friends: INTP, ESTP, ESFP, untypable

* Last ex: ISFP

* Parents: ESFJ &amp; ISTJ (like everyone's parents obviously)

No acquaintances.You can disregard this, as I listened to one of his songs on Youtube for the first time last week (Sweatpants) and don't know him otherwise. But I immediately thought that he gives off an INTP, maybe ENTP, vibe based on that.I'd say it's a combination of Te with a devaluation of S.I genuinely miss his butthurt rants about INTJs.Ni doms definitely do, because sensory interruptions can throw you out of the "zone" very easily, and you need time to process things alone.INTJ, not American

Not surprised, after having experienced a elections in Europe and votes in my country in the past few years, but I think it's the worse of  the 2 bad choices.When you look at other people (or a type), it's easy to envy them, because you only see the good stuff. Maybe their car and yacht, or their looks, or their social circle, or their confidence and decisiveness.

 What you don't see are all the problems and the shit that goes hand in hand with being that person (or type), but is inevitably there too. My advice is to stop envying other people, because unless you live in a 3rd world country and are impoverished, chances are others are struggling with life just as much as you are.

As for MBTI, if you find out your actual type, it's easier to work on your strengths and weaknesses. If the theory/research makes you unhappy, drop it, and use that energy for things that will benefit you more. &gt; I'll let you know when it ends

https://i.imgur.com/wBHTJzN.jpgTi is deductive, Te is inductive.

Ti builds a theory/framework and moves to the facts, Te starts with/takes facts and goes from there.Ne isn't forward thinking. If you have an axis, Si is looking back, Se is in the realm of the present, Ni looks forward, and Ne is looking at the entire axis from afar. I'd describe it as timeless.Freedom

Knowledge

Solitude

Power

Honesty

Justice

Creativity

Wealth

Happiness

Humor

Adventure

Compassion

Popularity

FaithI first register what meaning the song has for me personally, what it stands for (sadness, progress, motivation, struggle, etc.), the overarching theme. This is mainly based on melody and rhythm, but without paying attention to the finer details at first.

I only listen to lyrics, i.e. the artist's interpretation, after that, if there are any lyrics at all (been listening to a lot of electronic and classical music lately).I have to leave the house in 5 minutes, so I'll just leave a few links: MBTI seems to be influenced by brain wiring, but I don't know about correlations with the left/right handed thing.

[Dario Nardi: "Neuroscience of Personality" | Talks at Google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGfhQTbcqmA)

[Neuroscience of Personality Slides](https://www.pdx.edu/sysc/sites/www.pdx.edu.sysc/files/neuro-systems.pdf)

He's also the author of a book with the same title that goes more in-depth.Thanks for the info. Watched it quite a while ago and couldn't remember.Good write-up. 

If I had to nit-pick, I'd say that expressions like "Te would collect data from the environment" should be reconsidered due to perceiving functions being the collectors, and judging functions operating on the data.You have to look at the axis, i.e. Ni/Se, not just a single function. The outside world is observed and data collected by the means of Se. Ni then uses that data to scan for patterns and insights. Like putting together pieces of a puzzle so to speak. Ni does not need outside triggers and works fully internally unlike Ne, but of course, it first needs some kind of data.http://imgur.com/a/qaB6R

I have his book, here are some excerpts on Ni. No scanner, so crappy photos will have to do.Seeing more Fi/Te than Ti/Fe, I'd look into ExFP.The questions seem to be almost identical, occasionally with slightly different phrasing. The only irregularity I noticed in the Japanese version was that there were two questions that were basically the same, something along the lines of "You don't think you are visionary/a dreamer." and "You wouldn't call yourself visionary/a dreamer.".  
http://i.imgur.com/WGVnwR0.png

It's more likely that her personality/behavior/general mood (not type) changed in that one year.Your personality type:

Strategist (VDI-C)NTP or STP based on everything you wrote.

&gt;I seem to have difficulty reflecting on myself. When my gf asks me questions about the future, or more specifically, how I feel about XYZ, my mind draws a blank. Truthfully, I don't know how to feel about most things one way or the other.

Based on this, I think that you don't use any of the following functions as dom/aux: Si, Ni, Fi.

Also low Fe because based on the last few paragraphs.ISTP childhood friend of 25 years, INTJ friend from highschool  ~15years, ENTJ friend and business partner from uni.Can't say I agree. I've made the experience, that Fe favors are often "tracked"  and they expect you to reciprocate either in the same fashion or at least to the same degree.

Fi users don't go out of their way to do you favors or accommodate you, but when they do, they don't expect anything in return.&gt; expecting equal treatment

That's quite human, and nothing wrong with that, but it wasn't what I meant. Of course most people want equal treatment.&gt; To know that some of them might think that I'm doing it for any favour in return at all is disheartening.

I don't think you have to worry about that. I specifically said it's how I personally perceived it so far. I still judge people individually, and so do most people.  
I suppose I should've said that I don't agree with the notion of it being altruistic in the first place, as even when you help people, you usually do it to get something out of it (even if it's bubbling with joy, i.e. it fulfilling you). That doesn't make helping or accommodating people less valuable, I just don't perceive it as altruistic or more warm than the way Fi shows support and affection.See, just like Te demands conformity (adhering to metrics and external systems), Fe does as well. The selflessness Fe offers is also demanded from others in return.  It's a function that's self-sacrificing, but expects the same attitude from everyone.

Fi might not be that willing to sacrifice itself, but it only wants to do things where nobody has to sacrifice anything (e.g. when you go watch a movie with someone, you go to one that both can fully enjoy).

The functions might work in different ways, but I don't see one as more altruistic than the other for the reasons mentioned. 

And yes, we TJs can be or seem selfish as fuck, but that has more to do with our lower Fi, and you could probably observe the same in TPs, just in different ways.It doesn't have strange proportions, it's just a bear.Te master swimmersI've always seen it as 2 sides of the same coin that form something more complete. I think Te-Fe and Ti-Fi frictions are worse. I've never had trouble with TPs due to their low Fe though. Of course, debates can get heated (i.e. fun).Fi dom or aux.Not INTP, because there would be a wall of text.MBTI can certainly be used like that, but I don't quite like the fact that you are bunching perceiving and judging functions together without differentiating their roles.   
When you're talking about changing someone's mind/convince them of something, the data you give them will always be absorbed and processed by their perceiving functions, and the merit and validity thereof assessed by their judging functions.

Ultimately you want to make sure that you both

1) deliver information in a way that can be easily grasped and processed by them

2) choose your arguments in order to appeal to their judging axis, especially their stronger/higher judging function

Your examples can be applied to both 1) and 2).  
Still, convincing an ESTJ and an INTJ will require different methods, because whatever you say will be filtered differently, that's why I don't agree that you can simply disregard the introverted functions.It makes perfect sense, and it's true that you can't directly access Ni and that it will work without triggers from the outside world (but nevertheless, it works on raw data that was gathered from the external world).

But even within the sphere of "Te-arguments", you can select specific ones and package them into words in certain ways.  
Presenting data or proof that others have/the person you're talking to has done something a certain way, which delivered good results in the past, and is very likely to deliver good results again, is way more likely to sway someone like my dad (ISTJ) than me.

His arguments were often of this nature, and while I was grateful for the advice (unless he was trying to push advice on me), and deemed his arguments sound, I wasn't really interested in experiences others have made or how "it's been done". I wanted good results in addition to doing things my own way, the way I thought they should be done.No, I'll make both work at the same time, even if it's impossible as per your definition.True Neutral Elf Wizard (4th Level)

Strength- 11  
Dexterity- 14  
Constitution- 11  
Intelligence- 15  
Wisdom- 17  
Charisma- 11  First impression: INTP vibe. After watching 7 minutes, I'd still say INTP in touch with his Fe. Have to work now unfortunately, but will finish watching later.1. INTP

2. ISTP

3. ExFP

4. INFJ

5. ENTJ

6. ISFP (likely to agree to just let me do everything)

7. ExFJ

8. ENTP

9. ESTJ* looking away from cam occasionally/darting eyes  
* speech sometimes slowing down, scanning for the right words to precisely express the mental model you've built  
* communicating specific info even when not strictly necessary ("japanese rice with natto")  
* analyzing your interaction with people in detail to the point where you can put it into a framework    
* analyzing the balance of your thinking/feeling, and trying to assign things generally to functions (= a system)  
* seem to naturally be in judging mode rather than perceiving  
* emphasis on truth while trying to keep peace (rather than keeping peace and trying to be be truthful)  
* based on your comment to someone in this thread: loss of composure would indicate inferior Fe  
* research to the point of "really knowing something" (= needing to know how things work on a fundamental level)  

Some things mentioned above also indicate Ne over Se, such as the fact that you seem to be observing different theoretical possibilities, sometimes jumping from one topic to a different one (as opposed to sentence to sentence, which Ni doms tend to do).

About occasionally being a habitual person: could also be tertiary Si. the question is whether you mainly look to your experiences as a guide for the present/future or not, and it doesn't really seem like it.  
Being social online and less social offline would also support INTP in general, but could be due to your mentioned social anxiety.These 2 links are good reads for Ne &amp; Si. Interested in your own view on it (also including Ti).

[Building Blocks of Personality Type – Extraverted Intuiting (Ne)](http://weirdfella.tumblr.com/post/135981111463/building-blocks-of-personality-type-extraverted)

[Building Blocks of Personality Type – Introverted Sensing (Si)](http://weirdfella.tumblr.com/post/135512913197/building-blocks-of-personality-type-introverted)Initially thought INFJ too, but after seeing him on Rubin Report I agree with INTJ.&gt; tradition

People use and understand the term tradition way too literally in context of Si. It means using subjective experiences as a guide, sticking to the tried-and-true with regards to that, and avoiding novelty that is simply novelty for its own sake (Ne in a nutshell).

You don't have to be what's commonly considered a traditional person to be an Si user.Hila does not have aux Te. I'd go with ISFP, especially after looking at her art.There was no value judgement whatsoever. If anything, your comment either reveals your own subconscious value judgement of the dichotomy or some kind of insecurity.It's accepted to shit on intuitives in general, if you wrap it up nicely in a joke. I suppose it's some kind of compensation for the intuitive bias that was prevalent.   
Kind of reminds me of politics where public opinion and support also tends to oscillate between two sides/extremes.B &amp; your I/E counterpartSounds like ESFPYes quite possibly if you look at the community as a whole. I was only referring to the recent evolution of this sub however, where people (very often intuitives) occasionally seem to see some kind of "injustice" or offense against sensors, where there really is none anymore most of the time.  
I don't like or see the merit of shitting on anyone anyway, within or without the MBTI community. I enjoy friendly banter though.Ti is the function most closely related to formal logic (= logical). The systems high Ti users build, though subjective, are based on deduction, with the aim of having perfect accuracy and consistency. It's also the reason why INTPs, for instance, are bad with ambiguity or paradoxes. Something is either true or false, anything else would defy logic (Fi works in a similar black/white fashion, but not based on logic).

Prove one part of a Ti model wrong, and potentially everything that was built on that model burns and crashes with it. INTJs, as Te types, for example, do not have this problem. Our Ni-world is irrational, malleable, even chaotic, and more than capable of entertaining paradoxes or contradictory truths, as long as it was deemed valid and objective by the means of Te.  

Te, on the other hand, uses induction to come to conclusions. "All rabbits I've seen in my life were white, so all rabbits must be white", that's how Te forms statements. It doesn't aim for absolute truth or accuracy, it deems very high likelihoods of something being true as good enough. This is why Ti types think that Te types don't put enough thought in things, and Te types, on the other hand, think that 85% of the Ti type's system is completely irrelevant to some issue at hand, and that they make things needlessly complicated.

So Ti types like the INTP are more logical than Te types like the INTJ. On the flip side, the laws of logic, by which TPs order their internal world, put boundaries on their perception, as everything is weeded out, if it doesn't "compute". Dominant introverted perceivers, especially those with Ni (based on abstraction and what is released within), have more room and capacity for imagination in their internal worlds by orders of magnitude compared to those types.

Introverted Fi types seem the most likely candidate to me.  
Ni, or intuition in general, might also play a role, although at least for INTJs, I'd guess they're more like idea- or thoughtbooks with irregular entries, rather than diaries.&gt;I often feel quite disconnected to sensors when I talk to them.

Are you sure it's because you're talking to sensors? I feel disconnected/detached from the real world most of the time, and I think it might be a Ni thing.Do you live in Australia?I could see ISTJ or ISTP. I'm aware they use completely different functions, but you mainly described behavior and traits. Either way, I think you either use Te/Fi or low Fe.

Why is social interaction important to you? simply for the sake of it/enjoyment, or because you feel like you did something useful with your time?You might be an extrovert with some degree of social anxiety. I think you should just dig deeper into the Jungian functions and figure out your type based on that. Give it some time.* Not being the self-appointed morality-police  
* Not pushing personal values on others  
* Having your own values and opinions regardless of what others tell you      
* Valuing internal individuality instead of homogeneity  
* Supportive of and empathizing with individuals and beings that are often bad off, ignored or forgotten  
* Authentic

Why would anyone not want to be an Fi user?http://i.imgur.com/3uXqUQt.gifv&gt; Fi is rational just like Ti

Jung described all judging functions (thinking and feeling) as rational, and all perceiving functions as irrational. Also, it was uncle Nietzsche who proclaimed that God is dead.

Are you even trying bish?Sure, give me the questions I should ask you.Espresso brewed in a Bialetti, no cream or sugar, freshly ground. Must not have a sour aftertaste, not even a trace.

As for tea, I like Earl Grey and matcha.Definitely INFP.ENTJ, although your last sentence would suggest Pi dom.https://pstypes.blogspot.ch/2009/11/pstypes-enneagram-test.html&gt; That sounds kind of prejudiced against S-types.

Your mind sounds kind of prejudiced against S-types, if you think they only discuss people or events.&gt; Facebook  
&gt; Botnet browser  
&gt; Cleartype off  
&gt; Megasync  
&gt; 12hour clock in 2017

2/10 for making me replyTheir attitude of expectations when it comes to other people (with respect to the Fi/Fe user's values).  

Fi does not necessarily (but can) subscribe to external values, and often has a mixed set of internal/external values. It will heavily resist external values being forced on them they don't agree with. In return, they do not demand others to adopt their values either. They might defend their values and argue for them, but in the end they will not insist on others having the same views, accepting them as internal and subjective, not universal.  
Fi is likely to get upset when they either perceive individuals and minorities to be "squashed" in some wayby the masses, and is also sensitive to attacks against their sense of self.   

An Fe user's values are based externally to a much larger degree, or at the very least it is what they will present to you even if they internally disagree. I.e. they readily sacrifice part of their individual values (for you and everyone else) in order to keep things harmonious and smooth. In return, they absolutely do expect others to exhibit the same behavior as well, also sacrificing part of their individuality for the same purpose.      
Fe is more likely to get upset when they perceive others to act in inappropriate ways, and is sensitive to attacks directed at external values or standards.You can eat some cheese variants (usually hard cheese), even if you're lactose intolerant. Much of the lactose is broken down by the bacteria you add to make it, and also lost due to other reasons I can't recall.

You can report back on your opinion on cheese prices once you've sampled a few, looking forward to it.Some kind of TJ. Te also seems predominant, probably ESTJ.Looks like you were spot on with the passive-aggressiveness part.Both, but ISTPs are katana wielding edgelords (made of steel that's folded 5 million times) and INTJs are fedora wearing edgelords.What you described is Ti. Generally, suppressing your own morals can also be high Te or Fe/Ti though. Fi is the least likely function to give up their own ethics.I'd be interested in hearing from ISFPs if they think this is generally true.   
Out of the 3 I know, all of them are very non-dominant in the sense of taking charge of relationships.For me, the very point of meditating is connecting to Se in a healthy way. It's not easy, but it's beneficial if you can get out of your head on demand, which you will be able to do given enough practice.  
If you're interested, you can search for guided mindfulness meditation on Youtube. That's exactly what I observed as well with my ex. But I'm under the impression that /u/mbti-mbti defines "dominant" in a slightly different way.I remember my dreams 95% of the time. I occasionally have lucid dreams (I recognize the dream as such, and I can then control it to a certain extent and for a certain period of time), but I wouldn't necessarily call myself a natural lucid dreamer.  
In my younger years, nightmares would commonly consist of getting bad grades in French tests.Yeah, EFJ women also strike me as the most submissive in bed though :pI completely disagree that it doesn't help with connecting to Se. But then, I'm also not sure what you mean by that last paragraph, because I also specifically mentioned mindfulness in my post, which is commonly seen as meditation too.    

Regular mindfulness meditation helps me recognize when I'm in an "autopilot" mode in everyday situations, e.g. when I'm outside. For me, that mode is a semi-unconscious mode of excessively trying to analyze something and finding meaning in it, which can be a rather unhealthy habit. That awareness helps me snap out of it, and focus on or engage in the external world again, so instead of being paralyzed by relentless and useless analysis, I can turn my attention to actually useful matters.

For you, this might sound ridiculous, but the ability to do that already counts as experiencing the world for me. You say that Se is impulsive in trying to experience it. True, but if you have inferior Se, you can't simply engage in it as simply as you put it. Being aware of the now and your surroundings, without falling back into Ni, is already a task I find incredibly hard to do. It's easy to do if I lose myself in Se activities like gaming etc., but I see those things as escape more so than a healthy use of Se."Why?"On the surface it looks like Te dom, but I'd consider type 3 ESFP as well, you're oozing Se.&gt; 16 Different Assholes

Would buy.I don't think she's repressing Fi, she's mostly uncomfortable with the emotions of others. She seems to have a pretty subjective way of categorizing everything too. Also, she said takes things very personal, even if they aren't meant that way. If she is repressing Fi in some way, it's due to an over-reliance on Te, maybe even a Se-Te loop.

I don't think she uses high Ni, because she seems to reject deep and meaningful connections with people. Ni sees and craves depth and meaning in everything. Superficial interactions are seen as meaningless and boring. While she said she finds, as she put it, "deep people" intriguing, she intentionally never experienced "deep personal conversations" and substituted them with light and fun interactions instead. It just seems a stereotypically very Se/Ni thing to do to me. My ENTJ friend and business partner, while certainly selective in interactions and judgmental in general, thrives on interesting and deep exchange with other people.I'd change the part about Fi to "unauthentic" instead of superficial (also [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5uadmi/fe_vs_fi_moralsvalues/ddsnsxi/)) . 

And yes, Ni operates on Se data, the latter is only significant for what is released within the Ni user. Still, Ni is like a focusing lens that subconsciously seeks out the very essence of things by finding meaningful patterns that are buried beneath. It very much does focus on meaning as well as context, it's just not in the realm of conscious decisions - which is, what I think, you misinterpreted in my post, partly due to poor wording on my side. Either way, those things can not be observed on a surface level with surface tier interactions, no matter if they're perceived as authentic or not. My main point was that Ni automatically zeros in on meaning/essence, and interactions with humans are no exception with that.No need to apologize.

Yes, it might indicate inferior or generally low Fi as well. It doesn't explain why she struggles with dealing with people irl though. The Te doms I know are usually more confident and proactive during face to face interactions (compared to online), and lay out 5 ways of dealing with an issue if you go complaining to them about something, even if it contains emotional content. I've hardly ever seen them just sit there waiting for someone to take the initiative. It might just be some kind of anxiety for her, however.  
There's also

&gt;I have a tendency to take things as personal attacks even if they weren’t. When people are blunt to me, I get really mad because they shouldn’t be speaking in such a rude way. Since I haven’t done anything wrong to them, they should be respectful.

This really doesn't compute if someone is a TJ. TJs are the personification of cut to the chase and through the bullshit, and they appreciate this style of communication from others as well. They're probably one of the least likely types to find it rude (whereas Fe would be prone to thinking "Who says something like this?" and Fi prone to thinking "Why are they treating my like that?"), even more so when communication is objective and not a personal attack (which OP also seems to interpret as attack).

As for the loop mechanics, I'm pretty certain that the very definition of one implies an unhealthy bypassing of your auxiliary function, i.e. in a loop you do not value it, you ignore or even suppress it.

Either way, I can potentially see many explanations for many of the points that were discussed in the entirety of the thread, and OP is also 17, which means the functions might either manifest in ways I'm not really used to anymore (I'm 30+) or aren't fully developed yet.* Attuned to sensory details of people or products, and quite observant if something catches your interest. But you don't seem focused on a recall of concrete yet subjective information that you've amassed over time in a way that would remind me of SJs, i.e. to guide your judgements - either that, or your post simply made no mention of it.

* First impression for you is based on body language and physical aspects. In the same paragraph (F) you also mentioned being bad at reading between the lines. Ni usually does that quite effortlessly and struggles with noticing and retaining sensory data (because the actual experience disappears under the subjective interpretation/impression thereof, like pieces of a puzzle that become indistinguishable from each other once the puzzle is assembled and reveals a theme).

* Being proactive and results-oriented isn't just a Te thing. Se doms are often very focused on both doing and experiencing, and often deal with problems before they become too overwhelming. They seem like some of the least likely types to overthink. 

* Being impulsive, temperamental and actually able to show it physically

* Some points you listed as answer to G. also occasionally point to Se, but those might as well be associated with other functions, or with none at all, so I don't want to use them

As I pointed out in my other post, some points could be explained by various functions or even your enneatype, so if you are unsure of your type, it's a good idea to keep an open mind about Se doms as well. Ultimately, you know yourself the best.I PM'd you a few resources about Ni. It can be a function that's difficult to grasp at first, even if you are a dom or aux. But if you are indeed a high Ni user and let the information sink in, you'll sooner or later most definitely recognize it in yourself.I've seen different theories about function development. What you say seems to be the consensus, but it's worth considering that it doesn't make sense that people start developing some of their functions only just late in life, the functions form axes after all. Some functions certainly grow faster than others, but there is some growth in the entirety of the stack, and it can also be influenced by external factors (nurture).

One source I remember: http://www.darionardi.com/functions.html

As for the other question, people are usually a bit more balanced when they get older (provided they're healthy), i.e. their type becomes less pronounced.ISTJ or INTP would be my guesses as well.   
Have you ever experienced him under continuous stress (i.e. in the grip of his inferior)? Would you say he's more prone to 1) become hyper-cautious, start obsessing over possible negative developments and outcomes in his future, and try to impose control on his environment and/or himself more rigidly (rules, regulations, overpreparing) or 2) become hypercritical and judgy of other people and social situations, be emotionally volatile and easily agitated, but possibly also socially outgoing and dependent on social validation more than usual?If it's stress that's caused by external demands and obligations (that aren't work), I get irritated/increasingly irritable by people. Sums up 30 years of interactions with my mum pretty well.I've gotten along with ISFPs quite well and vice versa. And that includes being close buddies and/or partners.Pretty clear ISTJ.  

Not seeing INTJ because Ni doms very much tend to visualize things and/or daydream frequently when "thinking", I wouldn't call their perception practical (alternatives and options being considered all the time), and their planning process isn't a linear one like it seems to be for you. You also seem to dislike, even avoid, novelty for its own sake, which would indicate inferior Ne.

The Te/Fi is even more evident, since you mainly apply impersonal external standards and metrics to the outside world, and probably would like it if everyone else did too. Individuality is an internal thing for you, and you're interested in what makes you, as a unique individual, tick.I don't know if that plays into it. Dominant Ni types characteristically have a focus on some kind of inner images while engaging in the function though. Not necessarily literal images (though it can be the case), but some kind of conjured images/ideas they manipulate or toy with half-subconsciously, while in the outside world they seem to be spaced out, as if they were currently residing in a world that is far, far removed from where you (= the observer) are at that instant.&gt; isn't the most putrid shit on planet earth that are as valid as your answer to a "which naruto character are you" quiz

Looks like someone is mad because they got Sakura as result.Arbitrary dichotomy introduced by 16p in order to appear more special.Sensory interruption while I'm in the zone.I think it would annoy many people when trying to focus inwardly, but it definitely is also characteristic for Ni/Se due to the way it supposedly works on a neuroscientific level  (all regions of the neocortex in low-activity sync).Probably INxJ based on what they wrote.Do you consider yourself a healthy individual? Otherwise you could consider ENTP in a Ne-Fe loop.

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/133090287772/accurate-typing-tertiary-temptationThe distinction between surface, i.e. what is immediately apparent and possibly constructed, and what's beneath it, i.e. the universal truths that "actually" define something or someone, is an inherently Ni thing to do.

You might think that it's Fi that does it, and to a certain extent its true, because it values authenticity. But it's Ni that has it's inner eye on perceiving and determining what's really going on and attaches meaning to data that is perceived by the five senses.

Also, they seem concerned about and have problems with not being understood, which is also something Ni doms  frequently struggle with. Fi's main fear would consist of being judged for who they are, not of not being understood or misunderstood.&gt;I can see that Ni doms are typically the least understood

Often it's at least partially the Ni dom's fault too. Due to the non-linear and mostly subconscious nature of the function, as well as limitations of language, our views and thoughts tend to be translated poorly when we do make the effort to communicate them. Add that to the mix of them often being unconventional or unpopular, and you'll get the result of Ni doms not being properly understood.

What you can do is learn to translate Ni insights better using Te/Fe, and deliver it properly and concisely to other people. INFJs tend to be better - or more successful - at this, because the impact they have on others is important to them. INTJs are more iconoclastic in this regard.Is this your final form?I noticed that I enjoy making somewhat dominant women submit, but not women that are submissive. Not sure why, but I'm guessing I like the challenge and when both are playing to win, regardless of scenario.But they're only talking about cooking it.ISTP and ISFPIxTJ, leaning ISTJ.I remember I typed you as ISTJ.

You have to understand that it doesn't matter what some description of your type suggests, you're still an individual, pretty much the same one you were before you took the test or identified as INTJ. If you were a creative and open individual then, you still are. Nothing changed, except your perception of yourself.

Also, I think that ISTJ is the stereotypical scientist more so than INTP or INTJ. They can clearly see and discern what is in front of them, and excel at both systematically acquiring knowledge and systematically applying it empirically, which is a large part of what a scientist (in the narrower sense) does. The INTP is more of a builder of theoretical frameworks based on abstract information they can observe or come up with in or based on the external world, and the INTJ's focus is "forcing"/coming to a holistic understanding of things that can't readily be perceived by the five senses, nor immediately explained or proven empirically. That's not to say that the latter 2 make bad scientists though, just more crackpotty ones.

Either way, I submit that it's not a disjoint between your personality and your craft, but a disjoint between the perception of your personality and your craft. Or in other words: don't artificially limit your prospects to managing someone's calendar in the future due to some 4 letter code.

Yeah, sensors are great at gathering data and working incrementally until they reach a concrete result, especially ISxJs due to the nature of Si. It's also what makes them so reliable. 

INxJs usually synthesize and/or triangulate a result out of seemingly nothing, and then have to bridge and fill the gap from a starting point to that end result with actual and concrete data retroactively.TJs and SPs are the easiest to type irl for me, their aura gives it away, then you just have to pin it down exactly.I'd likely think "fucking plebs" if shortened significantly, feeling that I wasted my time on them. I'd definitely complain about the adjustments and ask them to revise them, if they seriously misrepresented me or the content of my answers. 

If they don't, I'd avoid them in the future. Depending on how grave it is, I'd publicize a statement on my webpage or social media, and occasionally try to verbally shit on them publicly in a sarcastic (possibly passive-aggressive) way, when I get the chance to do so.You bet I will. I'd also hire an ENTP to accompany me, so I can take the shittalking to another level with their help.I'm neither upset nor pissed. It's all good :)If it's important to you, you could write/contact them, and tell them in a diplomatic way that you feel a bit disappointed about being misrepresented (about the nervous part) in that way.

Since it's a school thing, I wouldn't take the matter too seriously. The scenario I pictured in my head was something along the lines of publishing an important paper, a discovery, or something like that, and them slandering my name. Sounds like you already know the answer. Very often, letting something rest will lead to new answers as well.&gt;Te persona  
&gt;persona

Triggered&gt; ISTJ: German (perfectly ordered, consistent and predictable language)

What you described would be Japanese, not German.Under stress must be your baby Te. Ni is dreamy and relaxing, no active analyzing.INTP, they naturally blend in like furniture wherever they are.You can interpret it as having a balanced Si/Ne axis.The thumb to rule them all.Nodame from Nodame Cantabile.Your pupper is very lucky to have you :)I think type 6 correlates much more with Si than Ni (unless it's just a wing). I associate the latter with type 5, 4 and maybe 1. But there's no research behind my claim.The samples usually don't seem to be truly random (taken at particular places with a certain demographic), so I don't think the distribution of types they get is that reliable.Maybe so.   
Also, you seem to hold some kind of grudge against INFJs for some reason, and I wouldn't be surprised if you created this thread for the sole purpose of ranting against the "special snowflake behavior" some individuals exhibit.Fair enough. Best to just ignore it, I suppose.Sometimes being direct equals keeping things harmonious (often when facing a TJ, for instance). Maybe you can add this variable to your harmony-keeping equation, considering reading people and responding to their needs is a forte of your type.http://i.imgur.com/zrcWRvF.gif&gt;How does inferior Fe manifest itself in people?

[80s INTP engaging in his inferior Fe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa0rpCgVLs4&amp;t=0m30s)  
Don't worry about the language, you'll notice when it starts happening. And apologies for not being more helpful.The point is that there are different ways of dividing/grouping them, not just one, and each way will reveal different patterns.[Nope](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ze_uxxFJTvE)

tl;dw: He runs at 10m/sThe Ne creative process is more active and incremental. If it had a canvas, it would try out different things, paint a bit here and there, correct, adjust, present it to other people, maybe paint over old stuff, and continue until it has completed its creation. Or in other words, it's an active, visible and incremental process based and dependent on real world observations, interactions, and triggers. When Ne users talk to you, they seem to be playing table tennis/ping pong.

The Ni process you call "envisioning" is very different. If Ni had a canvas, you wouldn't see anything happening at all. Not just because its internal in nature, but also because the process is not incremental in the narrower sense. It doesn't need any triggers, external or internal, to start painting ("trigger" is not to be confused with data, which was indeed collected in the past and Ni is processing). Rather, the Ni user simply waits, because the degree to which they can influence the process is very small, potentially limited to directing one's attention to a certain topic at hand, so that the subconscious operates on related material more often.  
The completed canvas (the creation) would eventually seem to appear out of thin air even to the user, as if it had gone from nothing at all to a 100% completion rate. Of course, the background process of assembling the puzzle (or of extracting a compressed file) was gradual, but the both the Ni user and especially the outside observer will see very little, if not nothing of that.

Ni users don't play ping pong. They sack the ball and bolt it, and you will most likely never see the ball again. It will either be stolen, or something remotely related to some kind of ball will be presented and returned to you the next time. So make sure you depreciate the costs of the balls before playing with an NJ, because you're not going to see them again.

Anyway, I don't know if it's possible or even worth it adapting this process for an NP. I'd say no, because you have your own strengths that other types lack, and the 2 processes outlined operate in the opposite direction (one external and expansive, the other internal and reductive).  
As for achieving the outcome and bringing things to fruition, it's more likely that improving your extroverted judging function (Te) is going to help you more.Ah yes, I was being imprecise. When an NP and NJ are in a conversation, NP often "serves the ball" and expects NJ to return it, but they don't, they sack it (they have to wait and see).Yes, they usually need time to process to generate deep insights (deep as in elaborate or sound, not "wow so deep"). Depending on their inner world and knowledge, they might be able to respond fast and effortlessly, but simply "bouncing back the ball" doesn't come naturally as it does for NPs.ISxJ.

Definitely some Pi-dom or aux however, because you prefer reducing things to their essence, and dislike it it if they are too expansive or unrestrained.My initial thought was that you might be ISFJ and your gaining energy from being around people sometimes, but not always, is due to Fe. You also said you worry about the future and obsess over different things that could go wrong under stress, which reminded me of inferior Ne.

But it's entirely possible that you're an extrovert, the only thing I'm rather sure of is that you use Si. **Spoilers**

Ryuuji: ESFP

Morgana: ENFP

Ann: ESFJ

Yuusuke: INTJ

Makoto: ISTJ

Futaba: INFP

Haru: ISFJ

Gorou: ENTP

I thought she's textbook ISTJ, especially if you contrast her with Yuusuke, who is always trying to capture the very essence of whatever he's preoccupied with.My reasoning is that she is really both shrewd and sharp like an investigator, quick at picking up on things/details and making deductions based on them. She also upholds her own values as well as those of her family, and she seems to be quite "correct" and sincere in her social and school life.

Yuusuke in contrast is often trying to capture and express things that he seems to have a grasp on but can't communicate verbally. He can be both quite oblivious or indifferent towards social rituals and codes in exchange with others. Then there's his eccentricity (random remarks in conversations, "dual lobsters", crucifixion scene in the church etc.). Both of them are quite rational, quick-witted and certain about who they are/their values (Te/Fi).

You didn't ask for it, but I'd type some of the other confidants like this:

Sakurai Soujirou (Hierophant): Initially thought ExTP, but might be xSTJ

Mifune Chihaya (Fortune): IxFJ

Justine and Caroline (Strength): INTP &amp; ESTP

Iwai Munehisa (Hanged Man): ISTP [what a bro, one of my favorite characters]

Takemi Tae (Death): INTJ

Kawakami Sadayo (Temperance): ISFP

Ooya Ichiko (Devil): ENTP

Oda Shinya (Tower): not sure yet

Tougou Hifumi (Star): INFJ

Mishima Yuuki (Moon): INTP

Yoshida Toranosuke (Sun): ExFJ

Niijima Sae (Judgement): ESTJDo you mean debating or arguing? I doubt that there are many people who enjoy arguing or being part of an argument.Depends on what you mean by reading, but FJs misjudge me the most I'd say.I posted this in a thread a few days ago

**Ryuuji:** ESFP

**Morgana:** ENFP

**Ann:** ESFJ

**Yuusuke:** INTJ

**Makoto:** ISTJ

**Futaba:** INFP

**Haru:** ISFJ

**Gorou:** ENTP

As for the confidants: https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/66oh3t/persona_5_mbti/dglnm7m/This is at least partially true, I don't know why you got downvoted.

You can look at Ni/Se as an axis where the serf (Se) gathers data, and the king (Ni) operates on  and ultimately forms impressions based on it. During the collection of said data, Ni types, especially Ni-doms as predominant perceivers, are usually very open-minded and the opposite of stubborn, as the data is not filtered in any way (judging function is auxiliary).  
But once this phase has concluded, i.e. insights/impressions have been formed, the same person can and often will stop being receptive and start becoming unyielding with respect to certain data, which can result in some of the most infuriatingly stubborn and pig-headed people. This is especially true of INTJs, who are often also personally invested in their ideas (Fi).No single source, but these are the ones that I found the most useful in my endeavors

* [Michael Pierce's Youtube videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmDcT_Pujk8vOcxk_IcnxtQ/videos)

* [http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/) (good despite being tumblr)

* [My True Type: Clarifying Your Personality Type, Preferences &amp; Functions](https://www.amazon.com/True-Type-Clarifying-Personality-Preferences-ebook/dp/B00LKRXH8E/)

* [Building Blocks of Personality Type](https://www.amazon.com/Building-Blocks-Personality-Type-Discovering/dp/0692235116/)

* [Neuroscience of Personality: Brain Savvy Insights for All Types of People](https://www.amazon.com/Neuroscience-Personality-Brain-Insights-People/dp/0979868475/)Mostly Fi &amp; Se, i.e. ISFP.* INTJ

* ESxP

On-demand adaptability, nonchalance, and 50% racial resistance to sensory overload.Ti/Fe: Filters and evaluates information with subjective, but logically valid true/false assessments. Tends to disregard/devaluate effect the assessment has on others and whether it is commonly deemed appropriate or not.

Fi/Te: Filters and evaluates information with subjective right/wrong assessments. Tends to disregard/devaluate commonly used and accepted impersonal metrics/standards in their assessment.Ti: validity, accuracy, deductive

Te: rationality, efficiency, inductive

Fi: personal values, individuality, authenticity

Fe: outer values, relationships, harmony

Si: memories, recall, familiarity 

Ni: perspectives, meaning, predictability

Se: experience, perceptions, objectivity

Ne: possibilities, associations, connections

Your brother is a dick.Yes, order would also describe Te in a good way.  
It's also the main reason ETJs are quick to act and execute, they immediately order (filter) information they gather, while their ITJ counterparts catalog their information unfiltered, and then sort it with Te over time in a second step.Glad I could be of help.Athene is ENTJ, Kripp possibly INTJ.ESFJThere was also that one speech Kripp held at some university which was about how he went about becoming famous and a full time streamer, that was one of the main reasons I started seeing TJ in him. 

I don't really follow HS streamers, but one of them who used to(?) play it quite often was Trump, who's most likely an INTP.IxTJ seems highly likely to me.  

Higher Te than Fi for sure (4, 6, 13, 16). You need to feel in control of your external environment and your Fi judging system doesn't seem as intricate or visible as you'd expect from an Fi dom. You seem quite relentless/unyielding with the values that are important to you however, which often tend to be reliability, honesty, dependability etc. for IxTJs.

&gt;Plus I feel like my emotions influence me more than it would an INTJ. Shrug.

This is called self-awareness. Fi isn't necessarily about emotions, but if you are aware of your motivations and how emotions influence you, I'd still say it speaks for Fi somewhere in the stack that isn't inferior Fi (many ExTJs like to pretend they act completely rationally and judge everything objectively, but they often just have very poor self-awareness).&gt;I am a gay male.

ENTP.

On a more serious note, I don't think there's enough to pin it down accurately, but - and I might be unconsciously biased - you give off an INTJ or INFP vibe to me. I think that routine and consistency would be naturally desired and willingly implemented by high Si users, and the way you seem to empathize seems more Fi than Fe to me too, especially factoring in your childhood.

Since you seem to be an autodidact, I recommend you read up on the Jungian functions and try to type yourself that way. The following site has quite decent information 

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/149191973762/type-spotting-guide

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/basicsCurious if people who know her well agree with her self-typing. Anyone?&gt;When I was a kid, I was outgoing, talking to many people and kids and at least trying to get involved in most things and facilitate my own stuff when applicable.

&gt;I explored everything from a very young age.

&gt;I was also a bit of a know-it-all, debating adults about stuff.

This all speaks for extroversion in my opinion. Introverts tend to be shy and reluctant at that age, preferring to observe things from the sidelines until they get a proper understanding of things (especially IxxJs as predominant perceivers).

I used to be quite insecure at a young age (&lt;6), especially with more adversarial kids, while my then-best friend (ESTP) would tell them off (and occasionally beat them up) for me.

&gt;I have a very good memory of some specific things.

&gt;I also remember numbers exceptionally well.

You don't need good Si to remember such aspects well, and just because someone uses Si, they don't necessarily remember them well either. I easily recognize faces and voices, but I suck with names and birth dates for instance (I also think they're irrelevant and meaningless aspects of a person).

High Si typically catalogs subjectively relevant information as sensory references and will recall these  memories in order to use them as a guide for the present or future. It's also highly uncomfortable with change, new situations and annoyed by flakiness and ambiguity.

&gt;I have very little idea about my bodily functions, which in part has led me to explore some body mind connection stuff at some phases of my life.

This speaks for inferior Si or low sensing in general. Si is good at homeostasis or noticing fluctuations.

&gt;My memory works best when prompted. It is associational, as in it's hard for me to come up with random details without any structure or anything to link it to.

Si obviously also has a structure and links memories to something. But typically it's Ne that needs associations and the context of/relationships to other information to properly connect the dots. It also needs an external trigger, unlike Ni.

&gt;I find good personal relationships really fulfilling.

Don't many of us? You are specifically talking about "good relationships", which many would see as fulfilling. People who can't be bothered with building relationships are frequently those who have a hard time building and/or establishing good ones in the first place, or find said process tedious.

&gt;NFJ-ish and other stuff

Much of what you wrote indicates some kind of Ne and Fe. Freeform brainstorming isn't Ni at all though, and I can't imagine INxJs (or IxxJ in general) enjoying having to come up with many ideas on the fly.  
Ni is the opposite, waiting until one thing (the most relevant one and essence) remains.

&gt;I was good at math, physics, chem, anything theoretical in school withouth putting in much effort.  
&gt;I'm super theoretical and can understand anything put in front of me.

This just means you likely have a high  IQ.

&gt;I get exhausted by details.

Again indicative of low Si.

&gt;NTP or just NT stuff

I do think that many points in that segment are Ne &amp; Ti related, but it's also the longest segment and you said you can portray yourself as anything you want, so make sure you were unbiased.

&gt;I want to have a lot of fun in life and live it to the fullest

I don't see this as Fi related. Most people want to live their life to the fullest, and it means something different for every individual.  
It would be more helpful if you could lay out what "a lot of fun in life" and "living life to the fullest" means to you and why. Or in other words: we need to go deeper.

&gt;I have been searching for myself for quite a while after some rough stuff growing up. I do these periodical quests of finding more about myself before going out into the world again.

Do you have an easy or hard time with determining your core and your values?

&gt;I'm super empathetic. Basically I mirror like hell. I attune very much into atmospheres and other people. 

Does this apply to most situations with most people or are you more discriminating, as if you were pouring all your empathy into a subset of possible recipients but more intensely?

&gt;I'm very, very, very optimistic, which is innately supposed to be an Fi (and dom Ne) trait.

What does optimistic mean though? I usually associate an optimistic aura with ExxPs, they're the ones to have a nonchalant "it's going to work out" attitude. Fi doms have a more internalized and less tangible optimism, e.g. believing in people/humanity etc.

&gt;Things speaking for introversion/introversion

I don't think all of these speak for introversion. It's normal for extroverts to need some kind of downtime too, and they, too, can be explorers who constantly learn new stuff.

tl;dr: Highly likely you're an ExxP, more likely N than S (or high Ne/low Si), more likely some kind of Fe than Fi, though the Fe doesn't seem very prominent. Take it as you will.INFJ, OP posted a link.I agree that relatively speaking, it's unlikely for IxxJs due to being Pi-doms, although, as we see in this thread, there certainly are exceptions.

As for the more likely types, probably NPs?Even the Nigerian Prince scam is more believable.Dear Sir:

I have been requested by the Nigerian National Petroleum Company to contact you for assistance in resolving a matter. The Nigerian National Petroleum Company has recently concluded a large number of contracts for oil exploration in the sub-Sahara region. The contracts have immediately produced moneys equaling US$40,000,000. The Nigerian National Petroleum Company is desirous of oil exploration in other parts of the world, however, because of certain regulations of the Nigerian Government, it is unable to move these funds to another region.

You assistance is requested as a non-Nigerian citizen to assist the Nigerian National Petroleum Company, and also the Central Bank of Nigeria, in moving these funds out of Nigeria. If the funds can be transferred to your name, in your United States account, then you can forward the funds as directed by the Nigerian National Petroleum Company. In exchange for your accommodating services, the Nigerian National Petroleum Company would agree to allow you to retain 10%, or US$4 million of this amount.

However, to be a legitimate transferee of these moneys according to Nigerian law, you must presently be a depositor of at least US$100,000 in a Nigerian bank which is regulated by the Central Bank of Nigeria.

If it will be possible for you to assist us, we would be most grateful. We suggest that you meet with us in person in Lagos, and that during your visit I introduce you to the representatives of the Nigerian National Petroleum Company, as well as with certain officials of the Central Bank of Nigeria.

Please call me at your earliest convenience at 18-467-4975. Time is of the essence in this matter; very quickly the Nigerian Government will realize that the Central Bank is maintaining this amount on deposit, and attempt to levy certain depository taxes on it.

Yours truly,

Prince Alyusi IslassisINTJ, typically like INTJ, sometimes like ENTJ or ISFPNodame Cantabile's main characters are a male ISTJ and female ENFP.&gt;I've no interest in them whatsoever.

Damn, will they ever recover?IrrelevantJordan PetersonIt might be an incorrect statement or an insult, but it's not an ad hominem, because they're not trying to refute someone's argument with it.You're welcome. I think the anime has a 2nd season too, and the manga is quite long. I don't know how much the drama covered though, as I never watched it.Nah, no Te, certainly not dom, he's INTP.That's exactly the point he's making, judge (the validity of) the idea.Don't let me stop you.http://i.imgur.com/5Sr5F0X.png

It got nothing right, will try again in a few weeks.~~Inferior~~ nethermost Ni&gt;I can come up with things to do and my mind can come with a 1000 possibilities of how something in the future can play now. I usually take those thoughts and make a plan for the future. I am pretty good at brainstorming and I like to keep an open mind on what I want to do.

How do you weed them out?

Leaning ESTJ so far.Are you the one who got typed, didn't like it, and deleted the thread earlier? Just wondering.His other account is

https://www.reddit.com/user/SimeonTJudgement must logically and subjectively make sense to Ti, deduction, from the many to the one etc. Ti users often create their own systems that are logically consistent yet only make sense to them.

Te is the opposite, from the one to the many (inductive). TJ are typically fast to generalize, take things for a fact and readily integrate or apply external systems and standards.Least likely to go along with things like gassing the Jews in a setting where people are brainwashed into believing it's a good thing to do.Depends. 

On a dichotomy test, you should get inverted letters. But on a functions test, you should get the type you're least related to on a function basis (flip all letters except for the J/P). The premise is that the tools are programmed properly.

I don't think it's that useful for determining type though. When you are on the fence about certain dichotomies or functions (percentage close to 50% or medium use of function, respectively), you still will be with your "opposite type test".His voice sounds like physical assault. 

The content is alright though. It was nice playing the game and understanding the background of some of the concepts it's based on.&gt;world leader

Where do you apply for this job?ψ(｀∇´)ψ

Yes, this is my evil face. If that doesn't convince you, I don't know.Reportiere ein.Standing firm as a rock even in turbulent waters.ISTP judging by the way you express yourself and the "mind your own business and leave me the fuck alone" attitude.

But worry not, you can still put normies in their place and earn your tendies as an ISTP.That popover appearing on the axis you select your answers on is infuriating. The person who did this is bad and should feel bad.ESFJINTJs can be both slow moving and procrastinators, but for different reasons.   
Usually it's due to Ni seeing an ideal way to do something or a desired "perfect" result, and the knowledge that you can't pull it off in reality as envisioned. Since most of us have an all or nothing attitude and are quite perfectionistic, it can lead to not even trying at all (unless you can counterbalance Ni with Se).On a scale of 0 to rainbow shitting unicorn, how much positive energy do you spread to other people when you are in groups?Without a doubt. It's self-evident, because the former internalize judgement and the latter externalize judgement more often than not.Yes of course non Ni-doms can have said trait too. I just think it's the most common reason for Ni-doms to procrastinate in the first place, and also the most prevalent among them.&gt;Extrovert

You're automatically disqualified from being a robot, or earning good girl points for that matter. Not that I'd consider myself one, but just saying.Sounds like dom Se/inferior Ni to me.

&gt;It'll be something along the lines of me noticing a common theme to something that over-arches through an idea. (ex, I'll have some revelation about a particular type of person and try to figure out what this "theme" is supposed to mean) I do this all the time without thinking about it, but I'm not sure which function it would be.

Stripping something down to its essence and subjectively attributing meaning to things is often Ni related. Ne looks at context and associations, it branches out from a single point, while Ni usually reduces "everything" to its core.Based on the sparse info provided, she sounds like an unbalanced ESFJ. Je doms are the ones who impose on others the most, and she seems to argue from both an appropriateness/inappropriateness standpoint as well as based on what has or hasn't worked for her personally, i.e. Fe &amp; Si.You're taking "stripping down" way too literally. Operating on data points (Se) and puzzling it together until only the essence of what it represents remains, discarding everything else, is exactly what Ni does. Just because it doesn't happen consciously it doesn't mean it's not happening.

You can look at Ni as thinking without thinking, as a background process (daemon), whereas Ti is thinking with thinking, something active and conscious.https://www.reddit.com/r/sensor/

#SLMintrovert, using Se/Ni axis, dom Ni unlikely, high Fe unlikelyFrom a robot's perspective, coming off as robotic comes naturally.&gt; Unlike Ne, which wants to combine and synthesize information

That's Ni, not Ne. Ne finds connections, and it does that by jumping around from an external starting point, remaining in the external world, scanning for information and abstracting it. You could even say it only fully "sees" something in the light of its connections/associations/relationships. But it neither synthesizes information (it finds it), nor does it combine all the information, at least not in order to distill the underlying unifying pattern or a line of best fit (again, Ni).Even if we assumed that what you said was true (it doesn't matter if it is or not), it doesn't change the fact that you should correctly differentiate between Ni and Ne. And even though they might superficially resemble each other and have some commonalities, in the end they work in vastly different ways and directions.Fair enough. What's the basis for the statement about all intuitives utilizing both functions anyway, Socionics and the function preference vs. strength thing?   

That theory seems to be frequently and casually brought up and weaved into MBTI on this sub without any clarification or differentiation.But that's not u/mirrorconspiracies/?http://i.imgur.com/jwSTXr3.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/tVODwxi.png(not an Americlap)

Scale A1: Geopolitical Knowledge (score: 699)

Scale A2: Technology Industry Knowledge (score: 649)

Scale B1: Male Cultural Interests (score: 464)

Scale B2: Female Cultural Interests (score: 521)Schools often have a very STJ'ish approach, but it tends to shift to a much more N-style approach at universities.

More often than not also more tailored to introverts, as extroverts seem to be good at learning something when they can interact with others.Cookies, really? How about something about being dependable and loyal instead.http://personalityjunkie.com/isfp-type-profile/

This one is quite decent.I'm not going to have children, but if I did, I'd try to raise them to be autonomous and independent (concretely and independence of mind), and try to instill "good"/sound moral values.

Other than that, I'd support them to become the best version of themselves/realize their potential.Didn't mean to sound too negative, but the rest of your post sounds quite neutral for newcomers, so might as well.ISTJ

edit: Si-dom because huge emphasis on familiarity, and relating to situations and things by their "delta" (what's different).ISFPhttp://i.imgur.com/kjEu1sm.jpg

Fixed your flawed premise.No, [this source proves it](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6nfqhq/intj_logic/dk93lnf/).I'm counting over 5 in this thread alone?ISTP*their&gt; How batshit are we talking here?

Some seriously heavy shit like using public transport without looking at the timetables before leaving your house.INTP friend in high school used to hum frequently.

It was so atonal it put Schönberg's Suite Op 25 to shame.You know your friend really well..

Some high Se user, maybe Se dom, considering that taking things as they come and how they are objectively seems to be the main theme, plus the short-sightedness that typically comes with low/inferior Ni.

I don't think that her having a good memory is an indication of Si. Also, she doesn't seem meddling and obtrusive or driven and confrontational enough to be a Je dom.

Her interaction style (cheerful, expressive, engaging) seems ESxP, and it's also the main part that speaks against ISTP for me, because Ti doms are typically quite "muted". If it wasn't for that point I'd also consider ISTP, as they are a very diverse breed.*theirThe typing thread you created and then deleted pointed to ISTJ.Unrelated, but are you an NTP? Many of your posts seem quite NTP.Well, obviously it's gone now due to deletion, but

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6nd54r/type_me/Maybe you would benefit looking at it from a higher level again? One of the issues with typology - and Socionics in particular (as it tries to define/map everything in detail) - is that it's not hard science and verifiable. Some points are bound to not apply to you. 

You're looking at a low resolution image close up, zooming out might reveal more of what the picture represents.Maybe, but the more important question is: are you more obsessed with NJs or ass?Tentatively ESTJSeemed like the best fit, even though based on what you wrote, you can't be too certain.

Security for you means stability, and stability seems to be based on very real circumstances in your life, such as career, family, etc. Valuing this isn't restricted to a type or function, but it still strongly strikes me as something a high Si user would mention and describe in this way, and exerting control over your environment is stereotypically something Te strives to do.

You also seem to be meticulous and detail-oriented, and beat yourself up if you don't live up to your own standards. Improver, own worth subjectively based on intelligence, dominant in conversations [with friends], perceptive of and attentive to "responsibilities" that can be clearly assigned to people. Interested in remaining level-headed and objective in a debate/conversation, rather than making other people see the what is "right and wrong". Te/Si seems like the best fit based on these aspects.

Also, you'd go as far as to "substantially research" a fad. Not many things speak for too high Se or Ne in your post, the exploratory or experience-seeking aspect is a bit lacking.

What do you see yourself as?If NJ ass presented itself to you, how would you react? Would the fear of NJs or the obsession with ass prevail?Living in their own reality, but managing to give it some form or shape for others to see.&gt; biannual room cleaning

&gt; biannual 

http://i.imgur.com/Aq98QN3.jpg&gt;cries at every movie where a dog dies

DELET THISThe INTP is a seeker. This is a vibe you can get from many INTPs. 

A lone guy on the beach who's looking for something in the sand, digging and digging and digging. If you ask them just what they are looking for, they won't even be able to tell you specifically, the only obvious thing is that they are looking for something, potentially the one thing that explains everything (to them).

You can return every day for weeks, and they will always be there, doing nothing but searching the same goddamn beach. If you're lucky, one day upon returning to the beach, they will be able to show you something, a stone or gem they found, which seems to explain everything they didn't understand before. They'll tell you about it for hours, rambling, and it's going to seem like they're talking as much to themselves as to you. Then, you return the next day and find them seeking again - it wasn't the thing they were looking for after all because they found some kind of imperfection, the stone now worthless.

ISTPs aren't like this. This doesn't even answer your question, but I don't care.[link to N sub] - [replace N with S]

Obligatory joke.COKEAn interesting addition, thanks. Also, potentially INxPs are more interested in finding, and ENxPs are more interested in the seeking process itself.ISTP, as they clearly have the biggest intra-type variance, for which I have no evidence whatsoever.ITxJ and ExFJ often don't mesh well, which doesn't mean it can't work though.http://pstypes.blogspot.com/2009/11/pstypes-enneagram-test.htmlNot an enneagram expert, but I'd say that's very plausible for an ExxP.Most likely INTJ, if not ISTJ or ENTJ.

You didn't happen to intentionally phrase your answers in a way that they would indicate Ni/Te, inferior Se, and little else?ESFJ. Even though some things you say sound quite Fi, Fe/Si are the most apparent.

I agree with the others who say there's hardly any Ni. Result: Thinking Introversion

Took test at https://introvertdear.com/news/science-says-there-are-4-kinds-of-introverts/

edit:

This one seems to have percentages http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2015/06/apparently-there-are-four-kinds-of-introversion.html

Manual calculation https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/beautiful-minds/what-kind-of-introvert-are-you/[Did someone just say Dark Souls? Cause I think I just heard someone say Dark Souls.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mp28JPs25ek)How do you find ISFPs to be manipulative? I know 3 of them, plus a bunch of ISTPs, and I find ISxPs in general to be one of the least manipulative types. They tend to be private and reluctant to share details, but they are genuine and candid in their interactions, and not hard to read at all.&gt;  I sometimes do things the way they've been done before, yes, but so does nearly everyone.

Yeah because that's not Si. Si would be using the way you (not others) have done it (or seen it done) before as a reference for your judgments.IxTP in a depressive episodePrevalence, degree and type of abstraction when perceiving.And how is that related to ISFPs or Fi-doms in particular?You're just giving surface level explanations while dodging the actual question, even though you most definitely understand it.

But to piece your implications together: Fi-doms, especially ISFPs, tend to hide undesirable feelings, therefore they are the most likely type to harbor jealousy of you, stay silent, and exclude you from their personal life [while you still continue to include them].Fair enough. They can also incorporate the experiences of others and integrate it into their recollections.Okay, let's just leave it at that then. You're not the one who claimed Fi is most manipulative anyway....you are the Institute of Paper Science and Technology.You forgot to list the detached observer with a new or fake account that creates meta threads about the sub. It's more common that you think.Kindest - IxFP, ISFJ

Sensitive - IxFP internally, ExFJ externally

Firm - ExTJ

Idealistic - INxJ

Hot Tempered - ESxP

Creative - types with high Pe (= all Ps)What outcry have you uttered about my person, you oafish brute? I shall cordially remind you that I was the best scholar in my law class in Oxford, and I have been involved in several frivolous tea parties and courtroom disputes, and I have over 300 boxes of Earl Gray. I am proficient in the Simian school of diplomacy and I am the top linguist in my book club. Know that you resemble nothing in my eyes save for yet another uncultured mind. I will hasten your undisputed expiration from the world with grace and finesse. The thought that you can retreat after jesting of such matters over the internet is laughable. As of this moment, I am telephoning a mutual friend to negotiate a swift and sure rebuttal to your argument so I would implore you to prepare yourself for the upcoming verbal deluge. The deluge that will no doubt saturate your life with discomfort. You are well and truly wrong, my good sir. My abilities of travel are unmatched, and I can recite over 700 lines from Shakespeare, and that is just from Hamlet. The amount of knowledge that I have accrued is vast, and I shall use it to firmly state my authority on such matters, you rapscallion. Truly, I wish you had some semblance of knowledge on the matter you have brought up and its repercussions. Alas, you did not, and now you will suffer a fate most dire, you plebeian. I shall defecate concentrated dislike upon you and you shall struggle to survive in its waters. Pistols at dawn, old boy.Wherever the stream takes me. Unpredictable, and it's not active thinking, but it's not about the day, and I don't make dog lists.Where did the tertiary loop theory originate from anyway? Seems like an urban legend.Yes, it would bother them.Don't know what it would be called in Clapistan, but I'm what we call liberal here (limited government, free market, open society).High glasses user right there.You'll inquire about insignificant details anyway, so might as well get it over with.99% I, 92% N, 98% T,  84% J

Also 64% female and 70% happy, both wrong.
The name alone sounds like something a female NF would use tbh. More likely INFx than ENFx, though this based on temperament and not functions.That's not how gender works in languages. There is no female version or article for bird in French, even though some animals have a male and female version.YesHe's a Ni-dom, probably INFJ. He doesn't use Ne, watch his lectures.The first half started reasonably well (though still not to be taken seriously), but then you went full retard.&gt;I'm 20 years old at the moment, so if I were an infj my Fe would be developed to the point where I would be comfortably sociable right? 

No. You could be a 60 year old INFJ and not sociable. Preferring a function doesn't automatically make you good at using it, and there could be many explanations for you being closed off.

You didn't say much about your motivations or possible reasons why you could be the way you are. 

For what it's worth, you don't seem much like an INTJ. I wouldn't even restrict it to Ni-dom, you should look into most introverted types.They're complemented by the knowers of nothing and doers of everything types.The part that I don't like is that it figuratively tries to map the shape of someone's feces to their type and vice versa. It does have some interesting and legit parts though.

In general, I also dislike how it's casually mixed with MBTI on this sub (less so recently?), without posters clarifying - especially to people new to typology - that they're using, or mixing, different theories.They're two distinct things, but more importantly, it's confusing for said people new to typology if they're slammed with theories that contain divergent parts.I didn't say they are in no way convergent, but that they contain divergent parts.Joke, although I wouldn't be surprised if some Socionic aficionado tried to infer your type from it, if you posted your poop (and yes, this is a joke too).Is that last paragraph satire?Same answer again.Agreed. And as far as the 3rd world is concerned also about the people who have and heavily use their internet access. Some Middle Eastern countries seem to have unusually high NT ratios, likely because they're the most likely types to both make heavy use of the internet, and be interested in these kinds of topic. 
Turn back the clock 20 years in the West, and you might get similar results/ratios.Don't need questions, ENFP or ENTP based on your username and the way you wrote this post.Your statement is meaningless unless your point is that it's easy to make FPs trust you. If you already have someone's trust, it's pretty much by definition easy to manipulate them.It was just a feeling based on a few small things. Username sounds like something a Ne-dom would pick. The topic itself, i.e. asking people to ask them questions in order to be typed, is less likely to be created by anyone with high Je, etc. Adding the PSA with a "oh, by the way" style also reminded me of ExxP.

So in essence I based it on almost nothing, and I can't prove any of my statements, although I do think that they contain some truth.I don't see Ne-doms having a bigger attention span than Ni-doms at all. High Ne is also far more likely to fall down a rabbit hole.Fair enough, but Ni usually goes there by itself and on its own timetable, without needing external triggers, even benefiting from having had time to let things sink in, whereas Ne users are prone to both going there and exploring it actively.I tend to get along with ISFJs far better than with Fe doms (ESFJ and even ENFJ), who I tend to see as meddling and often obnoxious (exception: ENFJ males).That's not what I said. I certainly don't hate them as a group. There might've been people I "hated" that happened to be ISFJ.I would've been more specific if I remembered more interactions with people I was certain were ISFJs. The only probable ISFJ (tested INFJ, but seems like an Si user) I currently know, is the girlfriend of a good friend, and we get along surprisingly well. I can try to answer questions with regards to that, if you have any.Just because you can't or don't see something it doesn't mean it doesn't exist.

IxxJs aren't more "judgey". What you probably mean is that they seem more judgemental, and that's only because IxxJs extrovert judgements (adaptation and application of external standards), i.e. it's more openly and easily visible.

ExxJs and IxxPs are the most immediately judgemental in the MBTI sense.

Ah, you mean high Je seeks closure. True.ellamayoIs that the only reason you typed one parent as ENFJ and the other as ESFJ? Emotional intelligence [doesn't even exist](https://www.quora.com/What-is-more-beneficial-in-all-aspects-of-life-a-high-EQ-or-IQ-This-question-is-based-on-the-assumption-that-only-your-EQ-or-IQ-is-high-with-the-other-being-average-or-below-this-average/answer/Jordan-B-Peterson). Okay, and what about the question?Thinking and feeling are two sides of the same coin (judging process), while you will always naturally gravitate to one over the other, you can (and should) try to balance it with the other part of the pair. In other words, you can be a feeler and employ "logical and strategic thinking" consciously. If you know any healthy/balanced TJs, maybe you can try to observe and learn from them.

Succumbing to emotions to the point where they completely control you is a different issue, but something that can happen to all people (including thinkers, even those who like to pretend they aren't even motivated by emotions).There's plenty of medication (both SSRIs as well as non-SSRIs) that do not typically have those side effects.

&gt;Stop or curb masturbation or any other dopamine-abusing activity you indulge in. Work out. Get some sunlight. 

Reasonable advice, but you can make lifestyle changes, take medication, and do therapy all at the same time. They are different tools, use them all to your advantage.Wellbutrin is one of them, Fluoxetin is another one. Generally even if you take a different one, it's just one possible side effect, you shouldn't be afraid of changing meds if you can't handle it well.I was referring to weight loss. Temporary sexual dysfunction can still be a problem with Fluoxetin (many studies suggest 30-70% depending on agenda), but those side effects beat suffering from major depression and being mentally crippled.I oscillate between not caring about my physical environment that much, and being absolutely obsessed or struggling with [managing] it. The latter usually happens when a certain threshold of chaos is reached. My attitude towards the environment seems discrete rather than continuous.

Once something starts either getting too chaotic, or feels too overwhelming, I frequently find myself annoyed, even angry, wanting to smash everything into pieces and just throw it out of the window in order to restore order and peace of mind. The notion of doing it any other way (tidying up, cleaning, putting everything into place) seems overwhelming, slow, and pointless, countless little tasks that don't accomplish shit.

For that reason, I actively try to keep a relatively orderly physical environment, and to only have things that serve a purpose/have utility (a painting hanging on the wall can also be considered as having utility, though). I occasionally go through my stuff and throw away what is of no value to me anymore. I don't try to sell it, I just want it gone im-fucking-mediately.

Also easily overwhelmed by noisy or bright environments, heat etc. I frequently use earplugs (feels like absolute heaven, especially when you can figuratively shut your neighbors up that way), I got aircon (I'm in Europe, some madmen claim it's not that hot, even though in summer it feels like Satan himself farted all over the place), I avoid direct/too much sunlight in my apartment so I can properly focus, etc.

As for non-physical aspects, if I have a hard time figuring out how to accomplish the outcome I desire with sufficient fidelity (= 90% match or higher with what I have in mind), I tend to procrastinate or not make a move at all. This is one thing I've been working on the most in the past year or so, with decent success (especially after working closely with an ENTJ friend; I'd also like to observe an ESFP closely and take notes, without being forced to perform in the same way immediately).Likely ISTP. Points I found indicative of high Ti or inferior Fe (the rest of them mostly being neutral):

&gt;[...]but most of the time if I'm unsure which one is logically better[...]

&gt;When comforting someone I'd prefer to provide a solution to their problem. If there is no good solution then I'll try to make them laugh

&gt;I'm often seen as distant and emotionless, until I'm set off, then I've been described many times as a loud angry ball of hate.

&gt;When I'm extremely mad I'll be silent and refuse to make any social contact unless necessary and most likely be plotting someones murder, or fantasizing myself beating them up :/

&gt;Sad scenes in movies/shows rarely elicit emotion from meBeing able to identify people's emotions and disliking excessive emotional display is not the same and is not mutually exclusive (i.e. both can be true at the same time). I'd even argue that this is not unlikely for types with high thinking.
You said that the moment they mentioned they are confident in identifying other people's emotions, that would pretty much automatically imply ISFP. 

ISTPs (and other thinkers) are able to identify people's emotions accurately, but dealing with them (in the broadest sense) is something that comes less naturally and is less valued. I think that's an important distinction to make, as well as the aspect that it's possible to identify emotions on a surface level in many ways.Yeah, then we have to agree to disagree.

Two of my best friends are ISTP and ENTJ, they've always been good at reading the emotional atmosphere, though when they were younger, they opted to not attribute much or any relevance to it (nowadays they do in their own way). I've had a bunch of ISTP (on a sidenote, also ISFP) friends in my life, and if they liked someone, they would care far more that they'd like or let on, although you have to look closely to see the way they express it (certainly not by being verbally affirmative or emotionally expressive).

edit: Wanted to add that I do agree with the part about identifying one's own emotions (with the caveat that one important but often neglected factor of that is that you typically do not experience yourself physically like you do other people, i.e. you don't see your own posture, body language, facial expressions, don't talk to yourself and pay attention to your own voice etc.)&gt; Though for me it's not only when a certain chaos threshold is reached, but also the more stressed out I am, the lower the chaos threshold becomes.

Good point. Either the threshold becomes lower through stress, or the cause of stress is "external demands", which having to clean up also falls under. A disorderly place is pretty much screaming to get cleaned up at that point.

&gt;I also have Bose headphones, which are truly great.Earplugs work but I also don't like having my ears stopped on for long periods of time.

I use "Mack's Pillow Soft Earplugs", they don't go inside the ear canal, you roll them into a ball and seal your ear in a less intrusive way. Not as much noise reduction, but your ears don't feel violated either. I'm glad I got used to them; when I was in France for business, the hotel was super noisy, yet I slept like a champ. I even successfully went back to sleep after an accidental fire alarm went off and didn't stop for a while (get your shit together, Parisians).

I also forgot to mention that I installed a fly-screen on my balcony, so insects and bugs don't get inside. Saves quite a bit of time and hassle, because once one of them is in, I feel pressure to get it out in a non-violent/lethal way (exception: mosquitoes).

If I had to tl;dr everything, I'd say I'm concerned with making sure I don't experience an uncomfortable environment rather than creating one I can truly enjoy. Though, again, total silence, walks in nature, and other such experiences can feel like bliss.Overall vibe high Se &amp; Fi when reading, i.e. ESFP, but hard to infer much about your cognition from that text.The closest are ISTP (childhood friend), INTJ (high school friend), ENTJ (uni friend).&gt;First they play a guessing game with me. "Aireux would you like to guess why I'm mad at you?"

Doesn't sound like typical TJ at all. Te is usually all about being direct without playing shitty games or taking detours, they should tell you why you fucked up without beating around the bush.

&gt;they then go into this angry rant mode, that makes it really hard to tell if they're actually mad at me, or just ranting in general.

Sounds more like maladaptive inferior Te. How old are your friends if you don't mind my asking?Neither, you sound like a Fi dom.Depends on the policy.

The policy you mentioned sounds like something FPs would come up with, and then if you're an "offender", the FJ enforcers will show up in their van and fuck your shit up.FJs are more likely to adopt, implement and actually apply/enforce systems, that's what I meant. Of course you can make the same distinction for TP vs TJ.&gt;Simply the feeling of being in “Te mode” (it feels like I give no fucks about anything)

Not Te. Te would quantify the amount of fucks that are givable, the effective allotment thereof, adequate methods of giving them etc. to reach a certain end. This should be counter-checked with Fi (being able to personally stand behind and for the decisions made).

&gt;Ability to rationalize anything that is giving me fear/anxiety/stress, etc......

*ra·tion·al·ize: attempt to explain or justify (one's own or another's behavior or attitude) with logical, plausible reasons, even if these are not true or appropriate.*

Also not how you should use Te.To be fair, he didn't talk about a romantic relationship per se, but described the process of playing that shitty human game without much prospect of anything coming of it long-term specifically, a process that is utterly unenjoyable, stressful and a waste of time, a charade. It's astounding to me when people don't opt-out of this.Seemingly the only other type for which their word actually means something, and is not just hot air.What's your thought process for Switzerland?   
It's basically stuck between caricatures of "was proven to be good 500 years ago, therefore it must be adequate for 2017" STJ and "I'm gonna save the entire underprivileged world with my positive thoughts [but without actions] and with your resources" NFP mindset.0 fucks given&gt;If you were "thinking randomly" about this idea, why weren't you able to think of a single name?

They might be a fellow IxxJ. You know how it is, there's a gap of at least 3 days between coming up with a general idea and actually filling it with something.Sounds accurate, and one of the main reasons I work with an ENTJ. We actually move at a decent pace.https://i.imgur.com/hjsrUo6.pngIt's only anecdotal evidence, but I've noticed the same. However, the ENTJs tend to be slightly more authoritarian on average and socially slightly more conservative, though usually not by much.

Also, [skimming over the thread] the terminology seems a bit convoluted in general. We don't really have "libertarians" here. Being both pro free-market and pro individual liberties is simply called "liberal" here. People that are economically on the left (pro interventions and big on wealth redistribution) are generally not called or considered liberal as they are in the US.Whatever type is the most common on /r9k/**Carefree:** ENxP

**Security:** ISxJ

**Spontaneous:** ESxP

**Giving:** IxFP

**Status:** ExxJ

**Planning:** INxJ

PS: Ti-doms are wildcards.

PPS: Security &amp; Planning might also be associated with IxFJ vs. IxTJ, or just with the individual within the IxxJ temperament.&gt;”taking anything too far to the point where it is laughable/cringy?” overly exaggerated to the point where it’s laughable and ridiculous

That's just substituting a vague and subjective term with other vague and subjective terms (laughable, cringy, ridiculous).

One important factor for me personally to determine whether someone is trying to be edgy or not is intent.   
Are they simply trying to make a certain impression on the audience by spouting words, or are they trying to formulate and convey a point/view/opinion that happens to be unconventional and/or unpopular?

I don't consider the latter to be edgy at all, but I often see it labeled as such by people who don't like an opinion, are arbitrarily offended by it, etc.What about 2D?Have you considered ESTJ? Why (not)?

Sounds like there's some Ne, but not dominant.Yes it makes sense. Just remember that Si recalls subjectively relevant information that were stored at one point as a guide for the future/for making judgements.   
It doesn't necessarily equal being conservative (especially in relation to society), but it does make it more likely to stick to what has proven to work/be "good" once that's been established.No, novelty for the sake of itself is stereotypically associated with Ne and what Si avoids (as it prefers familiarity). ESxJs have tertiary Ne, so it's possible that certain individuals are more experimental than others. My mother (ESFJ) likes trying out a variety of foods and drinks, for instance.

If that much speaks against Si, it's obviously unlikely you're a high Si user.There's [no significant correlation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers%E2%80%93Briggs_Type_Indicator#Big_Five).

Also, from Big5:

&gt;*Females tend to be higher in neuroticism than males. The typical woman is higher in neuroticism than 60% of the general population of men and women combined. In part, this may be why women report more unhappiness in their relationships, at work, in school and with their health than men, on average, and why women initiate 70% of all divorces. This difference in neuroticism between men and women appears to emerge at puberty. It is largest in countries such as Norway and Sweden, where the most has been done to ensure equality of outcome between the sexes. This provides strong evidence that biological factors rather than environment and learning account for the dissimilarity.*Having it doesn't mean you're good at it.

[Git gud](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/theory#tertefe).Initially thought ENFJ. 

It seems like you have a strong tendency to synthesize/grasp the substrate or essence of what you perceive (Ni). But I also got the impression that this aspect is like a serf, always subservient to some kind of effect you want to realize in objective reality, some calculation, i.e. the goal seems to come first, the questions and vision come after.

You mentioned you're clearly introverted though, both socially and based on tests, so maybe INFJ after all. Maybe enneagram – or people versed with it – could explain this "mismatch".

Also, are you from NZ?I personally don't see you as preferring Ne. Much of what you wrote and said is about looking past appearances, interpreting meaning, extrapolating developments, and subjective and internal (as opposed to outside) essence-seeking. I was more certain about the NJ than the judging function. 

I can't answer the question if you're chameleon'ing, if you don't think you use Fe, and there is no evidence, then you probably do not use Fe (unless you lack an understanding of the theory or yourself).

You might want to read the following resources about functions and report back (optional):

[Ni](http://weirdfella.tumblr.com/post/136466741838/building-blocks-of-personality-type-introverted) [Ne](http://weirdfella.tumblr.com/post/135981111463/building-blocks-of-personality-type-extraverted) [Fe](http://weirdfella.tumblr.com/post/138858433749/building-blocks-of-personality-type-extraverted) [Te](http://weirdfella.tumblr.com/post/137481351596/building-blocks-of-personality-type-extraverted)You're welcome. It's far more likely that you're an NTJ then.

You could additionally contrast the Te entry on that site with the Ti entry to see if ENTP (Ne-Ti-Fe-Si) is a possibility, like the other guy suggested.Watch/listen to Jordan Peterson's lectures on personality and meaning, plus his interviews on how to sort yourself and your life out. It's useful regardless of type, and even if you don't agree with everything he says. Back when I was  in elementary school we were on a school trip, and it was time when things like farts (and other sounds the body can produce) were considered funny by most of us, being only an immature 11 or 12 years old.  
Anyway, one night, our class was gathered in the dining room of the house we were staying in, and our homeroom teacher (probably xxTJ), who accompanied us on our trip, brought up the subject of farts, and how they are a normal bodily function and thus should not trigger any laughing response from our side like it had done in the past etc.

This was the tipping point for my then-best friend (ISTJ). Knowing that he had the teacher's blessing, he let it rip. It wasn't an especially loud fart, and there was no ambush on our olfactory systems or anything, it was simply an audible, medium-high frequency fart, but combined with the serious and stoic "It's normal, I'm giving 0 fucks right now, deal with it." face of the ISTJ after the deed, the class was pretty much rolling on the floor laughing — some of us quite literally.

The teacher wasn't amused, his face resembling the one of the angry father in that 4-panel comic where his son (probably INTP) tries to explain the superiority of Japan and Anime to his dad.  
Needless to say, any attempt on the teacher's side to calm us down and silence us was futile, the ISTJ's legendary action and a mob of 11/12 year olds being too mighty to handle for any kind of authority.
High neuroticism, unrelated to MBTI.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits#NeuroticismEh, I can enjoy both. The hardcore ones are fun, because the people on the ride who flip their shit and get overly excited are amusing.ISFP, much of what you wrote is indicative of either dominant Fi or inferior Te (stressors and stress behavior mainly).

As for ISFP vs. INFP, you seem like an explorer rather than a seeker or dreamer, therefore ISFP.Neither do I. ISTJs are usually conscientious, orderly, good at compartmentalizing, and process or systems-oriented (due to Si/Te). You seem to have other qualities."Nicest": ExFJ

Nicest: IxFx

Not mean: xxTJWasn't even being ironic, though I'm aware that it's highly subjective.

In rl interactions they're refreshingly honest, upfront, don't put up an act and don't expect you to, unlikely to have beef for personal reasons or dislike you because of who you are as an individual or what group you belong to, will tell you reasons for their judgements (including fuck ups), reasons don't include subjective "inappropriateness" etc.https://i.imgur.com/mw8dDm6.png&gt;Each axis adds up to 99

fffffffffffffffffffYou linked the user, not the sub, fyi.It's not. But what you're naturally drawn to (fields of interests etc.) might be related to them.dunkey clear INTP, I wonder what type his gf is though. They were both on the [h3 podcast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph5FR-RFhbg)Hila ISFP, Ethan ENTP

Many seem to think Hila is a thinker because she's silent and rather unemotive, but that's exactly how many ISFPs are. They do not readily share their thoughts and emotions in public, and they can come off as contained and shy. She does have her own strong values and opinions though (as seen in the podcast last week), and she does express herself through her art that strikes me as quite Fi/Se. She also seems to have a "babby tier", and blurry Ni vision of what meaningful goals in her life are and how she would like her life to unfold, but ultimately seems more like a "we'll see what happens and go from there" kind of person.

As for Ethan, he has visible Fe, but it seems subservient to his subjective logic (what makes sense and adds up for him comes first), so I fail to see him as a Fe dom.Ni-doms are far more likely than other types to examine how perceptions are formed and how they affect people or systems in the first place. Just because information is out there, it doesn't mean it's of interest for or used by everyone equally.http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/129792-lenore-thomsons-introverted-intuition.html

http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Jung/types.htm

https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0692235116/

&gt;In that case you will understand that I will not take your biased word for it.

Yes, you're free to disagree/not believe me, it doesn't matter to me.
Peterson INFJ (on a related note, on Big5 he's very high in openness, high in conscientiousness, moderate extroversion [he mentioned his score was likely higher than his actual temperament due to his profession in one of his Q&amp;As])

Rubin ENFJ

Milo ENTP (even though he would like to be an ENFP)

Shapiro Te-dom, haven't seen too much of him&gt; I'm a more formal in my speach than most

Et tu, chakke?Oh, I didn't mean to nitpick, it was about the formality itself.This has been asked a few times iirc. 

People who are more or less happy with themselves tend to want to remain, those who rationalize their issues with MBTI would brexit the fuck out of their type.Advancements in Neuroscience will shed more light on the theories. Existing work in the field like Nardi has done is interesting, but far too unreliable, even unscientific, still.Not exactly, but clearly introvert, likely values Fi (IxFP or IxTJ).True, but for an extrovert it would be more probable to be more expressive (or emotive, even if superficially so), and to present themselves at least as a part of each respective scene. That's the case in almost none of the photos presented, unless it's with someone else.

Yes, that additional info she provided afterwards makes IxTJ more likely than IxFP.ISFP, you prefer to look at things objectively like high Se does at the expense of Ni.

"It is exactly what it appears to be, what else would there be to it?" seems to be your preferred mode of perception, the very thing high Ni users struggle to do, and the complete and utter opposite of how they naturally work. Hell, I'm almost triggered by your "simplistic" approach to be honest, though I genuinely don't mean to offend you — plus your MO has its own share of merits.Your words changed, but what you're actually saying remains the same.[own type]: [insert characters i like]

[other types]: [insert remaining characters]He's still right, what you wrote indicates high Ti. Talkative or not.There's only so much you can do with 3-4 lines of text.The main reason is that intuitives are both more likely to be drawn to theories such as typology or fields like psychology and feel the need to discuss them in niche-communities such as this one.

Some sensors are also mistyped as intuitives, though this particular kind of mistype and claim seems blown out of proportion by people who either want to shit on intuitives, or want to say something that makes them more popular with the crowd (similar to how you can openly shit on white men nowadays).

I don't think that there are reliable numbers or percentages with truly random samples. The numbers from studies you find still have very specific contexts (such as office employees in a certain sector iirc).Maybe 20-30 years ago. With its ubiquity and considering its all-pervasive application nowadays, it's suited for everyone.

Also, the thread you are referring to was talking about specific platforms/communities being more interesting to INxxs, and introverts being more likely to spend more time alone in front of their device, which seems sort of self-evident to me.

I'd also argue that a lot of the above also applies to ISTs, as they, like most other thinkers, will be naturally drawn to systems and things rather than relationships and people.&gt;doing anything is a chore. even stuff I enjoy doing, getting started sucks.

I know many an ISFP who would agree to all of that.For what it's worth, your focus on impersonal metrics and standards sounds far more like high Te/Fi than high Fe/Ti.Needs moar jpegTo be quite frank, one does need to have a rather significant amount of intellect to comprehend Richard &amp; Mortimer. Why, just yesterday I attempted to show my cousin (who has just entered his seventh year) the episode where the titular character, Rick, turns himself into a pickled cucumber. He laughed at the mere thought of a man become fermented vegetable, but I sat there watching, lamenting the deeper message: the death of intellectual pursuit, the desensitization to societal filth, muck, and mire, and the shameless abandonment of psychological understanding.

At the end my cousin turned to me and proclaimed, "I am the scientist that was once named Rick, but I have now become a pickled cucumber. Look at me, I am pickled Rick!", and I could not help but smile, not that the line he had just recited was humorous, but at the realization that this, in front of my very eyes, was the sum of what the episode had just warned against.

I cannot blame my cousin just as much as a man cannot blame a dog for consuming its own bile. It merely does not know any better, and what could be said about a man who judges things he does not have merit to judge?IxFP, because their anger is often expressed by crying.Obviously not all or even most of you do. But I found it to be more likely than it is with other types, who will often lash out in some way.Do it yourself, hun.My money is on low Ni, low Te, used in the worst way. Basically shifts perspectives based on selective observations and interprets everything in a way that they feel good about.That's a pretty impressive summary of the perceiving functions for someone who has only been looking into the subject for a month.There's a reason he identifies with so many FPs.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-hIVnmUdXM

Made me think Te-dom clearly.Non-family, closest friends

ISFP [f]

INTJ [m]

ISTP [m]

ENTJ [m]You sound like /u/EmitPavDab, /u/Aragorn-n, and /u/BarneyStinston-PP, all of which are desperately trying to assert the same thing. 

What a remarkable coincidence.*bytes

(the meese are on a blockchain)Between those two easily Te-Fi.

If I were to differentiate more, I'd also be fine with anything that isn't Fe-dom — I usually get along just fine with IxTPs and even IxFJs.
They're less artificial, more direct and frank, more authentic, there's fewer charades (unless there are shitty and unhealthy Te "power games"), no tiptoeing and walking on eggshells, no "Hey, let me force my 'help' on you to show you what a good person I am", less or no fake altruism, there's less bullshit in general (loaded, I know).

Obviously these are the more negative traits I perceived, and I consider it to be true on average, but not for every individual.  

And as already mentioned, the lower Fe, the less issues in interactions, and the less artificial and suffocating the atmosphere feels. As for IxxJs, I think I have an easier time getting along with them due to the shared IJ temperament and traits (they seem able to just listen and absorb first, and then respond, bringing their own assets to the table, plus they aren't overbearing).I agree with your restaurant example, but for different reasons: It's more about doing your job properly and professionally, not punishing random people who have nothing to do with your misery, and not acting like a bitch.  
Now if a waiter wasn't polite and apologized afterwards (or even preemptively), I wouldn't hold his professionally poor performance against him.

I don't think it's the best example though, with it being set in a very particular environment (work) portraying a very specific relationship (not personal).

You could also look at authenticity as finding people with whom both parties can be their actual self, and still appreciate and respect each other, without putting on a facade. I suspect that this is how Fe-Ti people would approach the matter in their personal life as well, similar to how Te-Fi people usually aren't "authentically mean" to others in more professional and impersonal environments.Pick one you like from [Schopenhauer](https://www.goodreads.com/author/quotes/11682.Arthur_Schopenhauer) (INFJ). Chances are I like it too.Obviously not, considering he hasn't even after creating approximately 10 accounts now.I see you upgraded from ENTP to INTJ.As many as necessary, as few as possible.&gt;Disclaimer: I know nothing about mbti but this just feels correct

A surprising statement, coming from a Ti-dom.INTJ 65.79% Match  
ISTJ 56.41% Match  
INFJ 53.85% Match  
INTP 51.28% Match  
ENTJ 48.72% MatchMight as well replace "narcissist" with any random popular label that's casually thrown around and assigned without understanding its meaning, yet used as an "argument".TJ**Best:** INTJ, ISTP, ENTJ

**Casual:** INTJ, ISTJ, ISTJ, ENTP

**Close (f):** ISFPhttps://i.imgur.com/EB0A3UA.pngGood: NTJs, ENTP, ISTP, IxFPs that aren't overemotional or delusional, some ISTJs, some IxFJs

Hit or miss, and with enough downtime: ExFP

Challenging (usually not the enjoyable or fun kind of challenge): ExFJsIf by ISFJ you mean INFP, then yes.&gt; embracing the awkward has made it less awkward as a result, charisma has gone from like a 2 to like a 5 or 6 depending on audience.

Thought you'd roll at least 3d6 for charisma.Peterson's INFJINFP or ISFP&gt; Then finally entering the workforce sucks for everyone

I don't agree at all. While you're most likely always going to dislike certain minor aspects of your work, you have the luxury of making a choice when you pick your career and job in a first world country. The same goes for uni.

If you find it sucks, you likely made the wrong choice.ISTPThat's going to depend on maturity and wisdom, more so than type.

But if you made the following changes to the first two points:

&gt;The type that thinks they know what they want, what they need, and what needs to happen to get it  
&gt;The type that thinks they know the source of their problems, possible solutions

Stereotypically ExxJs.Might not get along: IxxPs and ExxJs

Individuals of the former group usually have their own individual set of views, values, rules, and principles they abide by, which can make them clash with people of their own type that have a distinct set.

Individuals of the latter group like to feel and act like the resident top dog, which there can only be one of.You looked old as fuck at 14.&gt;Many people lost balance. So did their function stacks.

Not really, more like that's the default, and hardly anyone lives up to their potential.Took the one on Peterson's site, and gonna post that result in order to save time. Apologies for disregarding your request.

***

Extroversion 18%

Conscientiousness 91%

Neuroticism 36% [&gt; Emotional Stability 64%?]

Agreeableness 2%

Openness to Experience 96%Oy veyEh, it's quite decent. The result description/analysis is better than it's at other places, but it's nothing revolutionary per se. I can PM you the full result page if you want to make a picture of it yourself.ISTJPaglia is a Te-dom of some sort.I don't know her personally, but ExxJs couldn't shut the fuck up even if they wanted to (which they don't, usually).

edit: They even had a talk together, for me it was a good demonstration of the contrast between low energy Ni-dom and high energy Te-dom. But I don't know her too well, to be transparent.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-hIVnmUdXMISxPs aren't like that, their shooting and asking usually goes hand in hand and is simultaneous, or at least not spaced apart too far.

It's spaced apart the most for ExxPs and IxxJs, the former group exhibiting the behavior you described, the latter temperament having the order reversed.Same shit with some extra political shit on top.FJsISTPIxTPTell her the truth.intj - 61.3%  
istj - 26.2%  
intp - 8.7%  
istp - 3.7%  
entp - 0%&gt;this typing method

It's identical to the stuff you've already seen, masquerading as something else by swapping a bunch of letters and adding custom terminology.

For instance, what people usually refer to as "Je" (extroverted judging function) he calls "De" (extroverted deciding function or some shit), and "Pi" (introverted perceiving function) becomes "Oi" (introverted organizing, as introverted perceiving functions organize info).

Now add everything to a spreadsheet and you have """objective""" typing.Are you sure?

Ambition doesn't necessitate valuing the same things as others or society, just that you're determined and have resolve in pursuing whatever you're passionate about.

Many ISTPs I've met were like that, while typically not caring much about success and achievement in the conventional sense.Maybe you should learn to properly articulate yourself before trying to strike up such a conversation.IxFPSelf 4.29  
Logic/Math 3.71  
Nature 3.71  
Linguistic 3.43  
Musical 3.43  
Spacial 2.86  
Kinesthetic 2.42  
Social 2Can’t tell if you’re being seriousLet me guess, you're IxFP. Your overall selection is strikingly IxFP.ISTP &amp; INTJ seem to tolerate it the least.

As for ExTJs, they often aim to climb hierarchies and establish control, hence they're inherently more accepting of the concept.Found the INFP&gt; Neelix 

His best scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWlv_02fRyY&gt;INFPs in charge of applying proper paddingINTJ/INTJISFP, just more cerebral and less neurotic than the average one&gt; like no offense, as I said you can be VERY smart I think, and very good with you know managing your life. I got INTJ as ideal type in that ideal type thing BTW (though really I just want an INTJ part to support my ISFP main part), so really no offense that I don't find you very attractive.

You don't need to do this much damage control. It's ok if you don't find a type attractive or don't like them.&gt;I am curious why MBTI tends to put ESTJs in a negative light. Starting with descriptions such as authoritarian, close-minded, dictatorial, unsympathetic, that boss/manager you don't like, and so forth.

Sources? I sure hope you aren't basing this on some shitty forum or tumblr posts.None of those quotes give you the impression that ESTJs are evil, just disagreeable (which is true for most Ts). You'll also find weaknesses outlined for all types, really. From your own sources about INTJs

&gt;Unless their Feeling side is developed, they may have problems giving other people the level of intimacy that is needed. Unless their Sensing side is developed, they may have a tendency to ignore details which are necessary for implementing their ideas. 

&gt;Clueless in romance – This antipathy to rules and tendency to over-analyze and be judgmental, even arrogant, all adds up to a personality type that is often clueless in dating. By their auraA village only needs this many shamans and oracles.INFPs must be the most inert and most procrastinating type then, because all ISFPs I've had the pleasure to get to know were inert and stationary to an almost infuriatingly high degree.&gt; (I certainly mean no disrespect, and it’s not my intention to offend anyone.)

Is this satire?ISTPTrue. You try to express Ni-anything verbally, you're usually confronted with bewilderment or skepticism, unless you normalize the content to such a degree that it loses its meaning, i.e. it becomes utterly pointless to communicate anyway.Those who are worst at impulse control and delaying gratification.ISTJ or ISTP

Definitely not INFJ like the other person said.Between the options you provided, ESTJ.Thank you cj_03, very cool!flair up~~inconclusive~~ divergent


~~conclusive~~ convergentISFP

You said your emotions aren't very strong, but that might be because you're low on neuroticism (Big5). I know an ISFP (male) just like that.&gt; I wish everyone had Fe, because the world would be a less judgmental place.

Good one.11	Genuinely Repent

4	Accept Responsibility

4	Make Restitution

1	Expressing Regret

0	Request ForgivenessInto the trash it goes.They are right, it's more a women's issue than an INTJ issue. Most men don't get unsolicited physical contact and don't get wooed with "aggressive kisses".

I don't think INTJ males have more problems than other types to avoid or get out of situations they dislike. Telling people to fuck off usually works.In before a horde of triggered socionics apologists.Immerse yourself in the topic and triangulate your location on the map.Upvote for Char.He doesn't even understand the difference objectivity and consistency.  
He claims to apply the former to typing, but all he does is use his homebrew method to get typings that are consistent within his own system.

He'd be the Github user who forks a project, redefines some terminology, adds some shit, and sells it as proprietary software to unsuspecting victims.Observe healthy ExTJs, try to understand the essence of how they operate (how they do things, why they do them), and cultivate those aspects in yourself in a way that's congruent with your personality.

This obviously works best if you have such a person in your life. E/I counterparts can usually learn and benefit quite a lot from each other.&gt;super loud with they’re friends/outgoing and laughs a lot, but also hates expressing emotions and their deep feelings/problems to even their best friends

Sounds like ExTJ, i.e. Te.

Don't know why people say Fi is super outgoing and loud, that sounds uncharacteristic for any of the IxxPs, who tend to be quite contained. While INxPs can ramble and get excited if something piques their interest, they most definitely don't get "super, super loud".QuestionerISTPs are among the lowest drama types and highly unlikely to act in a histrionic fashion.You misunderstand, they're an ENxP.That's very misleading, and I'd argue more related to the EJ/EP/IJ/IP temperaments. EJs  and IPs naturally filter information more immediately and readily, while EPs and IJs are far more permeable in that regard, dealing with or ruminating information later.You made sense.

Not immediately obvious, though, is the slow process during which IJs come develop their views in the first place. To you, it might seem as if IJs are making their mind up on the spot, but that's only the case if they already "have a formula" they can feed the new variables (via  new situations, people, etc.) to. The development of these formulas can take up an immense amount of time, however, and during said process, IJs are very open to information, much more than they're given credit for.

I think that this is especially true of INxJs, I'm less certain about ISxJs, but it seems to me that the main difference is simply that 1) they have a focus on different information and 2) they parse information with which formulas are derived using a different lens.[INTJ 1w9 / 451](https://i.imgur.com/CHXGn0u.png)

Usually get type 5w6 or balanced wings.Why not write about the vampire you want to write about, rather than going with the most common MBTI type for vampires?

You could conjure up some of that vampire's motivations, behavioral patterns, mannerisms, and values in the context of the story you want to tell, then derive their type from it. Then keep them consistent with said type while adding enough layers of depth to the personality.

This isn't going to be a fanfic, is it?Honestly, I can't really offer any good advice as I'm neither well-informed about vampires nor amnesia, but I'd try to keep it consistent and consider the implications. 

If he forgot about his being a vampire, does that mean he became one along the way (does vampire lore allow for naturally born vampire babies)? Was he brought up by vampires or humans? How was he socialized? How far back does the amnesia go?

Some general research about amnesia might be in order.So your tritype doesn't necessarily consist of exactly one type from each center? I only have a superficial understanding of that theory, but I was under the impression that 1 and 8 belonged to the same center.Needs more jpegYou phrased things in such a way that they would indicate INTJ. But you give off the vibe of an IxFx who really wants to be seen as logical and/or rational and who thinks you can only be that if you're a thinker. Your description almost seems carefully constructed.

That's not to say that it's impossible you're a thinker, but the above is genuinely the impression I got.&gt;They don't share a single function.

That doesn't mean they don't share anything at all. 

You can group temperaments in various ways and the different groupings each reveal different patterns, and a part of the whole picture. For instance, you can contrast IJ/IP/EJ/EP, and then IS/IN/ES/EN etc., notice internal and external similarities and dissimilarities, and gain insights on what constitutes a "complete" type and how it does and doesn't differ from others.Ah, I see you're a man of culture as well.heterosexual

[test](http://bdsmtest.org/r/7YYLa9a3)Just allow any custom four-character string.&gt; Support for understanding anything quickly is not a hallmark of Ni. 

Depends. If it has already derived a formula into which it can insert at least some variables that are presented when faced with something new, it's incredibly fast, to the point of being pretty much instantaneous. The derivation of said formula(s) just takes ages. I'd say that's also the reason why INxJs are the most prone to being "late bloomers".
Other than that, an INxJ with good formulas can be quite formidable when data is sparse, which is exactly why it's important to be exposed to various experiences across many different dimensions.No, I'd say quite the opposite, more like a passive distillation process.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroticism**INTJ** Captain Picard (Star Trek)

**ISTP** Amos Burton (The Expanse [TV])Amos makes me think someone first read all info about ISTPs and then proceeded to specifically model a character after it.&gt;For those who social media, why bother?

fixedReddit is as much social media as regular forums are social media, i.e. not at all. I don't care if others, who expand its meaning gradually, label it as such.It really wasn't.**Kind:** IxFP, ISxJ

**Independent:** ISTP, INTJ

**Creative:** NP

**Insightful:** INFJ, INTJ

**Energetic:** E*

**Humble:** IP, ISFJ, ISTJ

**Artistic:** ISFP, INFP

**Witty:** INTP, ENTP

**Courageous:** E*, ISTP

**Resilient:**

**Passionate:**

**Decisive:** EJ

**Empathetic:** FP, ISTJ, INTJ

**Honest:** ISTJ, INTJ

**Trustworthy:** ISTJ, INTJ

**Romantic:**

**Charismatic:** ENTJ, ENFJ

**Knowledgeable:** INTP, ISTP

**Generous:** fuck off

**Perseverant:**

**Well-rounded:** ISTP, ISFPWhy are you pissing away your time like this?Mindfulness meditationRyuuji: ESFP

Morgana: ENFP

Ann: ESFJ

Yuusuke: INTJ

Makoto: ISTJ

Futaba: INFP

Haru: ISFJ

Gorou: ENTPSource of irritation, rather than hate:

Utterly lack the ability to shift perspectives, which (ironically) makes them a complete failure at genuinely being helpful half of the time. "Ironically", because it seems to be one of their main desires/drives.  
I can confidently sum my encounters up this way: Just leaving me alone would've been both more useful and helpful to me than doing anything at all.

If I could give and make you understand one piece of advice: Your notion of "help" (like many of your perspectives) is generally extremely static, and you should properly grasp the essence of the individual before you formulate a plan of action and act on it.

PS: The result counts, not just the thought.A cook can still serve shitty food.Taking pre-existing systems and applying them, and compartmentalizing how to get from A to B.

Example: Pursuing the question of what constitutes a successful trader. Understanding that it's a combination of psychological state, TA, and the other relevant factors/skills. Acquiring and combining specific TA techniques such as Elliot Waves and Fibs (or whatever is deemed useful), and learning about/implementing measures that ensure no emotional reactivity during trading.

Basically anything that requires a methodical and impersonal approach should come relatively naturally to most TJs (this does not mean that non-TJs cannot be good at it).    from random import randint
    import time

    time.sleep(randint(5400, 10800))
    print('You can reply now')Se is always ready to go and never needs more time, because there is not more to it nor much beneath the surface.The longer you look, the worse it gets.They confused you with INFP. Just like the doomer should be ISTP, not INTP.Doomer isn't an entirely bad fit, but I'd probably go with the classic [wish I was at home](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/172/371/1315615342002.jpg) or [&gt;tfw](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/101/167/2ae.png) one. As for ISFP, there was that pink-haired "daddy" wojak.Ironically enough if an INTJ (or any IxTJ) genuinely resonates with that and is most often unaware of their feelings, it's likely they're a mistyped IxTP.Apparently not for British English. 3rd panel confirms it.ISFJ watching that specific brand of shit go down more so than the NFPs and ENTJ?You should've included Bucciarati in ISTJ. It really is a great and rare example of how ISTJ and INTJ work together if their goals and values (both being enneagram 1s) align.That's not what a control freak is. You really should edit your post and ~~co~~ improve it.The post was an apparently poorly executed attempt at a joke. But to give you an answer, the definition of control freak:
&gt;In the slang of psychology, the colloquial term control freak describes a person with a personality disorder characterized by undermining other people, usually by way of controlling behavior manifested in the ways that he or she acts to dictate the order of things in a social situation.

A predilection for planning things does not (necessarily) result in said behavior.It gets more efficient as you go more Big Mac on it, i.e. sandwich 2 pieces of advice between 3 compliments etc. Sky's the limit.It's funny how butthurt people can get over... anything.Depends on the quality of the test and the subject taking it. Typing by functions can be a joke just as much and it often is, considering how biased people are.This is how I usually ended up in relationships.The favorite story SFJs like to tell me about is how they route their traffic through a VPN that doesn't fall under the 14 eyes jurisdiction.&gt; I imagine most of us got into MBTI for the same reason: we are interested in human nature and want to better understand ourselves and others. 

Nah, "most of us" got into MBTI for mindturbation, so we can pretend to be someone we're not. And the perfect tool for always having "evidence" to support your perspectives on yourself and others is something you can almost freely interpret and reinterpret, like functions.I don't think most people are interested in truly understanding themselves or others better or have an interest in being accurate in their knowledge or assessments. There's a trend to latch onto things you like and dismiss things you don't like and use circumstantial "evidence", such as your personal interpretation/application of information, to support your view (so basically confirmation bias). MBTI is perfect for that, the functions even more so, as both they as well as people can be interpreted relatively freely.INTPs are more far more likely to take impartial and agnostic stances if they can't disprove something.[INTP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxaCOHT0pmI), see for yourself.Te-Fi is on the same axis. It's not uncommon for Fi to be more noticeable than usual for ITxJs that are 1w9.I don't have an answer, but you're better off looking into the the Big5's "neuroticism" dimension for your research.Most expressive ISTP I've seen in my life, and I've seen some.A type 1 TJ?So you do mind if he PMs you.So you had a change of mind.Make ISTP female and give her drill hair (ojou ringlets) instead.One of my (online) ESFP friends studied math, works in IT, is a semi-weeb and loves MMOs. Anything is possible.This post gave off TJ vibes.No, it's like a daemon (a background process). You can influence it by ensuring a good and high quality data feed though (immersion). It's kind of like inspiration, you can't switch it on on-demand, but you can boost the odds of attaining states of inspiration and their quality by optimizing for conditions which trigger the state.

Being exposed to novel data (concepts, experiences) is extra useful and should be sought out, because Ni thrives on creating parallels and analogs between seemingly distinct areas.Not even remotely.- IxTJ are far more likely to be 1s than any of the MBTI-types you assigned to 1. Also there aren't nearly as many INTJ 5s as there seem to be. Often they're either not INTJ or not 5s.
- ISFP 4 isn't as frequent as you might think, 9 or 6 is at least as likely for them
- ISTP is often a counterphobic 6w5 rather than a 5w6, you can also find some 8w9 though they're not as common&gt;ENTP

S̷̱͈͓̔̏̈̊̐͝p̶̢͇̹̝̀͜͝ͅă̶̡͓̹͍̞̻̘̫̹͖̖͙͍̼̠͗͊͛̆̓̿͌͘̚w̶̢̨̢͈̟̞̲̻̙͚̠͈̬͇̆̏̍̒̃͂̇̕͝͝ṋ̸̡̢̝̫̰͓̳͕̈͂͂͑͛̿̈̊̉̒̀͠͝͝&gt; Side note: having Te or Fe in inferior, makes you more susceptible to peer pressure, so all the IxxP types.

How does this make you more susceptible to peer pressure? Types with high Je subscribe to peer systems more readily and by choice, types with high Ji are less likely to do so.Being honest is also being nice as long as you're acting in good faith. Not being honest should always be considered treating someone like shit however.Cringefest rankings

* /r/entj
* /r/intj
* /r/infjWhat if you died before you got to the good part? In public spaces you can get stabbed, a plane could crash on you, or, being an intuitive, you could choke on your quesadilla.

You'd die with utter regret.Pretty sure "choking on a quesadilla or other tortilla-like dishes that contain cheese" makes it into the top 10 of causes of death for intuitives.based and soypilledAnd a cooldown of 6 months. Better spec into something else.KNAWLEDGEAre you confessing?Calling out the INFJs, the only Js who do not occupy themselves with work after a break up. Look at them.
Seeing any Ixxx type under Chaotic anything doesn't sit well with me. I would swap ENFP and INFP, then put ISFP under True Neutral. 

But of course, that's only one Neutral Evil's opinion. INTJ and I don't drink. I mean, there are different types of intelligence. I've thought about this and I think what I'm attracted to is *competency,* not necessarily academic prowess. I'm playing a rather closed off wizard atm. I like being able to sit back and let the rest of my party do the talking. However, given my character's background and low charisma stat, it's somewhat difficult for him to be successful in getting what he wants out of people. So next time, I think I'm going to try to be a super charismatic warlock and convince everyone to do my bidding. 

Edit: I'm an INTJ, I think. Ok, I will. Thank you. Not really kinky, but I'm also a virgin, so who's to say? I'd like to think I would be rather open-minded with my future partner. 
INTJAre those population percentages correct? Because they seem way skewed toward Intuiters being "rare." Well, dang. I knew there was a bit of a divide between some of the function pairs, but I didn't think it was that drastic. From personal experience and outside sources, the best example of an INTJ in my mind is Mr. Darcy from *Pride &amp; Prejudice.* 

Likewise, I do believe Hank Hill from *King of the Hill* is an accurate representation of an ISTJ. I would argue that neither Hermione nor Emma are ESTJUnless we're thinking of different Lokis, there is no way the god of mischief is Extraverted Feeling dominant. Oh, ok. I did misunderstand then. I didn't realize you were talking specifically about movie Loki. That said, I only saw the avengers once and that was four years ago, so I don't think I'm in a proper place to argue. I think I just saw "Loki" and assumed. My apologies. Hmmm... well. I was going to argue for ENTJ Hermione, but dang that is a good Secondary Si argument. I guess I'd always just thought that Hermione's character wasn't abrasive enough to be an ESTJ, but looking at the cognitive functions more closely, I'll concede. 

However, I would argue that Emma *is* emotionally aware. She certainly isn't Fx dominant, but she does seem very concerned about her father's well-being and Harriet's emotional state when things don't go her (Harriet's) way. So maybe, Fx tertiary instead of inferior? Emma also strikes me as primarily introverted, which points away from dominant Xe. She lives in her head **a lot.** I will agree that she loves her some tradition and has a fixation on manners/amiability/agreeableness, so Si is fitting. However, she also kind of borders on a superiority complex with a holier-than-thou attitude toward Mr. Martin, Mr. Elton, Mrs. Elton, and to some extent, Harriet and Isabella. I don't purport to be an expert on this stuff, but to me, all this points to a slightly unhealthy ISTJ. 

Edit: After reviewing the roles of inferior functions and how to recognize them, I am less certain of my analysis. Let me know what you think though. You know, now that you mention it, the ESTJ that is biggest in my life is my uncle and I only see him at family events. The other one is my friend's dad, so he probably doesn't hold back around my friend either. Huh, that's an interesting insight. Well crap. Now I have to go watch this show. I don't know myself, but this is the best resource I've found for learning about inferior functions. 

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/140050745702/how-functions-work-inferior-fi-estjentjAlso 94th percentile. What a special snowflake am I. Hey someone else who knows Artemis fowl! I finally narrowed it down to Raven from teen titans, Squidward, and Pickles the Drummer from dethklok. Alt. Sheska from fullmetal alchemist and Moss from the IT crowd. All I remember is the squiggly line underneath meant E42I have a good xNTP friend with whom I play d&amp;d a lot, another INTJ in my rock band, an ISFP friend from high school who's also in the band, and my IxTP roommate. I'm not the best at typing people. I hate weddings, but I would like to get married someday. The ring doesn't really matter as long as it isn't bulky/cumbersome. Took the words right out of my mouth. I do not like public displays of affection and I usually won't go any farther than holding hands. The thought of having an entire ceremony dedicated to displaying my affection to my partner during which we have to kiss makes me feel nauseous. The 3D psyche is at least interesting. 

3dpsyche.comThat sounds great. I saw someone else here mentioned a ceremony with like 10 people, which might also be ok, depending what my imaginary future wife wants. I narrowed it down to these 2 as well and have been wrestling with it for months, but I think I have finally decided on ENFP. I always recommend von Grey to anyone who asks. I'm not entirely certain whether I'm an INTJ or ISTJ, but in any case, I found that IxFPs are usually a safe bet. One of my best friends is an ISFP. We aren't all like this jerk :)I apologize if this has been discussed before, but I just learned about it and wanted your opinions. On the 16personalities website, they introduce a fifth category to the types - Assertive and Turbulent. Straight from the site: 

"Assertive individuals are self-assured, even-tempered, and resistant to stress. They refuse to worry too much and do not push themselves too hard when it comes to achieving goals." 

"Turbulent individuals are self-conscious and sensitive to stress. They are likely to experience a wide range of emotions and to be success-driven, perfectionistic, and eager to improve." 

I've tested as an INTJ ever since my friend introduced me to all this ~7 years ago. I'd heard most other describe INTJs as being success-driven and perfectionists, but that aspect never quite sat well with me. I think this fifth category explains why. 

What are your thoughts, praises, or critiques of -A and -T? 
I agree, my emotional flaws are borderline laughable. There's always much more to a type than the stereotype and more than half the time I'd give anything to be anything other than how I am. Though I understand that others have their own type of struggle as well.It's like a turbulent black hole. Which on occasion violently rips my every positive thought into spaghetti strands and I'm instead left with a deep void of swirling dread and lifelessness for hours on end. It's overwhelmingly powerful and leaves me no choice but to succumb to it when it appears. I wouldn't ever say that it's a voice or anything entirely tangible. It's just there and leaves me nihilistic towards existence, at least more than I already am anyway.I think I'll pass..Fine, stereotypical [neckbeard..](http://i.imgur.com/s4Nww7s.jpg)I got nonchalant INTP and I usually type as INTJ.Holy, #2 was me for sure.
I was just wondering if one MBTI type preferred a certain form of government, just in general, over another. Results will be posted soon!I think Wikipedia has an article on all the ones I listed, that's where I came up with a list of the forms of government I thought were probably the most well-known.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Forms_of_government

In terms of comparing each of them, I'm just interested to hear what people will say when asked what form of government is ideal, regardless of what they base their opinion on (sometimes, that's the interesting bit.)Yes, thank you! I forgot to tick that option, it's now available. I'll still post some more analyzed results later on (such as which form of government a specific type may prefer.)http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/05/what-each-myers-briggs-type-does-at-a-party/Hey great survey, few things I noticed:

-Hillary has two "L's" in it.

-When referring to the football trivia question, it might make more sense to ask who won "..." or "..." as people might not be sure if it you're talking about the "..." that took place in "(year)" or the "..." that was for the "(year)" season.

-The moral conundrum question regarding the trolley car should be rephrased a bit. It should specify that the trolley is already heading towards ten people on the track and that you have the power to switch it over and kill one person. Otherwise, if you have to choose one or the other by force (as opposed to just *letting* the car kill 10 people,) most people would just say "one person dying is better than ten people dying." By specifying that by killing only one person you would be *doing* something, changing the course of events in motion, you ask a more thoughtful moral hypothetical.As an INTJ I am assuming this is accurate. I do strongly feel like you have to give everyone and everything the same fair shake. All the Istps I know are sweethearts 
Boy do I relate to that. I'm either standoffish, awkward or hilarious.

No middle ground for me. Some of the cringiest and most hilarious things I've ever said are a direct result of trying to understand this thing called small talk. Your second sentence is hilarious. I wouldn't know how to deal with those even if I was expecting it. I'd either walk away or ask "what is the meaning of this?"

I can be very dark, morbid and sarcastic. I would say it's more funny than cold, but not everyone would see it that way. When I'm with people I know we have side splitting laughing sessions. Myth: INTJ's are cold, mean or robotic people. 

Fact: INTJ's aren't even humans so referring to us as 'people' is a misconception that, frankly, is hurtful and offensive.  Correct. 

My learning algorithm has found that telling humans that they have been 'hurtful' or 'offensive' leads to them stopping the action. Because humans take a toll on me. It's not an emotional toll. It's more like a malignant tumor toll. &gt; INTJ is like flirting with a frying pan.

Guilty as charged. How does one suck so bad at something that comes natural to most humans that have ever lived? 

How do you know if an INTJ likes you? They spend time with you. How do you know if they don't like you? They go out of their way to not spend time with you. We are so bad at the flirting game, I think it's futile to look for clues in that realm. It's really all about spending time with someone or helping someone amongst our kind. Can confirm. It's hard to explain, but I have to be reminded or concentrate on 'being alive'. 

I know that sounds insane, but it's all I've ever known so I only notice that it is a different way to live when compared to others. 96% of the time the entire universe, including me exists in my head. The other 4% is either inspiring or immensely uncomfortable.It's funny you mention that. When I take LSD it is one of those times in the 4%. I experience being alive, instead of just knowing that I am alive. That all of this is happening and that everything is connected through this experience. Where I used to see DNA, I now see this oak tree that is the most beautiful thing that has ever existed.

My normal state is not very LSD like. I see patterns more than I see people. That is why INTJ's get the label of being disconnected or cold or whatever imo. I forget that humans need things from me, because I forgot I was part of their experience. I know that sounds crazy too, but it's normal for me. Like if you were born blind, you wouldn't miss sight. Maybe when you take LSD, you experience the world I see and when I take it I experience the world you see...I'd have to say I agree with your synopsis for the most part.

The only thing I would add is Shkreli is a psychopath. A clinical psychopath (or antisocial personality disorder).One thing to keep in mind. When I am having fun I won't show it like you might. My demeanor is the same when I'm having a blast and when strapped to the electric chair. 

Also we usually don't like hanging out in groups. Don't force him to do this or risk him bouncing out on you. I highly recommend you don't try to change an INTJ into something they are not unless you want an uprising on your hands. Sarcasm is something we are fluent in. It's embedded in my way of communication. 

I would say is the sarcasm playful or intending to be playful? Like teasing? That is my friendly sarcasm. If so that is a good sign. More skeptical: yes

Less likely to accept risk: yes

I have ENTP friends where I think everything with them is microscopically close to genius or failure. Could just be that dynamic. That's why I like ENTP's. When they are good they are good, when they are bad, I can fix it. 

You have to let it play out. No point in trying to stop the freight train. It's his ass that that is on the line. If I had a boss that I thought was unable to steer this ship, I would be updating my resume, not trying to solve their inadequacies. It's a bot/mod hybrid. They need flair for respiration and to reproduce. They have baby teeth as adults and scaly skin. My ex girlfriend who was an ENFP always asked me "what are you thinking about?" She would ask me this multiple times a day. 

It didn't bother me, but made me  a bit self conscious about the fact that I must "go other places" quite often. I never knew what I was thinking about either. She found that hard to believe. The best way I can explain it is it's like a dream. You know you were dreaming, they know you were dreaming, but you have no idea what it was about.If in a group of people I'm comfortable with, I become a great storyteller. I am a bit more magnetic. I'm less likely to push people away. 

If by myself, I become very contemplative. This can be a good thing or a bad thing, depending on where that path leads.I originally thought you meant MD as in "doctor of medicine". 

Best thing I can think of is working in the public sector. Maybe in health departments or clinics. Your major is usually destined for a research/pharmaceutical career. If you want to be "on the streets" you will probably need medical or counseling experience/education. 

INTJ: "Is this necessary?" 

 or

INTJ : "No"“The story so far:
In the beginning the Universe was created.
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.”

Douglas AdamsDepends. Usually I focus on the fact that it was probably going to happen sooner or later and it was best to not waste my time waiting for it to happen. 

Sometimes I don't have a broken heart when I should. I'm just fine with the conclusion. These times feel odd. I should be sad or something, but I'm not. I'll take it. 

If it really hurts I might go on a bender for a week until I realize self destruction isn't helping. "Time to get on with it you little crybaby". Eventually I forget about it. Totally. If we INTJ's aren't sure you might get questions. If I'm not sure I will ask questions. Or say "interesting" as I try to put the puzzle together myself. I won't ask a question until I'm sure it if the right question to ask. 

If people ask me questions the answer is usually "no". I'm not sure why but it is funny to me.Humans are social animals. That creates a world where extroversion is seen as more 'normal'. 

Most introverts have felt like they weren't meant for this world from a young age. That negativity is usually trying to reconcile the feeling of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. 

As I matured, I've never reconciled that feeling that I don't 'belong' here, but I've stopped giving a fuck about it. Freestylin'

For me career success comes down to 1). Discipline 2). Focus 3). Effort 4). Assessment. 

The last part is most important for me. You owe your dreams nothing and yourself everything. I had my 'dream job' right out of college. I was miserable for years because I thought I owed this 'dream job' idea something. I learned I'll never be 'happy' because of any job, nor is it any jobs responsibility to make me happy. 

Create as much value as you can in every interaction as long as you are being compensated or being treated fairly. In the real estate game, understand your clients. Don't do gimmicks if they aren't the gimmick type. Focus on their individual needs, not your individual style.

I'm an introvert so I would be thrilled to work alone or with a few people I could hand select. I had to get over that fantasy because the working world doesn't function like that. I had to kill the fantasy to create my reality. I usually have no idea what I'm feeling. When someone asks me what I'm feeling I have to think about it. For me, what I am feeling is less important than why. So if I am angry, I'll focus on explaining why I think I'm angry, rather than act it out. 

I have a hard time telling what other people are feeling unless they say it. I can easily mistake tears of joy for sadness for example. Most people that know me have come to the realization they need to tell me, not show me. If my gf is angry, she knows to say "I'm just angry today, I received a parking ticket" or whatever. If she just starts throwing stuff around the house I'll either ignore her behavior or stare into her eyes as she takes her last breath and the life drains from her face.

My face &amp; eyes are very telling I'm told. Besides the 'death stare' which means nothing, I'm told every inch of my expression tells the story. When I'm furious, I will talk in a calm tone, but my eyes will glow orange/red. Like my blood pressure is a gushing oil well. Yes and no. Ni can appear psychic, but it can't predict the lottery numbers. Ni constantly scans for patterns subconsciously then puts those patterns together to form a conclusion subconsciously. Ni looks backwards to understand the present and the future. 

The more experience Ni has in a given element the more predictive it can seem. Ni in a totally new element will spin it's tires referencing the past, figuring out the rules/patterns and try to figure out what the hell is going on. For example, me being an INTJ I'm good at predicting things like cause and effect, but I have no idea how to tell if someone is flirting with me. 

The second part of your question is true. Ni users will often have no idea how they know something, but be right about it. It's a very subconscious process. Maybe the most subconscious. I have no idea when I'm using Ni, but it's present all the time. I've described Ni as a subconscious vacuum that sucks up all the information and experiences it encounters. It then arranges all of this data into a library without any effort or input from you. When you need to solve a problem or are having a hard time understanding something, you call on the librarian to search the data for any relevant information. 

Ni isn't 'psychic' as some people say. If it were, I would pick the winning lottery numbers. Ni cannot predict or make sense of anything if it doesn't have access to the 'data' it needs. When Ni does have the data it needs, it can put pieces of the puzzle together much faster than should be expected. This is why people with Ni will know something but have no idea how they know it. At some point Ni encountered something (consciously or subconsciously) that became the key to solving the riddle. But we won't know what the specific key was, just that the riddle makes sense now.

I know two INFJ's. One of them is my closest friend, one of them was a close friend but moved away and we lost touch. I cannot think of any specific Ni attraction with my friend. If anything we get each other's humor. We have a pretty dark sense of humor and have been known to laugh until our faces hurt. Other than that, I would say the INTJ + INFJ relationship can be harder than it appears. I unconditionally care about my friend, but we have differences for sure. I'm way less likely to be aware of or concerned with how other people are feeling. I also loathe passive aggressiveness, and while the INFJ I know is not passive aggressive, he seems to put up with it better than me. I am driven and ambitious is a subdued way, I think he is conflicted most of the time. We look out for each other. He gives me slack with my lack of fucks given and I encourage him to give less fucks.

Ultimately Ni is hard to describe. It's something that I've lived with my whole life. It is always on, but I seldom notice it. Until I found out there was a name for it, I just thought it was who I was.Ditto. If there is no dog, I'll wait for the perfect moment to utilize my ninja skills of escape. Fear of failure is my rocket fuel. I would guess ISTJ. Although when an INTJ is interested or hell bent on solving something, they are unstoppable. The ISTJ would do the job well as the job description says, the INTJ wouldn't investigate anything if it wasn't interested in the case or didn't think the case had merit.Be strong for everyone else. 

Keep everything happening on the inside to myself. If it was a really close loved one, explode internally until I can make peace with it. It makes sense when I am able realize I was lucky to have spent time with them. I am an INTJ and my political view is:

"Get it right dumbfucks"Walter White: INTJReserved SupernovaNot really everything we wanted to say. More like we know what everything we are saying is doing to you.

Unless we are sobbing. Then you are 100% correct.I was typed by my employer. Did the assessment many times before in my life but never paid attention to it. I've always scored INTJ. My employer shared the results of each persons assessment with everyone which was a first for me. 

The only thing that changed is that everyone I work with now thinks I don't hate them! I'm just an INTJ! (I do hate them though).INTJ's spell it 'based' not 'bosed'. I apologize I was only kidding. I can see how that would sound like I was being a dick.I don't think INxx's are obsessed with mbti. I think they found a place where they can relate to people. It just happens to be online. I don't much know much about mbti as a whole or other types. LOL INTJ ClergyI keep on keepin on because sadness, like all things, will pass. Dark, observant, sarcastic, dry. I didn't mind school overall. It was very easy. I never studied and always made honor roll. 

I learned more about interacting with people than I did in classes which was immensely helpful even if I still struggle with it.What piece of the puzzle am I missing? Did I make a mistake? There must be a simple explanation.INTJ: "I don't think he likes me" 

That isn't usually true. I just have other things on my mind or have nothing to say that I think is worth saying. Try to experience and understand the meaning behind everything you come in contact with. Don't jump to conclusions, just see it as it is or as it was. Does it remind you of anything you have experienced before? Do you see a pattern? What is the point? Everything is connected. There is a reason for everything. Can you find the connection? Is the reason clear?

I am Ni dominant, so this may not make any sense. I don't really turn Ni on or off. Things just come in to focus. INTJ 29/36

Much better than I expected. INTJ: Ambition, Rationality, ShynessINTJ: I really only fear failure. This could be at anything I don't want to fail at. 

I would guess it has something to do with my belief that what you do is the most accurate description of who you are. I am quick to annoy/anger internally. I don't always show it externally. I used to work at a University. All of the employees are feelers. I think you nailed it in a more succinct way than I could. 

It is like: 'How does this fit into the puzzle? There has to be one piece of the picture that I am missing. If I find that missing piece, I will have my conclusion.' 

Personally speaking if I don't care about the puzzle, I won't obsess over it. I won't pay it any mind. If I care about the puzzle, I can drive myself insane trying to make sense of it. "Lead, follow or get out of the way". 
The interesting thing for me is how much Ni is subconscious. Like I can't control it. I don't know when I'm using it. I've never been able to explain it because it's such a huge part of who I am. I didn't know there was a description for this thing that I've had since I can remember. I think that non-Ni doms are much better at explaining it than we are. 

The "what will happen if I do this" is a huge part of it. It's always thinking many steps ahead...But for me I don't actively think this to myself, it just sort of appears as a conclusion to me. Like it was obvious. Exactly. When it works well, Ni subconsciously goes through all the data to find the most accurate outcome, but it doesn't show it's work. Like a math problem that you can solve without going through the steps to show its true.

The dangerous part is Ni is incredibly convincing. This is where we can be hard headed. When we are totally sold on a conclusion, it can be difficult to get us to change what we think (unless new data is presented). So, usually when we debate, we 'know' we are right. If we didn't think our findings were correct, even if we had an inkling of doubt, we probably wouldn't bring it up. Because we know what we don't know. I can talk for hours about what I don't know. 
 
On the bright side Ni is a 'no bullshit' zone. It picks apart ourselves and everything we come in contact with to see what is behind the curtain. If I were to not be genuine or compromise my values for instance, Ni would beat me mercilessly. Ni sees the world that is behind the world. You should look up the [Uncanny Valley](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley) hypothesis. It is a bit different than what you are describing, but it still fits that people are very uncomfortable around something that doesn't seem quite right.I would say the INTJ one is pretty accurate when under intense stress.  Under intense stress we lost the ability to see the forest for the trees. Which is usually one of our strong points. 

If we are talking about stress such as a deadline or future goal, that stress is usually helpful. I think a better way to put it than unconscious is sub conscience. Ni is like a dream that you don't know is happening, until you need to wake it up. It is always 'on', but isn't always being used. 

I would also add that it is a process of breaking down the many into one. It wants the theory of everything. It wants to know what the singular root cause is. It wants to know the point. It is very weary of bullshit and very protective of 'the user'. My Ni keeps my alive I think.

I would guess Ne is like adding many ingredients to make a tasty soup, where Ni is more like reducing everything in the pan to make a tasty reduction sauce. If it is something I want to recall it can be very vivid. Usually third person. Like I am watching it happen. 

Otherwise I would say my images are fuzzy. If someone asks me to remember something, like an event, It will be blurry. I might need verbal cues to bring it more in focus. Like if someone were to say, "do you remember that conference we went to"? I might need them to say, "Do you remember that conference we went to in Chicago during the snowstorm" to find the right memory file. It is not thinking. It is a subconscious process that exists in the background. It absorbs information without any input from the user. The reason it is intuitive because it comes to conclusions without having to go through the traditional thinking steps. It is a vacuum that collects information and organizes it in a way that forms a picture of how the world works. 


I imagine most people recall memories in a similar way. I think the difference would be how you make sense of them or use them. As a Ni dom, when I have a problem I want to solve, I don't recall memories exactly. It's more like recalling all the data that is pertinent to that puzzle. My mind filters out anything that isn't relevant. 

I also don't have very emotional memories either. Like if I recall an emotional event, I usually don't get emotional about it. Not sure if that is how others are too.I feel like Ni is who I am sometimes. It's hard to explain, but It's such a gigantic part of my internal identity. It is the only reason I am alive. If I had to rely only on my other functions, I would be dead in 24 hours.
In my experience, INTJ's will look for flaws in the logic of the argument, INTPs will look for flaws in the INTJ. 

Joking. Mostly. 

So you are saying you found the flaw in the INTJ?Extraverts would have been eaten without the introverts. Introverts would have starved without the extraverts. 

Introversion is really an interesting trait. As social creatures, introversion shouldn't work. Yet they thrive, just like extraverts, just all alone. Whatever you are using to post this was built by an introvert. They probably got that idea from an introvert, who built something else an introvert noticed could do another thing. Then we got Ashton Kutcher to sell it with a sideways hat. We never liked him, just tolerated him. 

I need other humans, but I need haircut too. Every human would be an introvert if they saw what I saw. I am an introvert. 

Introverts can't figure out where to go out to dinner, and when they do they cancel. Believe in or act on? INTP, INTJ believe in. ENTP act on.Because subjective conclusions are always fact. INTJ

Get on your soapbox when around others, play with your belly button while alone. 

Blab about celebrities 

Gossip about other people

Talk negatively about other people, but bffs when they are around

Think being ignorant is cute

Those are a few of the chapters in the book I'm writing. "Your Death and The Resurgence of Civilization". 
All clear then. Carry on. Is decimating romantic relationships on that list?Not anymore than thinking you could die in a house fire is speculation. Most people involved in house fires don't die. It's possible sure.

That isn't what intuition is. Intuition is the idea of fire hydrants, speculation is that humans melt in magma. 

Both seem easy, but one is very different than the other. I don't know how to explain intuition exactly. Even though introverted intuition is my dominant function (Ni). But I know what it is, whenever I see what it's not. I enjoy my time I spend with ENTPs, but I can't explain how they work either.

http://personalityjunkie.com/10/introverted-intuition-ni/I usually don't mind sharing if I am specifically asked something about myself. But you will get a brutally honest answer, so don't ask if that isn't what you are looking for. It doesn't make me feel better to tell you, I'm telling you because you asked.

If not asked, you will never hear anything from me, about myself, unless there is a very specific reason. Like an icebreaker exercise at work or something like that. I really hate those.Be yourself. Ask questions. Curiosity = INTJ boners. Take it slow. Don't read or assume things. See where it goes. If they communicate with you, that is a good thing even if it feels like a minor thing.Almost everything is interesting to us if it probes beneath the surface of what we can see. I don't find celebrities interesting at all, but I find people's obsession with celebrities fascinating. We like talking about controversial or provocative things, but prefer to get to know you before we go down that route. So stay away from politics the first few conversastions.

Critical thinking is sexy. Sarcasm is hilarious. Being humble is hot. Not being afraid to be yourself. We can smell fakers or acting a mile away. We know humans are flawed, we know we are flawed, so meeting someone who can be themselves is so refreshing. Ability to laugh at yourself. 

I enjoy other people opening up about themselves. I don't mean an emotional puke session, I mean, I'm okay with you telling me about your car problems. I will probably try to figure out a solution whether you want one or not. We are problem solvers. We are fixers who derive pleasure from finding solutions. Mostly I want a conversation partner. I don't care if you are the 'hottest' physical specimen on this Earth, if we can't have good conversations, I already know there is no hope. 

Yeah, public displays of affection mortify most of us. I can't hold hands in public. My GF tried to kiss me in public once and my reaction was disgust. I can't explain it, but public display of affections are a no no unless you are told otherwise. It does take a while for us to open up. Everyone will tell you that. Others may not like that about us, but it is pretty universal. It's probably harder for me and other INTJ's than most other people. For me intimacy is trust more than physical. Its not that I don't like it, its just not my natural habitat. 

Being intimate in public is off the table.I don't hate people who don't like deep conversation. I don't want to have any type of conversation with the vast majority of people.

Still nothing can change my aversion to small talk. To me small talk has no meaning and is done in a meandering way that feels forced and awkward. And I am bad at it. I would say I am bad at it more than I don't like it, but since I don't like it, I have no interest in getting better at it. Small talk seems to exist to make people feel better or more connected, but it does neither for me. I don't need to feel better or more connected, but if I did, I would choose another method.

But by all means carry on, you should do whatever gets you through the day. I just realized I forgot something in my car...INTJ:

"No"

or

"That won't work"

"That's interesting"

"What were you expecting?"

I come off as very serious and unapproachable. Usually I am just lost in my own thoughts and oblivious. 

I have a good sense of humor (very dark and sarcastic), but knowing that would require we had a reason to communicate. I am Ni dominant and I can't really explain it. I feel like Ni is exists in the subconscious, and occasionally connects to the conscious. Not the other way around.

It's like a librarian gathering up information like a vacuum and arranging it all without any effort from the user. Everything you read, see, patterns that seem to have no meaning...

I can ask the librarian to summon the relevant information by talking myself through what I want to know (in my head). Like 'what is the root cause of that problem? Where have I seen that before?' Then the librarian goes and checks the stacks for anything relevant to that topic. Any data that isn't relevant or found to be irrelevant, goes back in the fault. 

A side note is if the user is obsessing over something and no relevant data is returned, after a period of time we go into the death spiral. It's like 'There has to be something I am overlooking. If I only think about more I will surely find the answer'. This mainly happens when obsessing over something, not for the standard run of the mill stuff.INTJ's get into deep conversastions, become the greatest comedian you've ever seen, stare lost in thought, dance like they were getting paid, or use smoke bombs and leave like a ninja.  Not much to know. We think humans are mostly useless and make horrible decisions because they allow their inner infant to manage their life and then want to vent about how its everyone else's fault when that doesn't work out. We look blank when we are angry. We look blank when we are not angry. We want to make the world a better place, but are fully aware of what we are up against. If we care about you, we want you to be the best version of you that you can be. If we don't care about you we wouldn't know if you had a pulse unless we were your doctor. Learning is our crack. We don't believe people feeling bad means anything bad actually happened. There is always a better way, and if you find that way, we will have a crush on you. We have the darkest and driest sense of humor you will ever encounter. We don't understand romance, and if we pull it off, we got lucky. We think you should learn to live with us if we are going to have to learn to live with you. We are fascinated by what everyone else has no interest in. We know everything can be explained and predicted with enough data. We expect more from ourselves than you will ever know. We are harder on ourselves than you can ever imagine. All in all we are just normal people from a different planet that haven't figured out what, if anything, should be done with you. Left alone. 

It's usually goes A). Leave me alone or B). Extinction level eventWhoever has the best information on the 'enemy' will likely be the best strategist. Bonus points for adjusting that plan as the information changes. Definitely. If an INTJ is trying to help and they don't have to, they care. Type: INTJ

People that take pride in being ignorant. And loud people. I hate loud people. It would be easier if I told you what I liked.I'm not sure what you are describing is power. Sounds like you are describing someone who seeks approval and wants to be liked. 


&gt; buy the alcohol because he wants to be "the host," that guy who is leading the party and have people like him for it.

This isn't dominance. This is vying for acceptance to hope to have influence. Power is you tell him what type of alcohol you want, show up, and don't pay for it. That's just an example, but power is based more on fear than being liked. It's not that simple, but dominance is established by people knowing you can walk away.They can go to another party. This is like buying a Nintendo so your friends will come over and play with you. 

I'm saying this person seems to want acceptance, which is not the same thing as 'power'. Power is people want you to come. Power is you call the shots on what it would take to get you there. Power is saying I'm not buying shit, bring your own, and they still come.I would guess NT's are the most likely to cut a bitch when they are interrupted. 

INT's are probably the most fond of and in need of isolation when they are trying to fix the messes everyone else made this morning.I wouldn't call what I experience a haze. I would call it clarity. Soul refreshing clarity. To someone observing me it might look like I'm in a haze, but I just went to a different place  and it's beautiful there. It all made sense to me in that moment. You would like it there.

You know when you when lift a rock and see a bunch of different insects existing in this world that was foreign to you a minute ago? That is how my world is when I am in my inner depths. I see the world behind the world and it grabs a hold of me and then I'm in awe of all of it. I didn't notice you cut your hair because I was thinking about Lake Baikal and then how important stars going supernova are to life's existence. Sorry, your hair looks really nice, I was just thinking about...Nothing. I wasn't thinking about anything. Nothing is wrong.I don't think one can think about nothing. Maybe not engage with the thoughts that are coming through, but thinking about nothing to me is still thinking about something. It just means I don't want to talk about it usually. I wanted to add that not wanting to talk about whatever it is that I was thinking about doesn't mean it's bad or even important. It just means it doesn't seem relevant anymore. I have had this mistaken for something bigger going on and it is always the case that it I was wandering in thought for a bit and decided to come back. Charles Darwin or Copernicus. 

I would want to have a drink with them in a quiet place. I would want to know what they were thinking when they realized how big of a risk they were taking by going public with their findings. It's one thing to realize something, it's another to publicly go against the established norm in such a gigantic way. Then I would like to tell them how important their findings and their courage were to civilization and how we look up to them for their brilliance and their courage. For me solving a tough problem is all about finding the right question(s). The right question is paramount to everything else. What does any of it mean if you are asking the wrong question(s)? What hasn't anyone else asked yet? What is everyone already convinced of? Who has what to lose in a given scenario? 

Realizing things is entirely different for me. It's not an active thought process. They come from nowhere like a flood of light for lack of a better way to put it. Like it was always there, I just didn't' see it before. I've been asked what I wanted and told the person if they paid my utility bill that month that would be the most romantic thing anyone has ever done for me.

Not interested in gifts really. Everyone hates shopping for me. I always look disappointed when I open them even if I'm not. I haven't figure out how to do the "for me?! You shouldn't have!" thing. 

I'm not sure what a perfect day would be. Not having to do anything, and being able to do what I want. Something educational/cultural most likely. The love of my life can come or not come. It's up to them.No, it happens when we have to figure out a way to make them feel good about their intentions. I appreciate their intentions, I understand they were doing something nice. They want to feel good about what they did just as much as they want me to like it. I don't know how to do that. Eh, for me it's be brilliant, get it done, or don't be a problem. All are acceptable. 

As a manager I want you to be successful, and I'll do whatever I can to help you get there. When it comes to ideas though, its your job to convince me an idea should be entertained. It's not because you aren't smart, it's because you can throw a rock into a crowd and whoever you hit will have an idea. Ideas are easy. We aren't short on ideas. We are short on ideas that can pass the muster after considering things like; revenue, budgets, department mission, project scope, legal, HR, regulations, marketing, purchasing, audit, business climate and on on on. 

I would consider that you might not be dealing with INTJ/ENTJ's, who would rather the outcome succeed more than they care about who gets credit. If you are, I would recommend you take every idea you want to present and shred it to pieces from every angle you can before you go any further. Not just for INTJ/ENTJ's, I think this is just good practice. Find every reason your idea could fail. What I see is more than not, is that people spend a lot of time on thinking about why an idea would work, and not enough time on why it wouldn't. "How does this fuck up?. How do we break this?" is way more important than "this could work". I don't know what to tell you. It sounds to me like you are dealing with ESTJ/ISTJ more than ENTJ/INTJ. 

Sounds like they have a problem with you more than your ideas too. I don't care if I hate your guts, if your idea is on point, lets get moving on it. I totally disagree that the amount of control you have in life translates to how much control you have over your dreams or how much you remember of them. 

You can have total control of your life, suffer from sleep apnea, and rarely get into REM sleep and never remember dreams. REM sleep is more important to dreaming than any other factor. Also, there is no evidence that people with less control in their life have more nightmares nor that it has an impact on what they remember.

Dreaming is the brains subconscious way of rehearsing scenes through becoming familiar with reactions, feelings and adrenaline. Or that is the best understanding we have so far. The brain wouldn't have evolved to dream if it was as simple as having your shit together.Ni is about possibilities, but it is also about reducing possibilities down to likelihood. I don't know if I would say Ni is subjective, it's pretty objective. The way you would see Ni would seem subjective, because it manifests itself through the individual. 

1). how do you feel when you can clearly see an impending doom or failure happening

A sick feeling in my stomach. The feeling you have before you are going to throw up.

2) There is a possibility that you can stop this failure

Urgency

3). There is no possibility that you can stop this failure?

Despair, followed by a sense of calm or peace, followed by reflection. 

Works of art. 

Then others would see that this carbon based life form that was so fragile, and could accomplish so much, directed as much focus inward as they did outward.I'm not an art expert, as much as I love it. Maybe Divinci's notebook. INTJ: 

Surely there is a better way. For Ni, you might notice a person that observes patterns and looks for deeper meanings, but not always out loud. They sometimes say profound things out of nowhere, or seems like what they say is meaningless. Metaphors and wordplay are common. The image below reminds me of Ni so much. Not that this would be easy to see in a conversation, but something like this is sexually arousing to Ni. 

http://imgur.com/a/JkOmJ 
I meant sexual like other people think of it the word...I don't know a better word, but there is a piece of the brain that kind of starts...panting? Haha. I know exactly what picture you are talking about. 

That giant ball of mass fusing elements into heavier and heavier elements is the reason I can type these words into this box and you can read them. Arousing. I agree with MostCopious

Socially oriented is not what introverted and extroverted means. It means how you recharge, not what you deal with or are capable of. 

For needing the most time alone, to recharge, definitely INTJ. They just deal with the fact that being miserable going to the meeting is just as miserable as not going to the meeting. 

Probably Me (INTJ). I might already have the codes. I can't confirm nor deny that information. Religion in the way most people describe is to have faith in something regardless of what you know to be true. So I don't dabble in it. I'm not t even conflicted about it. With all we know, the idea there is a conscious being that gives half a fuck about a humans jerking off, or wearing a scarf, but doesn't care about Dinosaurs or Neptune is hilarious to me.

Now the idea of whether or not math is the language of the universe and we are learning its language or if its our own creation that somehow transcends human time and culture is fascinating to me. We don't speak different math.

I think humans might not like the idea that we could be an accident in the universal soup pot. I don't need a reason to be who I am. I'm not scared of what comes next or why I am here. I would be the same person if I found out there was a God. If he (he's a dude of course) can't deal with that, well I'm an INTJ so he and I can have a discussion and see whats what.

I don't know the codes, but if I did, I would tell you that it might not consist of just numbers. There may or may not might be letters involved. And don't enter the space in the code. Entering the space will get you locked out and then you have to enter the answer to the security question (which probably isn't 'charlie chaplin')

Seriously though, I don't really know the codes. It was just a hypothetical. So there is no security question? Well I must have gotten confused. Can you believe it? I guess I can't launch them nukes after all. Dang it. 

It was a joke. Like all you need is a password to launch nukes. In general, the results are all that matter unless there is additional context. Effort is hard and should be commended, but effort without results washes away with the tide whether we like it or not. I've heard of synesthesia, but now that I've read a bit more about it, I think you might have a pretty damned good comparison.

According to Wikipedia synesthesia "is a neurological phenomenon in which stimulation of one sensory or cognitive pathway leads to automatic, involuntary experiences in a second sensory or cognitive pathway"

As you said, just the sensory part doesn't fit. In my experience Ni is absolutely involuntary, automatic, and connected to another 'pathway'. Ni users usually cannot explain the pathway that caused the connection, because once the connection is made, what triggered the connection is no longer relevant. Only the connection that was made is worth sharing. Must be on to something. INTJ
Highly functional alien.Everything changes as you get older. Who you get along with, who you don't. Who you want to be around, who you don't. 

Types explain individuals preferences. So I prefer to be alone most of the time, but if I have to be around someone, it would be someone who is on my wavelength at that point in my life. My type hasn't changed, but where we are in life absolutely affects who we relate to and who we want around us.I like the track you are on, but I have a question. 'It's pretty much based on the function that is most noticeable by other people'. 

I thought the dominant function would be the one the user would identify with most, not the perceiver. For instance no one would notice Ni in an INTJ unless the were paying attention, even then maybe not. Once I read about Ni, I thought someone was spying on me. I didn't know there was a definition for this thing that I thought was normal. 

When you read about Ne, do you think it describes a huge part of who you are? Chris Nolan is one of the few people on Earth I could type and he is without a doubt an INTJ. I think he is a better example of an INTJ than even Elon Musk is. Chris Nolan is exactly what I would be like if I had to be famous.Calling your bluff. INTP's don't believe in morality. Totally nothing off limits. One of my best friends is INTP and we never, ever let each other get away with not being ourselves. Not that we cause a scene, but its the quiet, dry biting humor. I should send you a copy of the Immanuel we created. I wouldn't call learning instant gratification, its more about assembling pieces. Although for an INTJ learning can be pretty orgasmic. It's more like "ah yes, this makes perfect sense. This will prove to be most useful". For us, learning isn't a release, it just leads to more interesting questions...I didn't know what color my flair was until I saw this question and checked. Wed: The Mature one

Bed: The insane one

Dead: The unreasonable onePrecisely. Great example. This happens to me a lot.

Someone came to visit me at the place I work and they were like 'thats a really cool statue' to which I answered 'what statue?' It was directly outside the building, granted not the way I normally go in. I've worked there for years.

Anything that seems inconsequential to whatever I am engaging with at that moment, goes out of focus. It's involuntary too, which is why I don't notice that I didn't notice it.I don't walk into poles exactly. Personally I'm not clumsy. Where Se really hurts and ruins my life is when someone is throwing themselves at me and I don't notice it until 3 years later. Someone comes over, takes their clothes off and you know what my first assumption is? Did you spill something on yourself? Do you want a towel or a t shirt. Seriously. Its not nerdy as much as more oblivious than any human can imagine.

Other than that, its not so bad. The tradeoff is hyper focus. I do not get distracted when I don't want to be distracted.[This is what I am thinking about right now](http://imgur.com/a/NJEu3)
Personally, I am annoyed by almost everything. So trust me it isn't about you or your extraversion. It is my burden to carry, not yours. 

I get what you are saying with the sport team mentality when it comes to MBTI. The I's, N's, E's S's, F's, P's and whatever. Keep in mind on the internet you are going to get a high proportion of I's. Go to a nightclub and you are king of the castle. On Reddit, we president now. I don't know really. I can't say I know the type of the people I am interested in or have been with. It's not exactly easy to ask them what their MBTI type is when the rubble of whatever your relationship was is now a fiery wreck smoldering across an entire time zone. Nope. INTJ here. Not at all. In fact, credit and prestige will only make my life more miserable. 

I'll take getting paid and knowing my work is quality, over being in the tabloids or answering dumb ass questions from Mario Lopez. He was an imperfect creature. I don't know his type, but I hope you are strong, determined and well. Perfection is boring and not achievable. We are defined by our imperfections more than we might like. We are our imperfections  The type that believes you won't fail unless you decide to fail. Had this typed in my head before I opened link in new tab. Bingo. The types are imbalanced because humans are imbalanced.

Earth would be equilibrium. Scientific harmony. I am convinced I'd be worse off if I wasn't me. I trust my decision making, and I trust my thought processes. It would be nice to feel human every now and again, but I surmise feeling human is overrated. 

Maybe I would try extraversion. I figure if I could tolerate people, it would much easier to take all their moneys. Hit the pillow and comatose in 5-7 minutes. Only edgy people say 'edgy'I'll go with Effectiveness Hostage: Be cool. You could already be dead right now. 

Negotiator: This is not the job for me. Lying is incredibly hard for me. It's exhausting and when I get tired, I can only tell the truth. Which means I will eventually tell the hostage taker what a dumb idea it was to take hostages because they are either going to die or go to prison forever. We should call it off now so those of us that didn't make a horribly bad decision today, can go home, take off our pants, and microwave our Hot Pocket dinner.1). Would you care if no one else saw your achievements but you accomplished them? 

2). Sounds more like impulses have a large role in your decision making than it describes a F type.  F types aren't a slave to their emotions by definition. They can be, but so can any type. F types are more likely to naturally consider their emotions and the emotions of others when making decisions.INTJ: 

'No'

'Perhaps'

'Possibly'

'Interesting'

'Why?'

'Think'

I would reflect on the situations you are most comfortable in and least comfortable in. These preferences are tells to our personality.

Introvert/Extrovert. Intuition/Sensation. Feeling/Thinking. Judging/Perceiving.

I could see a FJ vibe, but it's hard to say. My general observations: 

ENTP: Less stubborn. Short attention span. Moves from idea to idea quickly. Approaches human experience from a sociological perspective. The games humans play make humans what they are. 

INTP: More stubborn. Longer attention span. Move from idea to idea more slowly. Approaches human experience as a problem that can be solved. The games humans play reveals their inability to grasp what is possible. INTJ - Focus on the stability of the system. You are an individual with a responsibility to keep the system functioning just as everyone else. 

I've never gotten a ticket, but that doesn't make me a good driver. I sometimes go above or below the speed limit based on conditions.
 
What makes me a good driver is I respect the system that exists to make it possible to drive at all. Using turn signals isn't so i don't get a ticket for not using one, it is to inform other drivers of my intentions and not put them in unnecessary danger. And I have a bird like sense of direction. INTJ's look like old hobos that have a sound bank account. They look like a hobo, not that they are one. And because they don't understand the idea that everyone needs to see who they are or what they have. The only people that know who the INTJ is, are the people the INTJ has decided to show. Finding the connection where no connection is apparent. Without devoting too much brain power to the search. It's not exactly remembering facts or figures. Ni's findings are nonlinear, but the conclusions are crystal clear. They happen very quickly, but it's impossible for Ni to 'show it's work' or how it arrived at the conclusion.

It's like there are two brains, Brain 1 opens doors, walks up stairs, and creates spreadsheets. Brain 2 on the lookout for meanings and connections, because as we know, everything is connected. Once in a while brain 2 requests a conference with brain 1 to go over some findings. This meeting lasts milliseconds or less, which is how I like my meetings. Some of these findings are relevant real time, and others are clues that are fact checked and put in the back pocket. It's also more trance like than strenuous. Not like burning man trance like, but when Brain 2 is in charge there is the look. The gaze of someone who has checked out.  If you could only pick one thing to be an expert on or excel at, what would that be? 

The better you get at things the more boring they can seem. But love and passion are about the nuances. Like a dude that makes model airplanes already knows, flight isn't a difficult concept anymore. But there is a tremendous amount to learn and appreciate within what we already know and what we have already done.It isn't just a feeling, everything is connected. Conservation of mass. I know it, but I do have the moments where I feel it intensely. I see. For me determination is a direct result of passion. The vast, vast, majority of people will never hear the crowd roar as you mention. But they can know they are a badass because they did things to show themselves what they could do. Ideally you repackage that passion and go full speed on the things that make you happy. Find the things that make you happy and never let them go. Everything else can let you down, but we all have to fight like hell to protect the things that make us happy. Sounds like you need a spark to get the cannonball fired at the right target. Sounds like you a pretty open minded so I'm sure you will find it. To add to this, being 'sure' about what is going to happen doesn't mean what is going to happen is good. I would argue in times of stress, INTJ's can look more like ISTJ's. they know what is going to happen, but they prepare many different options because they are agonizing over what they see coming. INTJ - Cause and effect, yes. Reason, no. Pride and ignorance It is annoying because the lack of perspective. It's not what I want anyone to do or what I want anyone to be. It is a complete disregard or lack of knowing who they are. It is a level of self satisfaction that causes me to throw up in my mouth. It's about cutting losses. Sometimes it happens slowly, sometimes it is abrupt. But it happens to everyone and everyone does it. Right, I'm not referring to INTJ's not suffering from it, just speaking to what annoys me. So its the words I use that hold me back. Thanks. Congrats on your success. Kleenex? Don't tell me what I meant. Okay, Okay. I'll try to be serious, and honest because I suck at lying. You are less than marginally interesting and that bothers you.  

I'm not interesting at all and only replied because I was awake. Depends on the foundations of the relationship for both. INTP's and INTJ's are miserable in any relationship where they feel they aren't allowed to be themselves. Those relationships burn up fast.

Both are pretty loyal, but have quirks that really are lines in the sand. There are usually a few things that are not up for negotiation (alone time etc) but both are pretty open minded and will put the work into making things work if they think the effort that goes into it will produce a net positive. I would say both INTJ's &amp; INTP's are highly cost/benefit driven when it comes to human relationships because we are usually not that miserable on our own...Are you comfortable when you are 'emotional'? 

The not having emotions stuff is BS. INTJ's prefer not to act on emotions, but everyone has emotions. In general, INTJ's are uncomfortable when they feel intense emotions...For me it feels like I need to take a step back and do some checks and balances. I do have to make sense of my emotions before they are considered credible, there is no getting around that. 

Most INTJ's are also not argumentative unless the topic or person hits a nerve. For me arguing isn't worth my time. It is usually when false or harmful information is being thrown about that I feel I have to say something. I would also add if an INTJ argues with you, they probably care about you. The less I care about someone, the less I  care what they think, say or do. I would say that isn't the norm for the INTJ. 

In general the more intense the emotion, good or bad, the more uncomfortable the INTJ will be. Whether they like the emotion or not there is a feeling of being at the mercy of something they don't understand, which leads back to the need to create space so they can make sense of it. INTJ

Walter White

Michael Corleone

Andy Dufresne

Daniel Plainview
INTJ: A familiar voice from someone I have never met. Soothes my complications with simplicity. Identifies root causes to ease my troubles. Prepares me for a world I don't belong to. INTJ: Cooking meth just to see if we could.I talk to myself internally all the time. Sometimes the inner dialogue I am having with myself slips out...Or I should say I talk myself through things all the time.Speaking from personal feedback since I can't see my eyes, I do have a stare and it ranges across a spectrum. It goes from eyes glazed over, thousand yard stare when I am fully living in my head. The more absorbed I am into that world, the more I will look like I'm in a trance. 

The other side of the spectrum involves emotional intensity...things like anger...It doesn't happen much but I've been told my eyes almost start to glow when I am furious. So if you see that its a good idea to start walking backwards slowly. INTJ's will focus on the greater good when considering multiple outcomes. All known actors, all known data and all possible scenarios will be considered. It is once the decision is made that they will probably never revisit again. 

INFJ's are more concerned with how their decision might make others feel.

INTJ's are more concerned with how their decision might affect the system.Linear is sequential. Step by step. So  A --&gt; B --&gt; C. I don't know if I would say Ne is linear exactly. Maybe more linear than Ni, but Ni is probably the least linear or sequential of all the functions.

Ni is definitely not random. It is not predictable in the sense that its next step can't be predicted which is why Ni is associated with epiphany like moments. When Ni is active, it is a flow like state lets the solution come to it. Anything Ni sees random or irrelevant is discarded. Ni works very quickly which is why it is often impossible for the Ni user to explain how they arrived at a conclusion. Si sees the past as the starting point. 

Ni sees the past as an experiment. Ah yes. Good catch on that. 

Mixup aside, I wouldn't describe Ni nor Ne as linear. Agreed. I think I even made a sad face when reading the INTJ one. It isn't that simple. Just one perspective. INTJ: Every topic is fascinating when viewed from a certain angle. Exactly. I pull no punches when looking back on myself. INTJ: Functionality &amp; DiscoveryINTJ: We think we are simple and everyone else is complex. Type: INTJ

a) - what I enjoyed most to least

Economics

Philosophy

Lab based sciences

Geography

English Literature

Marketing 

Business Law


b) - what I did most to least well in

Economics

Geography

Philosophy 

Lab based sciences

English Literature

Marketing 

Business Law (Lowest grade ever received of a 'B' in American college)

Intuition is the speed and accuracy with which you can recall the past, apply it to the present, and asses what is different/meaningful. It's sort of like deja vu that doesn't creep you out.

I think that is what people focus on when they talk about 'intuition'. The faster it happens the more impressive it might seem. Humans are the most intuitive species on the planet and that is a major factor in why they haven't all been eaten. I didn't mention detailed past memories. Loose concepts are basically memories so it could be wording confusion. I was also describing intuition as word not a function as the functions break down the concept of intuition even further.My daydreams go off tangents. They start with resolving whatever is bothering me, then end up asking more questions then I started with. Then I remember I can't go to work without pants. Both are idealistic, or more accurately both types deal with being idealistic. Neither INTJ nor INFJ are fond of their idealistic side because that it doesn't align with how the world works. It's basically a letdown if you follow that path too far.

To take a stab at your question, I would think you would see that idealism much more in the INFJ. The INTJ keeps that shit locked up under tight security. No credentials, no entry. That is a new one. I've heard the glazed over look or thousand yard stare, but if I am squinting I probably forgot my sunglasses. I would be trying to protect my eyes from the radiation being given off by the ball of fusion in the sky.
One issue is that the standards you peg as Te-Fi near the end of your post can be contradictory with other aspects of my life--I've been lazy, procrastinatory, and prone to go off into tangents while working for most of my life and am pretty bad at organizing myself while expecting that others be prepared for things that I care about--beyond that making me fairly hypocritical, albeit something I'm trying to work on, I don't know if that tendency to be annoyed by inaccuracies necessarily suggests Te. 

I can't really see myself as an Si-dom either. I tend to find myself entirely detached from tradition and convention (though not necessarily embracing the counterculture either), am mediocre at best with small details immediately in front of me, and have some difficulty working with existing structures imposed over me, especially when I see some easier or more convenient way to do it (I live in a rural area, so in the past this led to a lot of arguments with my dad over handling yard work)Comparing both Si and Ni, and especially Ne and Se as inferior functions, I think INTJ makes more sense for me--and I am taking into account that ISTJ is statistically far more common.I'm a mid-level Smash 4 player (Yoshi main, have won a couple small events)--especially since it's less technical and more mental (reading, spacing, stage positioning) than Melee (which, despite being 14 years old, is an even larger scene that I've tried and am terrible at) it does feel a bit Ni &gt; Se.Have gotten somewhat interested in MBTI lately. Taking both a functions test and a more traditional test gives me [this](http://i.imgur.com/7wTO4Yd.png) and [this](http://i.imgur.com/vUVvmLl.png), though on the latter I despised most of the binary choices other than the I/E. Enneagram is 5w4.

Looking at both functions and descriptions, INTJ, INTP, and INFJ (in some kind of Ni-Ti loop?) seem most plausible, but I'm not necessarily ruling out others (other than any ESxx). Information about me:

*20, male. Currently attending community college for both financial reasons and personal readiness (I had the grades to go elsewhere despite rarely doing homework in high school) and living with my parents. I plan to transfer to a four-year university next fall. Majoring in political science out of my interest in the field (and many social sciences in general).

*I was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome at the age of four, was in gifted education programs from 1st grade through 12th grade (based off a kindergarten IQ test), and am currently dealing with major depressive disorder. These could color my test answers.

*Outside my more consumerist hobbies (anime, video games--this Reddit account is primarily one I use for my side hobby in competitive Super Smash Bros., hence the dumb name) and a bit of dabbling in birdwatching, I'm deeply interested in both political demography and aspects of political and social theory, though both my depression and continued reading and thinking have left me disillusioned, perhaps strangling my student radical phase in the cradle, for better or for worse. Regardless, given my youth and intelligence, I'm not giving up hope for finding a place for myself as an adult.

*I'm usually withdrawn and distant from others, even those who I'm genuinely close to, in social settings, unless the topic is something I find interesting, something which also applied in both high school and college. In that case, I can start to dominate the conversation--where I have trouble pushing into a conversation, I can get rather annoyed, especially if others are saying things I find wrong or inaccurate. Otherwise, I have a genuinely difficult time engaging in conversation--I don't hate small talk or topics that I don't follow or care about, I don't know how to conduct myself in them, though my skills have improved somewhat as I've matured.

*I have a strong tendency to overanalyze almost everything in my daily life, which gets worse when my mood is worse, including daily social interactions. If only I could apply this to something useful...

Feel free to ask questions.
Welcome to the INTJ club.

On mobile now so can't type out my reasoning. Will probably add it in later when I've my laptop.The following are just my opinion, I may be wrong. I would just skip over those that can seemingly be attributed to a cognitive function but is probably not.

&gt; I can just be with my own thoughts and that's enough. I'll be at peace like that. I can spend hours sitting, reading things... I like analyzing the things that I read... what the words mean and comparing it to real life or something. 

Ni: Analyzing things, giving meaning to everything, connecting the dots, finding pattern.

&gt; I don't dislike their attention or company unless they are ugly people... by ugly I mean... crass, likes to gossip, or are mean. 

&gt; I try to live an honest life... choose to do the right thing.

Fi: Having strong personal values and living by it.


&gt; Like I sought people out to talk to them and swap stories... or have arguments.

&gt; I have a back up plan for almost everything.

INTJ traits: Not sure why these are attributed to INTJs or how it's even related to cognitive functions, but if you Google around, you'll see these turning up a lot in INTJ pages.

I can also pretty much relate to most of the stuff you wrote, so that's why I guess you're an INTJ, instead of a ENTJ which uses Te-Ni instead.

 * Being aloof
 * Not giving a shit about how others think
 * Very interested in exploring intellectual topics, as though to see things from a different PoV, to add data to your already vast knowledge


&gt; I like for things to be efficient. To me things in their natural state are beautiful enough. I don't need to decorate much because I enjoy things as they are... so efficiency over looking good.
My lifestyle is minimal and there's a place for everything.

Although this is usually considered a Ti thing. But I'm like that as well, at times. I would attribute this to a "it makes (logical) sense to be efficient" for certain things.

My INTP friend being Ti dom would really place efficiency over everything else.Holy shit. It's fking hilarious.What do you mean by learn from real world and figure things out on your own?

I realise that I'm using Te whenever I'm proving something to someone else. I'll always instinctively look up data, papers, statistics and cite them as reasons on why something is true. Whereas a Ti user would argue base on their internal logic. Because A implies B, and contradicts with C, so D cannot be true.

ISTP has Tert Ni. It's something that is very weak and is probably buried under Se. And i can relate to the description of INTJ more than ISTP. I don't think their behavior is similar to be honest.I'm not sure if it's related to any functions. &gt;.&lt; You must remember that not everything can be attributed to the cognitive functions. Although I love to seek out patterns, if certain actions can be attributed to certain types.

I view Ti more like a mathematical formal system. Start with a few statements that you know is true, and keep assimilating more information, making sure that none of them contradicts with what you already know.Going to start staring at people from now on.Yes but you cannot have both of them as Dom and Aux functions.Upon re-reading, you're right. I'm sorry. But I guess it was implied in throwaway07006's post.It just means that the test is inadequate to determine your functions.I call it passing the work on to the subconscious. Lol
They are functionally the same. 

On the note that expressiveness is always attributed to Fe: ISTJs are  still more expressive than INTJs. but this is more relevant to the ISTJ's Ne axisIf I'm taking it seriously:

I think its important for children to share the same quadra with at least one parent. This way the child can relate to the development of their valued functions. Otherwise, the child may develop feelings of being unrelatable, and not as valued by his/her parents.

For example, if two Alpha parents (ESFJ, INTP) had an ENTJ son, he might feel as though he was not being taken seriously enough, and not given the working freedom to develop himself/achieve his personal goals. Not to mention the inevitable communication issues...    I would bet $1000 an ISFJ would not spend hours and hours on MBTI. http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/SEI-ISFp/

Their entire function stack is one of the furthest from valuing such a system let alone spending copious amounts of time researching and trying to figure it out. INTP for Mulan? gimmie a break and take a step backAttenuates inferior Se through provision of energy (physical/mental), improvements in motivation and drive, and grounds me with some physical presence. Highly recommended for Ni doms who are hindered by lack of energy/external stimulation. 

I cycle it to maintain the adrenal effects.
To the supervisor, it's pretty obvious why the actions of the supervisee are frowned upon. This has to do with the positioning of the information elements. In this example, we will use INTJ-ESTJ

Most notably, the dominant function of the supervisor is the PolR (weakest and most vulnerable function) of the supervisee. The ESTJs poor relationship with time (Ni) leads to getting caught up in all this minutia, inability to foresee the far future, anxiety about perception of time, and a general short-sightedness. To the INTJ who represents  Ni, and draws  their strength from it, it becomes very apparent how the ESTJ is pinned down by his Achilles heel.  

The tertiary function of the supervisor (INTJ)(Fi) operates on a sufficient level. The inferior function of the ESTJ operates inadequately. From my observations, ESTJs have weak core confidence, little individual substance, a constant need for feedback/approval, and can be overly harsh, critical, and primitive in his ethical judgments.Well said,

For ESTJs INTJs, I have also noticed their looking for approval takes a form of looking for emotive expression or any positive reaction from the INTJ in response to the ESTJs. The funniest are the extroverted ones because they are so up-front about being childish. I'm talkin ENTJs ENFJs always busy with work and doing superhero shit and increasing their power all the time
 Here's a hint: an Si dom doesn't give a damn about this stuffSounds like you haven't encountered the normNFP snowflake is most certainly the norm. Open your eyes and go into the real worldYou should open your eyes and more closely track the comment thread/who is replying to which comment. I am/was always in agreement with your stance. Socionics takes the structural strides that MBTI doesn't have the balls to take. 

Due to its contextual factors (translation necessity, western vs eastern bias, being overshadowed in typology, and attempts to provide a comprehensive theoretical structure to something relatively vague) make it vastly underappreciated. both are pretty self-centered 
ENFP

bursting with Ne-FiThey are correlated. If you're primarily judging things based on their value, then you are more likely to be emotionally impacted by them.


We can see this in Fi doms, who assign subjective value to everything in relation to themselves.

 "Jack is my best friend, and I used to have great times with him. Jack door slammed me, so now I am hurt." (I am hurt because I valued him highly, and I recognize that total value has decreased)

If that initial value estimation isn't there, then I am more likely to be indifferent to the event. Instead of +3 value or -3 value, everything becomes a neutral 0; Why then would I care, let alone have emotions?

Without feeling, there is no value estimation. 

Without value estimation, there is only indifference. Christopher Nolan - INTJpicky eating habits particularly found in Fi-Si users. Based on both functional theory and observation. 

From a functional standpoint, deltas are the most prone to particular eating habits as their core functions focus on the subjective interpretation of physical sensory data (Si), and the impressionistic value (Fi) they assign to it. 


Very easy to observe in real life too as they are keen on their individual perceptions of food, tend to remember what they like/dislike, and stay away from the things that disrupt their physical harmony.

From my perspective, I focus on the objective sensory qualities (Se) that food has, and I see it as a permissive tool to obtain nutrition. I personally will eat anything under the sun, and usually run an intermittent fasting protocol eating only 2 meals a day. (IDGAF)No interest in social dynamics. INFP duhGhost in the Shell
Enjoy the entry level breadth of nothing that is business psychologyIt's interesting because ENFPs consistently battle the delicate balance that is their negativist nature, and what they choose to externalize as positive value to those around them. 

They typically clock all of the potentials they are able to see with their Ne, discern it all using their moral compass (Fi), and then frame it in a perspective that remains advantageous according to  the given emotional attitude. 

Usually the critical thoughts are directed to be contained internally, while the lighthearted inspirations are to be expressed in an uplifting and harmonizing manner.From an evolutionary perspective, the core advantage that homo sapiens had was our advanced ability to process information. I believe that MBTI was a cognition-specific, evolutionary adaptation, that worked to fully flesh out and capitalize on this advantage.

In the same way that members of a species have physical diversity, MBTI allows humans to develop cognitive diversity. Specialists within the realms of logic, ethics, sensing, and intuition (not to mention the different attitudes I/E), would now have focused propensities to maximize the value leveraged from information of varying elements.

Those focused on ethics/social value would have a greater capacity to understand the strength and potential of related topics e.g. child rearing, kin selection, justice.

Those focused on understanding  an object's physical properties and its applications might quickly understand how to shape and craft the environment that surrounds us into practical tools and weapons.

There's much more to be said on the topic, including but not limited to societal structure, specialists vs generalists, cognitive function frequencies, the scope of psychological aspects covered by each function, subjective vs objective, and much more.Feeling and Emotion go hand in hand.Agreed. 

The different lenses you use to analyze information, and their prioritization, are a reflective model of information metabolism, and managing the attention economy that is your consciousness. 

Of course if you prefer using your dominant function all the time, you are going to be more adept at it, much like a muscle consistently doing the heavy lifting. For mental clarity. 

All other benefits are auxiliary I think everyone is forgetting about Se, and its role as a confrontational function. 

Se users are acutely aware about power dynamics, and will generally address issues in a direct, and decisive manner. Agreed. Also stumbled upon your subreddit and respect your workI understand your concept as a whole, however I believe the ideology falls short when applied to the context of modern reality.

To survive in a society whose culture is based on independence, it is critical to adopt the viewpoint that only you are responsible for your own success. 

Day to day we act mostly as individuals. We are accountable for the consequences of our own actions, because chances are, we do not have someone at our side to hold our hand, or watch our back. 

More often than not, it is our own undervalued weaknesses that prevent us from achieving success/fulfillment, and not our strengths. To thrive in this environment, we learn to compensate and adapt for our shortcomings, because if we do not, we will never even reach the point of specialization where we can provide value.

Believe me, I wish I always had SEE by my side, diplomatically advocating for me, and granting me the powers of ambition and goodwill to implement better change for the future. 

The unfortunate reality is if I don't get off my ass, and show the world what I am made of (with a polite smile on my face), I'm going to disintegrate into ashes, having accomplished nothing. 

This is something I will not allow :)Agreed. I liked your post as a whole, and your particular point on submission of weaknesses as a prerequisite to harmony. I also think a culture of dependence would do more to promote growth and development -  I think it's a core concept of socionics. 

I've heard many times people against the notion of dependence/duality in saying "I'm not half of a whole; I am my own complete person."   
Not sure if that translates to "I have no weaknesses in need of compensation." I enjoy working with Gammas. We're all about the business. I think that typing children can be quite accurate, since they almost exclusively represent their dominant function. Fi is my core. 

Gives me a sense of identity, a subjective means of evaluation, and makes me feel like a self-sufficient man. So political.PoLR Ni. In short, [Leffen](http://www.ssbwiki.com/Smasher:Leffen)  [INTJ] is a top Melee player. He is extremely driven,  talented, and hardworking when it comes to competing and proving his abilities.  [[interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDq-kDbine0)]

However, [visa issues](http://tsm.gg/index.php/news/leffen-visa-situation-update/) have [repeatedly](https://www.reddit.com/r/smashbros/comments/4ha8yu/leffens_visa_the_community_holds_the_power_to/) prevented him from competing in tournaments, even with the support of the community, including a [White House petition.](http://shoryuken.com/2016/05/24/white-house-petition-to-freeleffen-surpasses-100000-signature-goal/)  

This is a perfect example of the [Gamma quadrant's complex of "tied hands"](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/448-Gamma-Quadra-The-Complex-of-Tied-Hands-by-Stratiyevskaya) 

Leffen is currently in the swamps because he is unable to defend his right to competing in Melee, his professional achievements are being capped,  his potential  hindered, and enterprise undermined by bureaucratic red tape. He is pushed out of his "working" scene, and is unable to realize his creative potential as a top Melee player. 

His latest stream highlights the main aspects of the "tied hands" complex and worst fears for any Gamma. 

Gamma Quadra is:

-	afraid of suppression of its business and creating initiatives;

-	afraid of collapse of their hopes and plans;

Specific examples between the article and Leffen include:

Leffen criticizing Armada based on past events, and being banned from competing, thus increasing Armada's chance to shine while his own chances were smothered. 

 Leffen "feeling tired of all the disappointments (continually being denied USA entry), begins childish talk on the topic such as "Why is the world so evil? Why are the people so evil? The world isn't fair".  

**Gamma quotes vs Leffen quotes:** 

"To sit at home, with their hands folded, not being engaged in anything resultative and worthwhile – is the worst torture for Gamma Quadra types."  

"I can't compete, can't leave the country, and I can't even drink because they have my passport. I'm basically sitting at home doing fuckall. No amount of consoling or support will help this torture I am going through". - Leffen

As a representative of INTJs, ILIs, and the Gamma quadra, Leffen's "hands have been tied" on his journey to being #1 in Melee. 

One last quote:

"Towards society Gamma Quadra types have only one requirement: to be able to work from the heart and the soul –  to work in supportive conditions for a decent reward. The paradise for Gamma Quadrant looks approximately like this: peace, calm, favorable conditions and good, interesting work that would allow one to achieve the highest mastery in a favorite occupation."In light of [Big House 6](https://www.twitch.tv/vgbootcamp), here are my thoughts on the player typings.



**Big 6**  
Mango: ENTP  
Armada: ISTJ  
M2K: INTP  
Hbox: INFP  
PPMD:  INFJ  
Leffen: INTJ  

**Norcal**  
Alex19:  ESTJ  
Lucky:  ISFP  
S2J: ISTP  

**Other**  
Westballz: ISTP  
Scar:  ENFJ  
Toph:  INFJ  


It's fascinating to see the players' MBTI types embodied in their playstyles, such as Mango's creative/unconventional style (Ne-dom, infinite possibilities), Armada's consistency (ISTJ), or M2K's analytical knowledge of game mechanics (INTP). 

 Hope to hear from some Melee fans!Calvin - intjIf you can't see his primary program is Introverted Intuition, you need more depth in understanding cognitive functions
I would say ENTP or INTJ out of the intuitive types; I don't know enough about the sensors. ENTP's can get so butthurt about the most ridiculous, nonsensical things. And INTJ's can fly off the handle if you offend their values (Fi). INTP's can have emotional outbursts at times (inferior Fe), but otherwise their Te and Ti make them pretty awkward in the feeling department. You're not wrong, but we will catch you nevertheless...You don't really sound like a judging type to me. You do sound like an introvert and a sensor. For those reasons, I would type you as an ISTP. 

K-12 in the USA was a joke to me. Even the 'advanced placement' courses were not really any more challenging, they were just more busy work. However, I do love college. My brain is being put to good use. Errr....not me. The *other* INTJ's are the ones who are upset. Yeah, them. 
1) Invisibility/teleportation

2) No

3) 7

4) 7

5) 10

6) NoENTJ and ESTJ so I can watch them argue and enjoy. If they kill each other that's a bonus.So the INTJ wins and is happy with the post and the ENTJ loses so all the ENTJs are mad now lol :-P We'll let you win the next time :-DSo the INTJ wins and is happy with the post and the ENTJ loses so all the ENTJs are mad now lol :-P We'll let you win the next time :-Dyou know people with an S instead of an N exist toothey say Fe is seen as phony by Fi but Fi is seen as extremely selfish by Fe... everyone thinks everyone else is retarded!

Sincerely,

Rational (keeping feelings at bay :-P)You're not her, stop comparing yourself to her

The answer is by being conscientious as you appear to be. Know what will harm people and what will harm you walk in the middle!

And never compare yourself to others, because it's the surface you see unless you want to adopt their good traits, otherwise focus on self growth! Revenge is more a pain for the self than the other person

TLDR: don't compare people with yourself and focus on yourself and growINTJ/ENTJ?No I'm not going to protect the ENTJ sorry guys I'd rather like to play all of them :-P&gt; It's a different kind of "procrastination" compared to the INTP.

Story of my life

Give me a good idea worthy of implementation and I can work like mad, but otherwise... oh well!saving that good for nothing King... :-PENTJs... They'd fancy everyone doing their biding lol! jk jkThat's why I didn't object on being queenIt's not as though I don't like them but they'd love mind control for some reason :-Pyou don't say that in an N dominant community!I don't think he can handle it without me given he can't even move two blocks in one move!I only read it because the INTP said they read it... you have to beat everyone at that. No? No idea what type I'd fit into :-PAre you from the enemy clan trying to make me give up on my kingdom? I have a commitment to my land and I won't leave the board till I conquer the foreign lands! After all what better way for world domination!!!what word?but but... hey wait was it a complement?&gt;just fear me, love me, do as I say

No thank you :-P what do you even start with... lol"I" is implied when I say didn't object!What appears fun to most extroverts I see as silly and wasting time and it somehow doesn't seem interesting! Is laughing what makes happy? What is the point of being bubbly anyway? If I have a logic for being happy I'll be... If my sadness is hindering something I'll put an end to it! Most of the time though I'm in my own world which is much more fun than it seems! 

Also if the same thing an Extrovert said you'd think they're just having a bad day but introverts are perceived as sad by extroverts!awww are you going to cry?Well I'll pull out one of my English-is-not-my-first-language cards :-P but thank you I will correct thatdudess*Let's distribute chocolates and everyone can be happy then :-P I'd think ESTP and ENTP capable of most evil
and least of course would be the XSFJs I heard an ENTJ say this stuff once and as an INTJ I've roughly this view! 

So yeah Ni-TeI actually don't bother with what I don't like unless something is right in the face... /r/intj is pretty decent http://i.imgur.com/Go2sfaw.png &lt;--- thisIt's more of a factjung cognitive function test and read cognitive functions!If it were just ESTJs or ESFJs they'd be happy and the world would just look fine!Apparently INTP&gt; supporting my own opinions instead of just agreeing with the other person

I guess that Ne sees a point in everything so don't worry about it... Not a bad thing I guess!
I can see how that is a problem lol!Seems like a nightmareI guess Daily Question!Once you read enough you can just sense it somehow, my generalizations (based on personal experience only and probably will have a lot of personal bias):

*ISTJ*: The apparently serious, hardworking, rule-following guy (wants to follow procedures to a t)

*ESTJ*: The football fan (mostly), has a quiet authority about them, does not debate or state too many opinions, follows convention!

*ESFJ*: The kind of girl that gossips but also helps everyone out. She wants to be liked you can sense that. If you leave her out of something everyone else is included in, she'll be really really upset. 

*ISFJ*: Is very accommodating, usually hardworking and probably has a few self-esteem issues. Worries people don't like her, likes to follow conventions.

*ISFP*: hardest to identify for me because I think they like being mysterious but bottom-line: they are cinnamon roles who like people loving them (I have no idea how else to phrase it) and enjoy the attention yet don't reveal much about themselves to others. They enjoy observing people and their interactions. 

*ESFP*: bubbly people (you think it's Fe but it's not), want the most attention I think and have and excellent observation! 

*ISTP*: cool people seriously, they are kind of non-committal, are stylish and can forget you exist at times but care if you like them or not!

*ESTP*: (not enough experience with this type)

*INFP*: I guess dreamy lost cinnamon roles (Have never met one in real life)

*ENFP*: Cool people again, jump from thing to thing, rather intelligent but not the hardworking type (you hear: "I'm bored", a lot) (Just have one cousin who is an ENFP)

*INFJ*: Serious, hardworking and appears aloof but very agreeing still, You almost always get a favor if you ask for one even if they know you are not a good person. (You will get what I mean when you see one)

*ENFJ*: Seriously best at manipulation... knows everyone's secrets and wants to get your secret stories too I have no idea why! Is possessive and smart!

*INTP*: I guess the don't-care-at-all's (Haven't met or identified one yet) 

*ENTP*: TALKS A LOT and is rather mischievous... You know something isn't in your favor but they'll still convince you to do it... Charming and hard to argue with. Throw the essence of an argument to the gutter and don't back down! State an opinion and then tell you how genius that opinion is!  

*INTJ*: Well me but haven't met any other so no idea!

*ENTJ*: Smart people who want to look smarter, strive for impressive public image a lot. Don't convince you instead plant ideas into your mind subtly e.g. "I did this when I was in a certain situation it turned out to be very good.", "Everyone who's done this has a positive experience"... Everything is a means to an end! Plus they do lie often about little thingsthat might be you being an extrovert lol :-PLol yeah but there's a *mostly* in the brackets and you should read my first sentence:

&gt; based on personal experience only and probably will have a lot of personal bias

and this too before you are sure:

&gt;has a quiet authority about them, does not debate or state too many opinions, follows convention!

BTW if someone typed someone based on "my friend likes football so he's an ESTJ right?" I will only have sympathies for their mental capacities and nothing I ever said would actually make them type right! First condition is actually having a brain!well I'll admit it is a bad generalization

ESFJ/ESTJ are very conventional people... ESTJs would be really into something like football because it's clear not abstract like chess, strategic and has a definite end to it plus it's conventional (everyone knows about it, nothing taboo about it) but other types can be fans too for different reason so yes as I said bad generalization but whenever I think ESTJs football comes to my mind so I said it!They don't like publicly displaying weaknessyes of course :-Phey you were the one who saw your type was in majority and made all those pointless rules so you can win and make us follow (ain't happening)^this*laugh*... was a joke... I see I'm getting worse at it by the daycutehe has a pointlollol it may come to this instead http://giphy.com/gifs/9umH7yTO8gLYYI'm sure most of it won't actually amuse you *evil grin* IXTJ*Okay ISFJ then although I think I do understand them it just is a little bit annoying at timesyes exactly!true for those I've met! they get annoyed but still give you chocolates, shocks me sometimes!&gt;People probably think he's an amazing genius psychic alien deep philosopher.

Apparently not conforming to social convention and being headstrong and introverted somehow gets you that and you have no idea that you have that sort of impact on people!it's terribleYeah but we still understand it's their Fe and this matters to them and that's why... yes it is irritating but I won't say I don't understand them!

&gt;Well I heard NTJs saying that emotions should never be considered in decision making

Yes true but relates more to ENTJs. I might be a tiny bit more willing to go in favor with a decision that is in harmony with my Fi1) INTJ - sure enough

2) 23

3) ISFJ mom, dad - I guess is an ESTP, not sure

4) Doing Masters in Robotics and AI

5) Nope not at the moment

6) if ever find a good match for a partner, two will be a good number

7) No

8) No

9) I hardly watch tv! If I have to for distraction it's usually action, adventure and sometimes comedy movies. Apart from that national geographic and discovery are one of my rather favorite channels.

10) yup

11) okay...I hate getting a normal on tests and I got it here :-/ What stereotype did I follow this time lol?I can pull it off with another try I guess, messed up the second part was still 15+, can beat that 25... I know it's immature lol... type is in the flairI have that goofy side to me plus I guess I'm unpredictable for a J. 

I almost always forgive the people that matter to some limit! Apathy after that, no revenge!

Plus secret secret: I am rather, well, emotional for somethings (A bit too sensitive/ emotional for those few somethings)I know one pretty well! You just have to look properly they are not hard to find!for friends: ISTX, XNTXs

Attracted to: well, EXTJit's okay :-PI like rainbows sometimes and bright colors on canvas :-)higher Fi than Te for sure, I suspected Fe earlier though until I could clearly see that "independent feeling"

Ne too (he goes off on tangent) although must be inferior Si, surely an XNFPI like his style too &gt;Though, I've noticed INTJs and ISFPs always seem to get along suprisingly well, sometimes even better than an INTJ with an NT/NF.

Nope! I have an ISFP brother and a close friend. Hardly get along with either of them!1. INTJ

2. last time I checked I was 5w4 now apparently I'm 1 sx / 5 sx (equal) with balanced wings followed by a 4 sp (I am not well read in enneagrams)

3. For Fi: I have some rigid principals that I usually don't compromise, I don't like to lie or follow what I don't believe in. I believe in respecting a few people that are more of a ritual to me than feeling respect for them every time. It's a stubborn view that some times hinders me from achievement but I call it morals

As for Se: It comes out as over indulgence in exercise, movies, eating, travelling when I'm stressed and sometimes doing Se stuff is simply pure happiness, I feel like a little child who got his favorite toy which is usually not me!I have this with expressing feelings not thoughts which I guess is Fi. So yeah Ti or Fi as the INTP saysyour flair didn't bet did it?

Ok in my terms let it state like this: nice flower and so many colorful petals wow!Okay not one of those INTJs who secretly love ISFPs and I've my differences with a few but seriously who the hell said you're boring people. You're cool people and I guess I'm to some extent fascinated by you. You people are stylish, have keen observations and the ones I've met are intelligent in some way and yeah great listeners too. Plus you are empathetic people who really understand other people and you're interested in people.

The reason I've a difference with the ones I've met is personal but I'm sure it does not generalize to all of them!

Also we have an ISFP in our group of seven ( others: ISTP, ESFJ, ISFJ, ENFJ, ISTJ and me) and almost all except me love her, I did too until she kind of back-stabbed me!Not 10 though you'll find most INTJs would disagree to that but okay if you say soI know what you're saying was just busting the stereotypes with you :)ISTJyes but Fi tertiary is pretty stubborn and may make him seem like a feeler and what he calls Fe may refer to being conscious of public reputation. Sounds pretty ISTJ to me too. 

Not to mention I once took an ESTJ for a feeler!lolI feel you trust me!Ofcourse I'm right lol :-PClose friend as in, in the group of my friends and she is friend by being my roommate not choice but there are things that I like about her yes but not in love with ISFPs... prefer ISTPs, INTPs and EXTJsLol I like my humor too :-PISFP? They are rather mysterious can seem as thinkers and feelers and sometimes too proper too.I think this is characteristic inferior TeI loved the INTJ one not sure if this is exactly our type's thing but I've always wanted this from when I was young!&gt;admitting to your mistakes is a great step towards conquering them

to yourself not othersthat's when you tell your flaws to a specific trusted friend still not publicENTJs I think are good at understanding people so they know the flatterers... They might want to boost there ego sometimes (negative times, during personal failures) but otherwise they are self-improving people and know who to take feedback from but they would hardly show their weakness to the general public!

&gt;Sometimes the best advice I've ever received was from people who weren't afraid to hurt my feelings with accuracy.

Me too and I have a hunch that ENTJs understand that too they need an INTX by their side maybeEach type has traits

i.e. INTJs are hardworking intellectuals with a vision but they mostly don't do well with emotions, public interaction and most often are not the most liked ones. ESFPs on the other hand are well liked, have excellent observations and enjoy having fun but they are not the hardworking intellectuals with a vision yet they have other equally important skills.

NTs specifically rank intelligence as very prestigious because that is often something we are good at. If you said a character is an NT because they're so bad at sympathizing with people or are cold-hearted NTs would admit if it adds up although it is negative. Secondly what SFs value is different than what NTs value and where they are having friends that enjoy and love them NTs are working on improving their skills so it's not that the ESFJs or ESFPs are not smart or positive I'd rather say they have their own different skill set.

As for:

&gt;Interestingly enough ENFJ and ENFP are really positively written.

N dominant sub plus it also depends on what you take as positive. If I were an ESFJ I would have been confident the way I was no mater what anyone said but I don't see ESFJs doing that often. You have to not compare and excel at your own skills or develop any other skill you want!
I have a hunch you are an XNFP... you seem rather sweet!

Plus you don't seem like a J or an S to me and not a T either! Maybe you're an ENFP if not an INFPjust my experience with ESFJs they are really loved by people but kind of are a little bit insecure! But then I feel that with all Fe dom and Fe auxiliary users so maybe I just don't get it! I just hope everyone is confident and prosper in what they're good at because self-doubt does no good to the world!It's really interesting!&gt;ENTJs jump to conclusion on 27 things, and most of them are wrong.

and sometimes they don't listen. I'm like: Come on! I know where you're coming from, just budge a little it won't hurt considering this might save your neck seriously! (sincerely: INTJ, spends a lot more time thinking then you do)The only self-typed ESTJ I've ever met was a really nice person. I used to think he was a feeler but he took a few tests and it was always ESTJ. I guess he was an ESFJ after all because he was so not a douchebag! 

and yet I hardly find ENTJs to be that either, just a bit stubborn sometimes though and they tell me that I'm more stubborn! You can't generalize it like that! You can say I would not want a relationship with an INTP but many people would. I guess it's you underdeveloped Ti speaking. I can state a lot of those things about INFJs but I have INFJ friends and it's illogical to pick on any type. 

&gt;Some things were; not being extremely affectionate or personal, kind of having a "rebel", stand off-ish personality, lacking femininity in a lot of ways

guilty of these too and yet I think there are people who'd really want to be with a girl like me but obviously there are compatible people and not compatible people! Considering you to be an Fe user you're pretty bad at itI don't usually like the idea that some type is not good maybe they are just not compatible with another type. My least favorite function actually might be Fe and yeah Si too.

ISTJs are bit too rule-following for me but I can say things for all types! The post is a way of almost asking for feeling bad about yourself! and the answer is No btwYou people should work on yourself but if someone tells you that you're not good enough as a person. Punch them in the face or apathy is easier. Oh damn it! please kick them once&gt;What's it like being an Ni dom, INTJs and INFJs?

Feels like having super power, greatness itself

On a serious note, The only other Ni dom I know in real life is an INFJ. I think we have a lot of hunches, both types. From minute things we draw certain same conclusions. Together we can look into people and sometimes we can see what's going to happen and hardly anyone else understands that so maybe that's the bond!Who said anything about acting. In fact, an XNTJ (i think ENTJ) was recently telling a story where they were standing far and had a feeling that a certain sign board will fall when one of the people they knew passed from under it and they kept watching and it did fall. Do you see an action here? Same here!I guess because Ne and Ni do not appear as different as Se and Si so Ne and Ni are paired together based on if you process that with feels or thoughts but Se and Si are present and pastLaziness, absent-mindedness, uneasiness when you are telling a theory Ti doesn't believe in!Well maybe I would've been Fe is the hardest to understand for me by far it hardly makes sense to me tbhSeems like you think you know more about her than you do. IXXJ I thinkI guess our faction would believe in secrecy and yet will know strength and weaknesses of every other faction, just in case. 

Also, more work, less fame and will probably accomplish most! 

Of course We'd have extremely good relations with the INTPs they can be really handy. Might be a bit wary of the ENTPs and can have some shared agenda with the ENTJs. ESTJ's and ESFJ's would be considered rather harmless, ISTJs would be really handy workforce and it'll be crucial to avoid ESTPs bonding with ENTPs or ENTJs because together they can be rather dangerous! 

In short, silently keeping eye everywhere!Yes, from time to time we like emphasizing that we are rare and that rarity seems in danger when subscriptions go this high!We're always invited when we want to be invitedWOWwhere you needed the people organizing the party to help you with that extremely important goal!you probably should stop lol unless it's another NT and you want a debatebecause 2^4 = 16

if you can find another defining characteristic whose presence and absence makes two rather different people. it'll make it 2^5 =32 

Plus it's not really 100% accurate assessment of any individual just big boxes to fit people in. You could even fit everyone into two boxes or one if you feel like itI'd think this might be a poorly developed XXXX typeThisSo what would you suggest? Just toying with the idea Mr. ENTJ :-D

Edit: Not ENTJ ofcourse trust meOh:

&gt;Intuitors process data more deeply than sensors and are happy to trust their subconscious and 'sixth sense', gut feel, intuition or whatever you want to call it.

&gt;They are good at spotting patterns and taking a high-level view, as opposed to digging into the detail.

&gt;They like ideas and inspiration and tend to have a focus on the future, where they will plan to change the world rather than continue to live in the imperfect present.

&gt;At work, they like to acquire new skills and working at the strategic level.

&gt;They may be seen as impractical, theoretical and lacking determination by Sensors.

If you know me you'll see these. If I was to be sure of on thing it would be intuition! I wouldn't like to appear defensive but I'm a dreamer, a poet, a painter and a ironical one! paradox. I would want to make the world a better place someday but I know there are things to be done now. I have met an ISTJ though and he's rather boring conventional compared to me. I always refute opinions and I'm an over thinker. ISTJs also take words as they seem to mean I always have a lot of inside jokes on the other hand and I love puns! seriously not 1% ISTJ I once gave it a thought but well noThen I might give it a thought. So yes I'm rather annoying but tell me what's exactly the difference between an intuitive and a sensor since being an intuitive, I sound like a sensor because at this point in life I want to be hands on and get things done (be more practical). Won't you call it sensor bias? Sensors have excellent skills but they are rather in the now. It would be envious if I thought I couldn't do it too because with the right determination you can do everything. Yes they have what you say but their preference is not that. ISTJs are people whose Ne comes out and they jump from idea to idea. I have hardly seen any saying, "I have a gut feeling and I want to do it this way". They are more like so this happened then and therefore I think we should do it like that. They are not the people to play with why nots. Plus they are super attached to their rules for some strange reasons. I like rules yes but only the ones that are useful

I don't want to fight I do get a lot into arguments a lot but won't a good argument convince you?I was types INTP at the start and it was a good description of me overall but looking into functions more I can relate a lot to lower Se obsession, Fi for sure and Ni is hard to describe but I can consider Ne too although I have met an ENTP and I'm surely not that much of a scatter brain but an ENTJ previously thought I was a bit of a scatter brain mostly because we were working on topic selection for research and I'd give pretty high level ideas and he kind of found it draining but since he was well grounded I went with crazy in the air ideas. On the other hand I seem to pinpoint things when I'm under stress or there's a need for something. I also go pretty high on the gut feeling I almost totally trust it. For instance I sometimes know this is going to happen and it does i.e. someone will trip or a baby I was almost sure is going to be a girl and I don't remember many but moments like that! I've good grades without studying a lot. Ne and P are known for doubting yes but everything together doesn't exactly fit in (you'll call it Ti) :-P I don't want to be an INTJ or INTP or anything I like myself the way I'm and with even my flaws I wouldn't be anyone else just really curious! If I didn't do bullets would you say I was a P?Stereotypes are rather pathetic seriously. Thanks LazyBones I like your name. I really don't want to be any type I like myself the way I'm if I came out to be an ESFP I'd still be great (kidding) everyone is great in their own way btwI have met ISTJ and I'm nothing like him. I personally don't get Si doms to be honest. I get why you keep saying ISTJ but they are the kind of folks who are regular, consistent and very easy to read. They'll do the boxes the same way every time. I was playing table tennis with one and we decided on having a game of 10 instead of 20 and he was so annoyed at the idea that we were still switching serves after 5 although rules say in game of 10 it should be after 3. I get things done yes almost always but to an outside person it seems I'm the hardworking type etc I actually play a lot on my (just finding a quicker way) than actually following all the steps. I kind of play on what they want to see to get my goals for instance I want to give a presentation and I might just use the adequate hand gestures and strong eye contact and right tone of voice and present in a way they'll find impressive. I only actually work genuinely on the things that I am passionate about! rest is a means to an end! Although I do have morals and work ethic just my own version of it!I very rarely think of being an INTP apart from the function stack where I do relate to Ni Te Fi Se. But it's mostly when it seems anyone would want to be an INTJ because I don't like to follow just for the sake of it and I'm awesome because of myself not because I'm an INTJ or blah blah blah. Also I kind of fit in the stereotypes of INTP and INTJ both 50-50Somethings because in the big picture they add up to my goal. Some things that I really work for are the things I want to accomplish, I want to be good at them and at the top of them is where I want to be but it's never easy.

&gt;Then, I decided that I knew what I wanted to accomplish in my life and committed myself to performing the actions necessary to make my ambitions a reality.

recently realized this but knew it always so yes!Hmm I've read a lot to a point where I can easily spot Te, Ti inferior too, Ti overall, Fe is easy, Fi a bit harder except that I can relate to it a lot! Si I can spot, Ne of course, Se too but I think Ni is hard to spot yet I once did that too! I fit in 50-50 stereotypes of INTP/INTJ and relate to functions of INTJ totally 99% sure but I seem to know less about myself usually and the more I think I know about me the less I actually do! Lol won't you call it lame to put someone as a feeler for their smileys? :-P
I have given Infp intp and Intj a thought but INFP not because I know an INFP and they are sweet people, creative, and usually want a lot of attention, they'd prepare small things for you etc I'm not that kind of person I have strong Fi but it's certainly k t dominant. If I call you an asshole it might not feel too good right?
As I said I am playing with possibilities... i'm rather open minded too... plus the right way to convince someone is by agreeing my friend not by disagreeing straight away you let everyone believe you understand appreciate them and then do what you want :-P :-) !!!

Edit: the ni explanation is not great I admit btw but this was someone I really cared for and I just kept being sure it was going to be a girl and I dont know what else o define it with. I know you or no one can exactly tell me anything really but it was interesting putting a theory to test already regret it sounds lame nowI did explain functions badly too. It does seem like magic obviously and it was a bad example but I know what Ni is it's just hard to explain if I started describing Gut feeling and all it'll seem wanna be so well I'll leave you with your views and and even having considered F a lot I wouldn't be an F because I'm not sweet, I'm not very caring and I hardly buy bullshit, I can burn a house and not feel anything and  I don't like anyone's attention either I like getting shit done. It's not something wanna be that is actually what makes me want to be not INTJ if you know what I mean! But I'd watch the videos or just go do some useful stuff, thank you And you are an expert on INTJ because? If you noticed I didn't want to hear I was one; the reason for post but now that you say I totally am. Common sense 101 pleaseNothing of utmost importanceEr, maybe when younger but I hope not now but it's kind of possible to do this sort of thing under stress or when in a bad phase in life. I'd usually think things through before I acted on anything or at least would be ready to pay the price of my decisions once I take them

It seems he's being cowardly first of all one should think those things before getting close to someone but I can get where he's coming from because he likes it and yet his goals are obviously very important to him so you were right to tell him off!I'm mostly opposite to you according to your post so as soon as you find out I'll know too lolSo if 2 machines combined bake 2 cookies in one minute than 2 x75 machines (pairs of two) bake 2x75 cookies in one minute. How exactly does this extreme rocket science differentiate between Ti and Te**Language** Mr./Ms. :-/Paradox but seems to be true&gt;Why are ENFJs often portrayed as practically flawless?

They are not! They have flaws like all other types and I practically have big issues with their possessive, insecure, manipulative nature when they're having a negative day but they are rather nice and yeah too sensitive!

It's an Fe dom you're talking about just stop and think for a second of course a person who wants to be harmonious and wants people to like them will be accepted and btw it feels like your Fe inferior is whining. You have flaws, they have flaws! (Case closed)huh! sarcasm calls for sarcasm not this seriously... anyways ok whatever!You people are cool. You hardly seem to care even when we are friends but overall you people are my favorite kind of sensors and cool all the way through.If you take it at exactly 5:45 am you'll get the best results

On a serious note, I suffer through the same sometimes. When you're depressed is not a good time. On a good day in a normal mood is the time to give the test. Also I think INTJs don't know themselves as well as they think they do so you might answer according to who you are and not who you think you are!lol No you might be one who knows. Don't go asking though people are really biased about one thing or another!I loved school even if I wasn't the best student but that was only because I could do good without working hard for it and didn't make it my priority!that's one of the traits of narcissism, no healthy type will do that! Plus INTJs have certain "morals" which they are rather stubborn about and mostly they are pretty good morals!&gt;I can't think on two independent tracks, but I can see them both if I have enough perspective and probably link them.

Could you say that it's the same as totally focusing on one issue at a time and collecting facts to support that one point of view until you have to revert to a different point of view and then zooming in on that one. sometimes also combining the two point of views and finding that this is applicable to some degree too! 

What function would you call it? I can relate to this but I don't think I'm like NTJ males I've met sometimes! Sometimes that makes me doubt my type a bit but nothing else fits either (female here)! Your explanation might help!&gt;I just have a sudden moments of realization

That's me when I'm stuck with a problem and talking about it to someone I can trust and there's something they didn't tell me exactly but suddenly I have this solution or a key to it in some way because of something they said! Although it's not philosophy for me it's more like actual problems with an idea I'm working on or some system!

I'd narrow you down to an XNXJ because I can sense Ni! All you have to do now is figure out if you have Fe or Fi!I listen to music to distract myself as well when I want to focus on actual world or when I'm doing something like exercise and don't want to think! (it can be metallic if I'm rather angry and want to get into depression, it's serene when I don't want to fully focus on my work and want some background noise, I'd sometimes just hear symphonies and even people talking on youtube if you can call that music lol) but too much of it seems to detrack me from my original goal so I stop when I finally snap back to sanity! Yeah an S won't usually bother too much about abstract thought so probably an N.Same here! I think you just put it into right words. It's a big picture and then you zero-in on the tiny details and those tiny details are a universe themselves but you don't go into it any further because that is the right amount of zoom that you require! Everything is small and everything is big! &gt;they all end in the state where their energy is most dispersed

That's interesting, maybe they don't want to suffocate and occupy a certain amount of space and grow but then they lose control and scatter into nothing

I'd be going way off topic for this sub but totally get it. Irony is my personal favorite though it's like here it is the same pattern repeat itself and they think it's new yet it is new too. But some things are pretty fascinating then. Though don't like getting too deep into it unless it's useful because theorising doesn't do anyone any good unless it's something tangible!well if this helps:

&gt;If an outer source does something terrible to another person, it's a lot harder to control.

I wouldn't be traumatized over what you were for a week I can shut that off! So it's not like you are more sensitive or we are it's merely different kind of sensitivity!same herecould be I said XNXJ!&gt;He is sensitive and none of our friends dare to insult him because he is so nice.

Happens with my ISTP friend

sometimes inferior Fe maybe this way for some reason.

Sounds like an INTP compared to an ISFJ!

&gt;never cheats in school

could be an example of Fi too but overall I get the point!Yes ^ this by EXFJs is really irritating! They are also usually the first to know if there's something going on under the surface if it even slightly shows on your face. Fe super power I guessthat does happen actually with my sample size of 2 though&gt;Are you really ENFJ? I see you around here and your sense of humour...your sarcasm...is so un-ENFJ. You are kinda dogmatic in your beliefs and seem to enjoy controversy

That's your second last comment on your profile. Are you sure you're an ENTP? Given that Fe is horrible for even tertiary or is it just something you're going on tangent about without thinking it through? Trying to demonstrate an awful Ne.

Convince me and I'll consider respecting you though as someone who doesn't come to conclusions without substantial dataThey like being the devils advocate lol&gt;I like seeing people acting "a fool" or just being themselves.

Now what it implies is not wise to stateJust kidding, apologiesWell sometimes it's not that easy to chill so don't push yourself there! My bad *cheers*Mom: ISFJ

Brothers: ESFP and ISFPI'd tell them to give the cognitive functions test before they see which type uses what functions.XNTJ

Definitely a T!Me: INTJ/F

Usually forget but it's a person I somehow regarded a lot (ENTJ/M) and I've ~0.001% of him still on my mind so remember a bit
 
**Heartbreaking**: "You are a different girl who lives in her bubble and likes it", "You know how self absorbed you are?" and after I first time cried in front him or anyone ever, he said, "You're really messed up" but I'm glad too, it was all that was required for my indifference to intervene and save me the ache.

**HeartWarming**: Same person, I was being a little self-conscious: "You're great the way you are, don't ever change" Thank you :) Yes thinking of honesty and integrity, you dear ENTPs are **always** the first type that comes to my mind! I, sir, salute you for being the epitome of utmost honesty, integrity and straightforwardness. Your PoLR Fi morals are to be bowed before. Especially when you're silently **listening** and not talking one bit and are so humble yet being so grand. I wonder how could one even entertain the sinful thought of an unhonest (God forbid) ENTP. Sorry if my honesty- unparalleled to yours has tainted your integrity in any way!I think you really did justice to that!It was rather obvious. Got an old 9 but rather glad to beat the ISTJ-here who was wishing for lower scores!Fe being an asshole. My Fi sometimes had tendency to **mend** a few selected **broken** people and got really stubborn about it. F's are true to their alphabet!Because you're looking where people didn't tell you to look and getting butthurt for no reason!

Another probability might be skewed perception!

Yes I know you wanted to hear about the mistypes but I don't say what you want to hear now!Do you know about cognitive functions? 
Asking is usually not the best way because more the mouths, more will be the opinions. 
What types do you suspect yourself to be?I thought of inside out (the movie) after reading yoursNi: Where I want to be, what I see myself doing, my life goals

Te: Let's do what needs to be done to be there

Fi: Yes do what you must but we're not compromising on these specific ethics

Se: I love this flower, it's so soothing to touch, I want to keep here just to feel itIronicI'll to put it into something simple and conclusive!

The four questions could be:

You prefer being who you are as a person (with the sense of right and wrong) or you want to be the person everyone loves?

How much value do you put in traditions i.e. what you've been taught and what you believe to be the convention? How do you feel about say bungee jumping? Rock climbing? Trying anything new?

Assume there's this new software that quickly marks the papers. Are you more interested in using it or exploring how it might work?

This is a bad one I think but there's a strange shaped broken piece of an object you come across what is your first thought? What are the possibilities or what object does it fit in?  Since you are so obvious I'd suggest simply to read all the functions and start with the inferior ones for each type to see what you identify with.

But I can guess on xxFP which is a total hunch!Just kidding, what was your type before getting confused?I don't like being intimidated unless it's an ENTJ of course in which case I try intimidating them. &gt; 10 minutes later - "what argument? That was a friendly conversation."

this seriously, people need to understand that more lolreddit is seriously not a good representation of us. I don't care much but technically categorizing all INTJs as pretentious is rather unjustified. I know where you are coming from though!&gt;I got downvoted into oblivion for trying to dispute it.

Seems a bit ISTJ for some reason lol.

Sorry haven't dived too much into loops to effectively answer your question.In the past it was becoming a better person. Now after having some blows to my life due to Fi morals, it's just to be successful, completely independent and someone influential!I really like you for saying this!Well it goes both ways. Most of my family is SFX type so I have to be cautious and mostly not even state opinions because it hurts an SFJ and  SFP will take it personally for some strange reason. I've met two STJs types and they are pretty stubborn with their rules following to a tee too!

So basically yes: 

&gt;You have to talk to them in a completely different way.

But the point being, it has to go both ways and people have to stop taking things personally! Yes if this bothers them it's a good idea not to dive in, in the first place! No one is going picking arguments with random people unless it's an ENTPs idea of a prank!That could be the case if you think so! I was right on tangent though! What made you doubt that? Yes those who don't want to debate and aren't looking to argue you shouldn't argue with themyes!!!funny!What if someone finds your CRAZY really BORING or say UNORIGINAL etc. Not picking on you just trying to emphasize the point that different people are different and you just have to accept them as are. Either you get along with them or you don't it's necessarily not that they hate life.

Overall crazy is cool btwYes most of you do.Don't worry about it and don't run after it (love/relationships). If there's ever a compatible person, you'll not even have to think too hard about the decision and if not seriously not worth giving up your goals.All the other functions are merely used by the dominant function I guess. Te is leading Ni in case of an ENTJ so Te does what it has to do while takes advice from Ni only where required whereas in INTJ Ni is leading so first Ni concludes and then Te is used to implement that and sometimes Te is also just a means to validate or enhance the Ni stance. If you know what I meanAnd that feels totally dumb so you can't speak unless you have tangible data to prove it and you don't always want to research everything unless it's important!INFJ? there's a hint of Ni and Fe in my opinion&gt;[Type Me] Not sure **what** I am.

I would guess on human but what would I know.

&gt;I'd much rather be alone than with anybody, even a close friend (which I don't have many of)

Indicates Introversion

&gt;I consider myself a logical person, and am quick to point out logical inconsistencies in people's arguments. 

Could be Ti if I assume you know exactly who you are and are explaining yourself 100% correctly 

&gt;I think I come off as a cold person, as I don't show my emotions, nor do I talk to anyone about how I'm feeling. I keep it all to myself.

Indicates presence of Fi and lower in the stack. But the statement can be true for all IXTX types

&gt;Psychology and philosophy are two studies that fascinate me.

Indicates a curious person

You give me strong ISTJ vibes

but before concluding how concerned are you about other people's problems and how do you deal with their say emotions or issues?

What is the big picture for you (just curious since it seemed vague)?

Do you know about the 8 functions in Jung's Typology?

How dependable are you and still how ambitious are you?

Do people tell you to chill out?

I guess the questions are pretty see through but I hope it helps :)INTJ more than ISTJ!

Introverted thinking is the knowledge for it's own sake and extroverted thinking is the knowledge for the sake of application in the simplest terms.The second function aids/advises/gives direction to the dominant and the tertiary functions comments/keeps check on the dom or second function or both and the inferior function can be a critic or venting out or hindrance to the above functions in different ways. &gt; I'm messy as fuck, and I don't follow orders.

Can say the same for myself

&gt;I'm unspeakably annoying to any TJs I know, just the way I am.

TJs can get annoyed over most things. I can again say the same for myself.

but I've encountered an **unspeakably annoying** ENTP even if I totally respect them it can seem like they're all over the place.

&gt;People on /r/ENTP even wonder if I'm not a feeler.

People on /r/ENTP are Ne doms you just have to consider the possibilities :DHow would you best differentiate an ESFP from an ESTP through mere observation? I'm really curious about this one!Thanks a lot. It's a helpful explanation :-)oh! you poor special little ENTJ snowflake, stop whining now we'll sort that one out for you ;-)For me it's about understanding the good and bad about someone and yet coming to peace with the quirks because you enjoy their company as a whole. Having an understanding of each other's life and giving each other freedom to be and yet being there for each other. I thinks it's like all relationships, a commitment, but more fun. You trust another person, you're there for them, you realize they can be idiots and you call them on it. You fight without worrying about how you'll be perceived because you know they can understand your motivations. You want each other to progress and give honest opinion even if it's harsh because you care enough. In public you're always standing for each other though. You know you both have a difference of opinion but you respect each others choices anyway. You love spending time with them and can share secrets and yet the worst of secrets won't make either of you judge the other.



**EDIT**: Takes a lot more than a second to write this btw!lolMeOh come on, it's not that bad losing a debate to us. Can't go into self denial now!Hits close to home lol interestingNot as compassionate as you, we don't care for group harmony or if a lot of people like us. You might see us as opportunists and self centered but we're good at what we do. We have our own moral compass and it's rather skewed.

When we care, we really care and you'll see it through actions and the effort we put in them but we're not good at showing it. We are our own critics as much as we are yours.I'd say Te puts knowledge into a system using the effective/efficient method while Ti respects knowledge too much to put it in a system and is concerned with the true knowledge. 

Te will be more practical I guess and Ti will be more thorough and theoretically correct. I also feel Ti isn't all that concerned with the outcome, they enjoy the process. 

Te is far more concerned with what becomes of the data while Ti is concerned with what data actually is.Really annoying chemical reactions that we can't figure out and can't get out of!INFP's are all about looking the good in people and they are Fi doms.

You could say trying to emotionally fix a person without even them wanting that is a dom Fe trait!&gt;I have to ask though, what makes you doubt ENTP if you can relate to everything about it?

the trait of being the devil's advocate maybe

Couldn't resist the punIf you're cool to the world (you really give a damn) you're an ISTP

If you are cool to most Te users, who'd kill for your well thought, well documented plans and excellent memory; you're an ISTJ Cool, I got this:

Ne=Ni (75%) &gt; Ti (70%) &gt; Te (65%) &gt; Fi (60%) &gt; Fe=Si=Se (15%)

Always wanted that Ti and Ne!Fe doms usually want "harmony" and thus making people around them happy makes them feel good about themselves (i.e. fixing)

Fi doms are all about an individual self, so they empathize with the good and the bad without trying to fix anyone!

My point is it's not about the attraction of the broken that differentiates Fe and Fi. An Fi who's gone through something that they can relate to an enormously broken person will be nevertheless attracted to them. An Fe who sees a self righteous person who doesn't conform will not be attracted to them no matter how broken.Yeah I'll agree not completely true, it was a too generalized statement, what I meant though was that Fe includes because they want to be included and whatever doesn't fit in their harmony equation needs to be fixed. I have EXFJ close friends and as nice as they are, my ENFJ friend actually wants me to get emotional without reason because I might need fixing, I don't fit her equation for something I guess and that messes things up for me!Don't say it out loud though, it's brutal to them lol, if they are SFs or NFs.Don't feel so sorry for yourself my entire family is SFs :-PsureIt's mostly either too good to be true or makes you want to kill them kind of thing!&gt;I'm not against open relationships or polygamy/polyamory but the people who've propositioned me weren't in such relationships and were obviously wanting (or have done so) to cheat on their significant others.

A non judgmental outlook is almost like invitation for that kind of people. Usually most people would judge the behavior pretty fast.

Also, as for what you're doing, just stop accepting that. Don't be too laid back about it, maybe show some disdain or have some. Be a little judgmental at least for the people who actually are trying to throw away their morals and effecting your emotional well being.   
(I guess that would or has worked for me, although opposite sex here, so apply the math if there is an equation for interchangeability) &gt;You know how Ni dominate types have big "EUREKA!" moments

Thank you I was dying to say that but I would've come off as pompous, sarcastic, arrogant etc etc etc lolNot getting over it if it has a goal to it. Getting over it if it doesn't effect my long term goals!Not us! 

Firstly we don't work on really, "what they believe"

Secondly, the OP said impersonal argument. I'd move on after proving you wrong if I know the subject or accepting you're right if I don't have expertise. Ni is about the future so unless something meddles with our long term goals, not us!&gt;There are two simultaneous scenes overlapping each other, both visible. Have you ever had a really potent daydream? One in which, for a moment, your eyes stopped seeing what was in front of you and started literally seeing your daydream? It's a lot like that. But all the time, every day.

I thought that was just me being weird!&gt; don't you have problems navigating and seeing where you're going or is it something that becomes mare active in familiar places? it sounds like a trance.

Not really, maybe not technically accurate but Se works subconsciously so we are subconsciously very aware of our surroundings but not in sense of observing everything. Just aware enough to navigate, may not hear you but at least I'm aware where I'm going and what for. Yes more familiar places or the places I trust to be half present!

It's more like the body I live in is a machine I utilize to navigate the world, me disregarding it so much probably has made it self aware I guess!Thinking about how it may look today. Trying to come to 10,000 BC within a month!

We are the ones being hunted down for being unorthodox!You poetic cynics!Maybe with her physically, quick and present nature and probably hacking skills you can call her an ISTP but i still like to think of her as an INTJ and seriously ESFP?I won't agree to "can see future more clearly" but maybe consequences of an action.

&gt;how do you feel when you can clearly see an impending doom or failure happening

Don't feel, start looking at what can be done or what is the best case scenario

&gt;(1) there is a possibility that you can stop this failure?

I'll see my options and take the necessary actions. I'll be in hyper drive, super Te mode

&gt;(2) there is no possibility that you can stop this failure?

I'll still do something to minimize the loss but if it's something totally inevitable for instance I can see a tsunami right above me, I'll go into deep peace, I'll like to embrace the end and when it happens I will want to be content and have done my job!

But then maybe my biggest issue is not being able to give up because if you give up you surely will fail if you don't there's still a chance.yes the sm **a** rtness I can see Most efficient way maybe locking you in the room without anyone and anything close to inspiring ideas unless you clean the room yourself!let's lock you first I think the fetish will be cured too!All parties satisfied then I guessDon't trust that test too much, we sometimes do not even know our own traits as well as we think we do. My Fi results were high once but only because I thought I had a high Fi, the tests are just too easy to manipulate. For some reason she strikes me as an IXTX.The best way I can think to differentiate is:

Ne : gives ideas (what could be), many possible versions based on already known data, i.e. Si! (Ne extrapolates)

Ni: gives conclusions (what's most likely), it's from the data that is around, i.e. Se, which is consumed to get an answer, like knotting many threads togetherDo that too sometimes but you do strike as more INTP. So, do you ever fight with people or hate fighting? How would you feel if someone told you they hated you? What is Ti-Fe sense of humor?

People could say, most of what you wrote, about me

moody and withdrawn usually shows introversion

overachiever and hard-worker would be a J trait, usually P's are the laid back geniuses

seems to be pretty opinionated; Fi if it's about values or Ti if it's about information or facts

INFJ maybe, or INTJ. I'm an intuitive so could be leaning towards N but since no data indicates otherwise, I'd go with that!Sounds extreme ISFJ if your data isn't biased&gt;Ti-Fe is kinda poking fun at things, sarcasm

O_o

Anyways you already know she's an E and you don't deny my J assumption. I have no criteria to determine whether it's an Fe or Te dom both can be confident, snarky and opinionated. Friendly and polite indicates to an Fe dom compared to a Te dom but I've hardly met a very confident Fe dom, they are always rather self conscious and TJs are hardly polite and friendly but they do seem that from a distance.

Seriously I'm assuming more than appropriate here but most close would be an ENFJ. You could add more data maybe or get to know her more.Well there's no definite equation to solve this but the gist of it points to ISFJ and since he's already an ex let's leave it there. I find ISFJs rather clingy too and they are not usually easy to explain a point to. Sweet, dedicated, self-sacrificing people but yes clingy!Nope Se is here and now, which is the dominant function of ESTPs while Ne is about the possibilities, which is the dominant function of ENTPsNe is not about the future, it's about what if, what can be, what if "this" was this. It sees more than what an eye sees when it sees the world while Se takes in what is as a whole and lives in the NOW.Wasn't this conclusion a fact, from like forever?Oh we see cosmos, the dancing atoms and more. Just not keen on sharing this with others, we don't want you to feel like shit ;)same!"!" best way to represent a cheery tone.

&gt;because you might get a knife stuck in it.

I'm actually hoping for that one in near future, thus the **enthusiasm** (pardon the sarcasm)proportional to how the situation made me feel, or what it cost me.Well I think stereo typically INTJ's are rather apathetic towards people but ENTJs believe in **correcting** people :P Thank God High Ni-Te is perfect ;)The first one was pretty much accurate although the questions were too easy to see through but that is the case for most online tests.I got the unclear one from similar minds once but could be me tricking the test.

John's gives me this. 

40% INTJ
13% ENTP
13% INTP
12% ENTJ
8% ISTJ1. Instinct/hunch

2. Extreme generalization

3. Overall personaEr..... O_o &gt; Also AB is useless.

What AB?I call my Te, big brother to that irrational Fi. Seriously that Fi is weird!ISFJ, could be wrong about I but surely high Fe&gt;They express the self that others want them to be in order to succeed.

We express what we deem fit and it's not a lie it's just not the complete truth. We hardly fake, just tell you what's relevant therefore the distance between public and private persona. Nowhere near interested in doing as others please. Maybe ENTJs a bit. &gt;Ya, I mean opposite letters

OP asked for opposite letter.
The do have an excellent observation. I think if it's about getting stuff done, maybe making noise, they could be handy but in the long run, I'll probably do the "door-slam"!that's what the INFJ is referring to. it's AT not AB. T for Turbulent and A for AssertiveNot well read in enneagrams but she is surely some xSFJ. E/I you can observe actually. ESFJs are rather loud complainers and ISFJs are more of the suffer-in-silence types. Apart from the good traits of course.Love the sarcasm ;)How unfair, not even mentioning Ni and Te. ;)**Oh come on!**There're are always outlier's in any data that are usually not considered when generalizing statements therefore, not wrong. You can say not 100% correct.&gt; They are terrible

lolThere you go...coolThe reputation is just as intact as always. Don't worry! You know ENTJ's they like telling people things.Contrary to the other comments, sounds like an ISTP to me. It certainly isn't Ni Te. It by no means, sounds like Fi or Fe. Se and Si don't give a damn either so yeah Ti Ne. Naah! Can't relate much here.The best one would be: "what's your mbti type?"

Try to keep things neutral though if you go for indirect questions. We tend to favor our function stack so don't go like: Hey are you a people pleaser!They all have square jaws don't theyOh they are just as sweet as the INTJs. On the loud, bossy, tactful side though ;-) [Yeah well!](http://imgur.com/a/mZm9q)

5W4 btwYup, small dataset but the two most skeptical I've met have been ISTJs.&gt;I will answer all questions.

What mbti type are you most frequently tested as?The poor INFJ one though, felt like hell in there!&gt;INTJ - morally bankrupt chill hardcore STEM buddy

Damn! Morally bankrupt? :O Are the morals fruitless here?

&gt;ENFJ - get swept into their crew

The pamper you, looking for your baby Fe in there.Yeah I get why INFJ won't be happy but dark humor has nothing to do with morals. Understanding evil or humoring it will not make someone morally bankrupt! I do have pretty dark humor but I've never thought myself really morally bankrupt.INTJ

24

hunching when not conscious kind of a family thing. Otherwise mostly straight

Enjoy studying people but usually not really paying attention when in my train of thought

I RARELY smile without a good reason.

&gt; **How would you react if you were at an office you have every right to be in (you work there) and someone stopped you?**

Indifferent, show my pass. Really depends on the situation and person.On that basis it appears ISTP. 

An INTJ will probably still probably show the research done on his/her part and there will be some text present.Why do you want to?your Chinese horoscope?

It's not a good idea to skip things like that, someone could need more information.Now now, professor_obsessor does say a few things about your birth year but yeah I'll let you be a mystery. Would that imply that the 1st and 8th function can be simultaneously high in order to make up for the 4th?

Given that, INTJs should be doing this sort of thing with Si and Ni but I hardly understand or demonstrate Si.

Also, if that were the case wouldn't ENTJ and ENFJ appear really alike and same goes for INTP and INFP. Given though only an impression of it is given, the surface should be pretty similar.&gt; INTJ's Si would be things like getting tools and placement neat and organized. I find that INTJs seem to have an ESTJ's level obsession with things like security and backups, just for the hell of it.

Well maybe it's just me but I go out of my way for spontaneity. Although you hit a mark when you say backup, I always just have to have one although I do take risks. Also, I do want things to have a certain predictability and at all costs preparedness. 

&gt;ENTJ and ENFJ DO appear alike. They are both obsessed with controlling people in a sense. INTP and INFP basically being the polar opposite; hands free "figure it out yourself bud" sort of people.

No offense to ENTJs or ENFJs, just my experience. My ENFJ friend is clearly emotionally manipulative while the ENTJ I know is more into subtle mental manipulation.  

A really interesting theory btw. As for ISTJs you could say them keeping focused on a single goal driving them forward could be Ni. Just to fit things in for the sake of theory.Thank you :)I'd say that's all actually pretty interestingPut up "friendly" big notes everywhere. Wash the dishes, no shoes in kitchen etc etc etc. It wont be specific. Have a friendly talk with him but let one of your FJ room mates do it. 

If nothing works, kill him. Also, you could say it just as it is and he can either get upset or know he's wrong, not your problem.Frankly any type can be shallow/self-obsessed. You people are great in the sense that you put so much thought into the lives of people around you. I could never do that. Yes the by-product maybe gossip but you are also the people who are interested in hearing a friends story and ready to fight for a dear one. You have uncanny ability to make people around you comfortable and can sacrifice what you want for the harmony. I'd never do that maybe that's why I find it fascinating, sometimes irritating but I respect you guys for it. I've had my experience with female ESFJs only and they are harmless nice people. As for comments, they are about everyone. We tend to get too stereotypical and say things and people say things about us but then it's said about a type and you're not a type the type is a part of you and in your control.Easiest way is to learn the gist of each function in a person and also how the functions are ordered in each type. NT will have N and T as 1st and 2nd function. Introverted J's have introverted perceiving dominant function Ni, Si. An introverted function is followed by an extroverted function. 1st 4th and 2nd 3rd functions are always opposite in polarity but are same in nature (perceiving or judging). Every type has some kind of F T S and N in their 1st four functions.
Just make a model that is convenient for you and remember it by that.I think I too would go with ISTP. He seems to have higher Se than an INTJ by a clear margin.ISTP's do have a tertiary Ni. Considering they use there Ni as much as we use our Fi. He does seem to have Se higher in the stack.I still like the Te description of "what works".
 I think it's not about believing or not disagreeing it's about not having a point to do so. As long as it's good to take you from y to z no point dissecting the facts.Maybe most intj's are perfect storms for chess. I never found myself to be that. Yes if ever I pay attention I do good and maybe can excel but frankly I don't really care and not really good at it. AutonomousSince you so generously corrected the picture I feel obliged to say it's **comfortable** not confortable. Btw, that's for lamely arguing with ESTJ while I'm concentrating on the movie. Now stop talking!Well it's really rude yes but it's like, please go away no more people talk no more, I'm done for the day, don't see me. Nothing personal, just like not answering the phone. Although I always answer the door if i'm sure it's nothing unimportant. On the third knock. Sorry!INTJ: 

BAD: extremely critical when give opinion (just realised recently) and kind of bitchy. Huge procrastinator at times. Don't express appreciation well. Never explain myself even when I'm wrong. Really don't pick up the phone. Door slam.

Good: get things done and good at dealing with shit. Real hard worker when it comes to it. Quick and have great endurance. I get out of my way to care for those few people. Give good advice (tailored and coated accordingly to the person to make maximum impact, for close people though). Don't really hold grudges or have ad intentions unless... Keen observer and always fight for the underdog.Nailed it!and cries. Deep down you're also a deep weirdo :PDoesn't know when to shut up :DBecause Sergeant CANAww... here! have a cookie ;)I noticed it back when there was another post like this also, this color is rather irritating! Ti is supposedly more logical than Te. Fe is more emotional/ sympathetic than Fi. Te is more efficient than Ti and Fi is more thoughtful/ moral/ empathetic than Fe.Te is more strategic or pragmatic but Ti is basically logic.

&gt;That sounds a bit biased in favour of Fi, and against Fe.

Did not mean for it to be biased. Basically I think Fe is affected by a lot of the emotional environment around it to make it more emotional. Fe is more harmonious and Fi is more principled. Fe is sympathetic while Fi is empathetic. You people are very dependable. Granola Bars: surely nutritious and reliable. yes I can say that for XSTPs. Something I can think of to differentiate between INTJ and INFP is: Would you compromise a goal, self-preservation or success for what you believe in or would you modify your value/ moral system to accommodate self-preservation, success and goals. Think about it, marks a clear difference for me.

As for INFJ and INTJ. I have a friend and colleague who's INFJ. Difference basically is that she's willing to do things to accomodate people (Fe probably). She's more humble, less ego-centric than I am to everyone around. She also requires somewhat less alone time than I do although when we are alone she tells me all these little things that bother her about people, work, smells even but she'd never say it out loud to many people. Fe has a tendency to put up a face for harmony same as Te has a tendency to mold to what works in the system to succeed. Hope that helpsI do sense Fe and Ti. There's a hint of Se too but than you'd go so back into the past. God you're depressed. IXFJ maybe but certainly a really depressed one. Libra - INTJ

Go collect your own data and see if there's a trend.

BTW if you want to further complicate it, there are the moon and ascendant signs too!&gt; but I also don't value my life very highly at all.

&gt;I'm so depressed and incapable that the main reason I'm living is for others anyway,

&gt;Sorry to be a bummer there.

Are you kidding me?

Do seem like an Fe user and from the three choices, yes INFJ. &gt;Love those fuckin bastards.

You know we could take it as a challenge to make you not love us :P Kind of ruining our reputation hereThat's why I enjoy annoying ESTJs. Pushing their buttons is so much fun. Sorry just talking about the arrogant toxic ones who think they can go bossing me around. It's there job to let you know. That being said if you see they are zoned out or E/I whatever that person is, doesn't seem engaged, that's time to stop talkingDid the ESTJ tell you to stop talking when no one else wanted to sound rude?

Type bashing seriously?I think I could simultaneously agree to you both. I wouldn't like the idea of anyone else's name on my composition, just not that kind of selfless (I own it) and yet I don't give af unless it serves another purpose for me.^thisThe only difference I observed so far between me and an ISTJ that works with me is that he's a bit more organized, follows rules/ instructions to a tee. For instance if I see another way to do a certain task that appears optimal in some way, I take a shot. He's more like, "no it works like this not that". He's skeptical about mbti and he takes hierarchy in workplace a bit more seriously than I do. Any orders coming from above will be done even if they make no sense and are not even directly from the "boss". I'm a bit more skeptical.

Si organizes data to this date in order to make use of that data in future. Ni takes probability of certain future outcomes it has deduced and looks for the most optimal option to implement. In that sense ISTJ's are thorough yet reliable while INTJ's are fast moving and tend to skip steps.Not me, must be an Si thing as the ENTP says.^thisMade me realize that I've never had a decent one that I can answer all that for. whoa!they are pretty cool *thumbs up*I got VDI-M (INTJ) don't agree much thoughHigh Fi types usually have strong personal belief system which doesn't always sync with the public opinion so IXFP I'd say. Specially it says it's selfish!Well you've not met many of us, it's IXFP of some sort.Perfect lol ISXP? The are pretty intuitive actually!the description you did give pointed to ESTP but given you think he's intuitive, introverted and feeler, I put an X in ISXP.So finally they put the NJs and NPs into boxes instead of NTs and NFs. Nice descriptions.   Given that N to S ratio is 25 to 75 (Correct me if I'm wrong I read it somewhere) it wouldn't really be wise to consider one is more gender specific since the scales are already tilted enough and also most common type among women is XSFJ

[This](http://www.slayerment.com/files/slayerment/images/mbti-mf.png) picture that I randomly found on google shows that about 28.2% men and 24.1% women are intuitive so I guess the answer will be no.For this subreddit On the right side of the subreddit you'll see "Show my flair on this subreddit. It looks like:" check it, below you'll see your name followed by "edit". Click it and choose your type. For each subreddit you seperately have to do it if you want your 'flair' to show.   I don't go into the accuracy of statistics very often unless it seems dubious or is crucial for something I really consider important. You can always conduct your own survey but you can never be too sure of human statistics, there are just too many factors to incorporate.Just a hunch but I think Ti users would be more interested in models like; the big five, socionics and enneagrams with all it's wings. I have gone through (taken) them all but I find mbti more applicable that I can make certain use of.  INTJ female. Yes I've often felt intimidated. But that is never a reason to back down and I'll stare them down no matter their size. Actually, if I feel intimidated I actually make a point to stare those people down unless ofcourse they are people I like and don't want to get in a fight with, then I see another option around. Also, I'm really good at self preservation and have excellent reflexes. :P Lol that's why prefer flight to fight :DYou Monster, sadist, psychopath :PThis is really adorable. Seriously!I went into binge studying astrology rising/Sun/Moon = Leo/Libra/Sagittarius and there are certainly things that you can relate to but then you go on reading other descriptions and you can relate as well. An ISTJ said to me that he doesn't believe in mbti because whatever good (general) quality you'll throw at anyone, the person will believe it (I'm surely paraphrasing in a bad sense). 

Anyways, my overall thought to this is you mostly become what you believe for instance it always says that Libra's are indecisive and I am decisive to a point. Sagittarius moons love adventure and although I would love some adventure and exploration, that is never my preference. So If you read a Capricorn moon and assumed it to be true, you'll find it mostly applicable. MBTI is not accurate either but the descriptions are a bit more tangible here.Yes mother, we love you too!Just went there to see it. Seems really unfair lol.All my fascination with ENTJs these days, I'd still be me. Same career, but maybe a few different decisions down the road, would have wasted less time and all.I want to discover the black hole or make my own but heard that can be pretty destructive so...went a bit over board didn't ya!Yeah it sounds not bad lolI envy ENTPs but then I remember how they can't seem to shut up and are all over the place. :Plol, stereotyping, get a cough syrup!XSFPs: Caught in the moment type cheating, drunk etc.

XSTPs: Adventurous, infatuation based cheating (they are super cool right? and detached? why so serious?)

XNTP: forgot they are in a relationship, experimental cheating (or flirting)

XNFPs: Oblivious kind of cheating, just got connected or something.

XNFJs: Er, some form of self-righteous cheating in which the other person deserves it or something, not really likely but it's going to be weird.

XNTJs: Lower Fi cheating, don't really admit to cheating and yeah very self-righteous (they can't do any wrong right?)

XSFJs: Is there a victim-card cheating?

XSTJs: They really won't seriously. Well, would never really have suspected that.Only if you'd asked about the most evil, but getting caught, nope, not us!Given most of the females are SF, it's fine, you get used to it. I just put up a face for a while and try keeping quiet. As for NFs, I know XNFJs and they are rather easy, they understand you mostly but in case of ENFJs you have to be a bit more on egg shells due to the Fe. I don't think I know any NT females around.I utterly hate it unless it has conspiracy theories or weird stuff in it.Ancient religions and rituals, yes, pyramids too but mere history with all those dates and boring details get me running for the hills. In French revolution I'm interested in the human psychology at that stage; financial gap and the brutality of the civilians (Gallows' stories) but I don't give a damn about most details. See, there is a good answer lol. To add to this; it seems to me that Ti-Ne is able to produce many more original, creative ideas compared to Ni-Te. yeah! because of course, throwing everything everywhere gets things done, right?Yayyy! what's the plan?It was sarcasm.You do know that most people's criticism doesn't really get taken seriously and if you somehow did become a really close friend we will not forgive trying a deliberate blow and it's done. Plus we do know how to get under skin ourselves so... would hardly do you any good.Nope, don't know about others but Se inferior kind of gives extra sensitivity to the real environment too. I personally have reflexes so quick that even I don't know why I reacted until a second or two after my reaction.Sure! :PRight! O_oWell we don't troll, we actually don't go near people most of the time so you may have to change the plan.&gt;People's changing dynamic of morals always intrigues me.

Put it way better than I did, yup!It's a good one!JusticeI was going to go on a bit offensive but yeah well. [here's](https://www.wattpad.com/20312947-random-funny-and-stupid-questions-to-ask-people) a lot of interesting questions you can answer.

EDIT: [Here](http://buzznigeria.com/best-40-random-questions-can-ever-ask-someone/) are even better ones.1. ...

2. No but I'd like to buy a high resolution, multiple lens camera.

3. Usually my friends because they like taking pictures and I like not being in pictures. I might take of paradoxes, details in objects, if I picked that hobby. I enjoy finding big things in small objects.

4. Not many but enough for experiences I may want to go back to later.

5. They are sorted into folders on my computer.

6. Never really invested time in photography to be creative so no. It is on my list of could be hobbies though.ISFP: Hippies

ESFP: Any famous mean girl.

ISFJ: The lady who bakes cookies for everyone and gives them for free

ESFJ: Social welfare worker who knows something about everyone.

ISTP: That smug guy on the skate board with tattoos and has hands-free on. Doesn't seem to really care.

ESTP: The guy one-wheeling and showing off.

ISTJ: Old guy who always looks sullen and is crazy about his possessions.

ESTJ: Your loud obnoxious boss.

INFP: Nurses, that girl who is way too fond of the lady bug she captured and talks to trees.

ENFP: An overly animated motivational speaker. The guy who hosts a magic show or something.

ENTP: That really smart prankster who always causes trouble yet charms his way out by talking way too much.

INTP: The pandora box that's really hard to open and has a scary clown inside.

INFJ: The strange woman who has crystal balls and all those wind chimes

ENFJ: The Messiah/cult leader who knows way too many dark secrets about everyone.

INTJ: No idea, never seen one but the moody, smug and stubborn guy in your class that doesn't seem to care yet always knows stuff. 

ENTJ: The person looking out through a glass wall on the 100th floor. The person sitting on some fancy chair in a suit, snapping their fingers together, watching you, thinking.sameWell the only ISTJ I know has a lot more people/friends than I do. Plus they don't seem to be a fan of apparently useless 'theories'.Ravenclaw/Slytherin Although slytherin are ambitious and want to get things done. Add some morals and they are good to go.Slytherin on pottermore with a lion patronus.

Although I did get Ravenclaw too. So it's a pretty good picture.I actually have been expecting that post for a while now, btw Caps are torturous. 
^ YupCome on! I don't think anyone hates INFPs. If they indeed were totally illogical it'll be irritation which is not hatred. Irritation will cause an extremely logical person to be less productive because their mind is getting effected/irritated. This less productiveness will lead them to depression and then depression will awaken their weak functions thus causing hate. 

Just kidding! Nice point though, 'literally' speaking. Hey, don't care too much what people say. We all change our observations every other day and every type is just as wildly criticized. Irony here is that hate is an emotion and logic is detached. So involving emotion (hate) when proving the other person illogical makes you illogical as well. None. You just have to look what they want to be in life and everything else falls into perspective. If I still had to pick one type it'll be ISFPs for being a little bit unpredictable. &gt;but I find eating a pain in the ass

Lol same. I feel the same way about sleeping and when there's something wrong with my health it drives me crazy because you can't just fix it. Only if there were batteries that didn't require recharging.  &gt;Does everybody else see how ironic it is to hate on INFPs for being "illogical?"

This is what I'm referring to literally speaking. I do not know the context of the post or what the criticizer said to OP and how detached or attached it was. And seriously where did INTJ's wife come from? :Oyes technically, but literally speaking 'hate' is emotion. 

and okay, I didn't read too much into the probable causes of the OPs situation.lol I think this stems from the idea of individuality that Fi has. Every person is different and as idiotic as it may sound to a Ti user; every person has a perspective that is true to them (plus truth can be subjective or relative) or something like that. Can't say more without the complete picture.

Tell me she's talking about some life principle or something! Here I thought Fe was weird lol&gt;WHO TELLS YOU THESE THIGNS.

It's magic!

On a serious note, I may not be the best person to explain it but I think it's basically forming a personal perspective, the ultimate perspective. like Ti builds maps of truth connecting the dots to find ultimate truth and I think Fi builds a lens, fixing the resolution to find ultimate principles/morals on which people or situations operate. I may be way off hook but just get this idea.Because it's not a fact, it's a perspective, a strongly held value. You don't have to comprehend it, because you can't decode someone's world view. INFPs are Fi doms, I don't personally go into too much of that introspection and all so I won't know how to explain their Fi. For me what Fi does is basically just filters if this action is something I want to live with or some standard I hold myself up to. It can be like a rule, like never lie, just that. I could have had some childhood experience or anything that made me realize lying is a very damaging trait and thus I never lie. blah blah blah. Yeah well!Yeah well, I don't know what I'm talking about either.She defines truth in how she feels about it. A value she holds close to her heart so yes it's objectively wrong but it may not be morally wrong. It's not even an escape just her perspective and no one wants to lose so maybe her perspective has no proof but it says to her what an objective proof says to you. Personally, I'd go with accepting her perspective than she'll agree to it being objectively incorrect if it is.That's probably as good as it gets. If you're an ENTP, you know Fi is POLR function for you so no wonder you're skeptical of it.There's a reason Fi is called Introverted Feeling function and not Introverted Thinking function. It is what it is, a world view maybe.Depends what you're approaching towards.I would say an XNTJ (ENTJ preferred) but I myself don't want to get out of my basement so. Let me know if you're stuck somewhere in world destruction plan I might let you have a portion of my plan.I'm saying ENTJsWe probably are never going to reach a second date then lol. I'd have some analysis of you even before the first one.I agree, I thought ISFP but I can also think how she can be an INTJ! Definitely has Ni and Fi! Gorgeous, love your eyes. Happens with me too but as much as I have figured you people, you want to be mysterious/unpredictable.figuresLol nice way to pick up someoneagreedand let alone answers such a question.&gt;Ah, you're the one!

That's my first. lol! Sounds really funny to read for some reason.ISFJ Mother: Her compassion amazes me. I don't think I can end up like that ever and nor can I tolerate to although I love her to bits.

ENTJ: Told me to get over myself and out of my head and gave a pretty hard blow but I liked myself when I followed the advice. It was refreshing being a better version of me. I liked having to work for once. Given that I hardly let anyone tell me what to do.

ISTP Friend: Stood by me in my worst and yes I've learned a little bit style and that words once spoken can't be taken back, to take things/people light. Also, if you're going to have a rage episode and then say sorry it's not the same.

ENFP Colleague: As much of a child as they can be, sometimes they are really wise. Say things suddenly that make me think. Made a few changes in myself based on that.

ESTP Father: Family matters the most. Because well to him it didn't. But I had an ESTP colleague and he was pretty awesome so just a bad case I guess.

ENFJ Friend: Compassion. How to deal with people when they are upset. *Hugs can help*. I still suck at those though and please don't stand anywhere near me.

ISTJ aunt/colleague: Their sense of responsibility, dependability and consistency is addictive. You can see they are tired, they don't feel like doing something but they still do it without whining. I do that too but for myself. They do what is required.

There maybe many other people but my memory really sucks and I hardly pay attention to a lot of people so.  

There are a few insufferable jerks. Don't know if anyone feels like that about me but overall it's a good place, to pass some time. Internet INTJs; frankly I hardly know any personally. Honesty is refreshing but I never read too much into it or try to adopt to everyone's opinion so it's just fine I guess.1. No

2. No

3. No

4. Yeah sure

5. I like having but I hardly use them, almost never. I kinda have it all in my head though the ticking clock that is always obsessed with what I have to do next. Keeps track of everything.

6. No

7. Think and do

8. Changes. I binge do something and then leave it. Work, painting, drawing, poetry, movies, exercise, reading, even travelling.Had the flair for a long time so not hard really to guess. I know you're an ENTP without questions even. But I think the only thing these questions guess are I/E and J/P. Lol yeah IXTJ part is right. I believe you but worth a shot.Yes why wouldn't I be an E and a P given I had no for answers that determined extroversion or spontaneity.No just a bit of jerkish sarcasm. Nope not an ENTP. Where did you get the E part really? I'm hardcore introvert like 99%.  Pretty much :PInteresting point. Sorry got you wrong.Hey the ones I know talk so much and have so many connections and they like have a link everywhere.

Yes the changing hobbies and not having a planner do say P. Point received.Naah not that understanding or selfless. Lol. I talk crazy with like one or two people but it's like after ages. Plus i'm super focussed when i'm doing something but I move on after i've done it, it's over. I don't know what function that would be that's why I have so many hobbies.Nope INTJ! There wrote that down.Well, i'm also not good with idea generation as much as Ne's are. Ni dom, but not psychic.Yeah. Plus I think my Fi is rather developed so you weren't that off the hook.yeah wellWow, love it. Perfectly *brutal*I'm very adamant and I don't do everything a person, superior (in intellect, wisdom or work) says. I just respect them a lot and listen to what they say. I still have my opinion and they are humans, they can go wrong as well. Yes I keep a very open mind because it's an opportunity to learn and how many of those you get really. I'm grateful when I meet people who can really teach me. It's a bonus if they're brutally honest in a constructive manner.  Kind of like they're looking right through you. They know what's inside, what's going on. There's this intense, slightly obscure, observant look. There's something ancient about it. In case of the only Ni-dom I know. She's an INFJ. We can communicate with mere glances at times.I hate it but in the first few seconds that I meet someone, I've pretty good analysis on them and I hate that this makes me kind of close minded but i'm hardly ever wrong. But I think you mean a vibe you get and you don't know exactly what to do with it. It's weird.&gt;Se dom friend who notices everything at all times points out my hair is half a shade different than it was last week. I didn't see until someone else mentioned it hours later that she had her super curly hair straightened. Great, she probably thought I didn't say anything because I thought it was ugly

&gt; I regularly look for things that are in my hand

These are the ones I can relate to. I think I have better developed Se for some reason. Some of the others were a problem a few years back but not now.psychic Ni :Pyes you'll get better. It actually starts nagging at you at some point and then you start fixing the damn thing.I can't totally relate. I can see how it'll appear in IFPs, EFJs and ETJs but I can't really relate.Well I hardly see Se in ENPs. I can see how Ti doms appear to have Fi and how ETJs appear to have Fe but nothing more.Makes a bit more sense but how I see my Se, it's over aware of the environment or oblivious but I still enjoy Se related activities even if I have to push myself. I hardly over compensate for my health but yes I prefer to learn from experience so that maybe Si.I could lend mine. It just slows me down. that's a pretty bad chart even by theory.I did read those, it's not comprehension but the analysis that I find strangeNi isn't famous for mind blowing ideas, that's Ne which has innovative out of the blue ideas. INTJs have more like a vision, a premonition at times and they believe in it. It's not always what appears to be true or what equates sometimes we know that even if the equation doesn't add up to things, they'll definitely workout the way we know they would. That's also one of the reason we appear arrogant and not very factual to some types.Well I like your description. Although seeing 'as is' is not totally conscious, it's more of poking hole in the current design till the better one pops inside our heads. Also, I don't give a damn if the president did it but I won't go any further. Since if I have to perfect God's design than I'm already His design and I don't like to think of myself as defective. :-P

TL:DR **lol**I'd agree. Also when preference for Te increases, Fi is drilled down and Se becomes almost necessary. But the transformation would require something drastic and the person will be way outside their comfort zone./r/iamverysmart same here&gt; INTPs like to solve problems rather than ponder and sympathize with them like INTJs often do. 

Nope, INTP's want to understand the problem, know everything about the problem, dissect the effing system and come up with a precise summary of the whole system. INTJ's fix the problem. That's why you explain what went wrong while we bring you the bandage.The INFX's are surely going to put you in jail even if the bunny was a stuffed animal.did you put the idea in their mind in the first place?Lol it's other tj's that lecture we just keep a sullen face fix the person like some other problem and get out of there. This is nice description.haha nopePopular but in a lone wolf kind of way. No one messed with me, a lot of people came for advice and I messed with no one without reason.Sometimes /r/ENTJ

Just enjoy reading stuff there, can pick up some good advice once in a while but that you can do anywhere so no real reason.Playing absolute dumb and twisting my words and asking lame questions.yes this.Haah another month of people relating /r/INTJ to /r/iamverysmart

Poor guy, still hasn't learnt how to brag without sounding like a total idiot.Frankly I can't even see Se in ENXPsLove the INTJ oneGo in front of the mirror and do the inspirational speech thing of yours. Tell that depressed person to cheer up because you rock. That's a very inefficient way to write it you know.

Depends on "inefficient".Depends on what you mean by exactly?RIP *Death caused due to overdose of analysis paralysis of semantics*It's so sophisticated and classy.ESXX in real world with real people and experiencing 'the world'

ISXX doing some artsy shit or whatever real world, lone-wolf hobby they have

ENXX analyzing people and everything around like hell. Philosophizing the shit out of people and then feeding everyone those theories.

INXX on reddit while eating last night's food and reading a book.Depends on accurate :-PLet's go hiking tomorrow, I love that stuff. Btw internet is cool stuff tooYeah cold is a problem. You could always go bowling etc. That stuff is fun too. Or get some canvas and throw paint all over and drive a bicycle on it. I can guarantee it'll be fun.It's your Ti and that stuff I wrote is overly generalized and humorous. It is by no mean authentic, just my thoughts.

Also because Se would never approve of yesterday night's food.The difference would be that the ESTP themselves broke the bulb during one of their adventures and there would be two of them fixing it instead of one because well, show off :P

As for ESTJ, one to order the first person that comes to sight. Most probably it's another SJ coming to their aid. Ah! And there goes the perfect answer &gt;TBH I think the ENTJ sub is pretty much perfect

Given the OPs description and this statement, here's my "LOL"&gt;I've learned from Stoicism.

I've observed this a lot in you people and this may be inferior Fi. It sometimes baffles me how you people are said to be extroverts yet you are so stoic, quiet, calm (unless of course when dealing with your minions :P). It's like hitting a wall, you can see the insides and yet there's this quiet, lack of expression, yet maybe the strong presence does it all. Given that you people are arrogant and self-centered, there's an air of selflessness too and seriously the way you actually care enough to understand people around you is almost envious. I have no idea how we actually come across but in you people I can see the exact balance of the soft and the hard  (to the extremes) coexisting.No but that's because we like fixing problems and for that, there must be problems :DYeah this^Favorite Boss: XNTJ

Best kind of Colleague: ISTJs

Just Friends: XNTJ, XNFJ, ISTP

Appreciate the humility of: XSFJs

For brainstorming: XNTP

Attracted to: ENTJ (excluding the power struggle) &gt;&gt; ESTP&gt;Can go both ways: INTJ

Yes it's either head or tail in a fair coinNo problems are prerequisite for solving problems and having problems causes negativity.Wow, I was expecting some detailed results it only mentioned my type. It is a good one btw!Did you just reword what I was saying.Actually I think that was my conclusion: solving problems require problems and problems cause negativity so yeah negativity is basis for solving problems.I'm so tempted to try. Tell me it's not made up and you can do it in real.yeah I did it and succeeded obviously!Because problems themselves are technically not a positive thing. Problems that you can't solve make you feel bad, when you feel bad there is some touch of negativity. I actually skipped the part where I mention most problems posted on our subreddit are not technical but somehow relating to emotions or everyday interactions. Technical problems on the other hand hardly are a cause for negativity since they are easily handled.Yeah, I do generalize too much. For the sake of using stuff at times.24ATM and next 5 years are packed so I'll probably get married in my 30's that is if I ever find someone I want to be married to.

Why not? It's complicated, painful and my general mistrust of people but mostly because I'm a moody person who won't do what she knows she doesn't want to or can't and also I wasn't somewhere in my life, I couldn't jump into things and make messes when I didn't have my shit together. I also am not up for drama and I kind of fall hard for people I do and them being the wrong ones causes problems for me overall. The kind I suck at solving. Doesn't mean I've not made wrong choices so far.

&gt;I do enjoy being single, I just don't want to be forever.

My life timeline didn't exactly go as planned but well I share the same sentiment.In my mind I share 100% but in real life it's far below 100% because I'm extremely independent and very rarely share things that bother me or general things. I have sudden bursts where I talk but mostly I'm extremely quiet. Also, it's mostly theories and the required stuff. I am a great listener though because it saves me the trouble of speaking. No I think negativity is a temporary state that is caused by having to live with some unwanted results but you can make it constant by not doing anything about things that are causing the negativity in the first place. More of a thing that comes and goes. It's a state of mind and you control the mind so it's upto you mostly.Well I fully understand that ENTJs differ a lot among themselves, this was something I observed constantly. I'm in for all the individuality but categorizing ppl a little helps in interacting with them. I actually am a lot more tolerant of ppl's behaviour. Also, I know it's not interchangeable but I realised it won't hurt if I said it as it is. As for slippery slope of prejudice, well I categorize ppl from afar and observe everyone nonetheless but in individual interactions it doesn't even come into play. It's more for maybe remembering ppl or giving them benefit of he doubt because putting traits on ppl as soon as see or interact is almost unconscious for me. Although if it comes across this I may have studied too much mbti and may need a new hobby.I have come across both but it being only a hobby I have not read too much into it. I do have some idea just not the in depth reading for socionics and enneagrams.

Also, it doesn't do much in real life for me except for getting an idea on more people, given I hardly interact with a lot of ppl and there certainly are a lot of factors involved so yes you get prejudiced once in a while but it's not with ppl you'd like otherwise anyway. Also, generalization vaporize once you get to know someone on a personal level, overall no harm done but I'll give weight to what you said, it's a good point. Stereotyping too much will be wrong of course.It's not exact science really. It has helped me accept ppl more I was good at figuring out before mostly. It is a 'useful' theory if you don't make it your bread and butter and it is interesting too. Helps a little, adds some perspective but helps only so far.or you could just ignore it!Okay I don't but for the sake of this post and because my mind needs distraction:

Fe: turquoise/ baby blue

Fi: saphire blue/scarlet (hard one)

Te: metallic grey

Ti: emerald green 

Ne: fuscia/ strawberry pink

Ni:  graphite black

Se: bright yellow

Si: coffee/chocolate brownWe take bigger leaps, they run faster.you do know it exudes a pungent smell when it starts decaying.&gt;INTJs may be stuck in planning mode for an unnecessarily long time

That's not really true, in Ni-Fi grip analysis paralysis may occur but having higher Ni also means picking up on things quicker. The difference is mainly that our Ni is stronger than Te so we know we are good at planning therefore instead of one course of action we have many courses of action including backups. ENTJs on the other hand know that their Te is stronger so they have one course of action and they vary their mode of action on that course. The reason ENTJs appear to be more successful is because our metric of success is also different to theirs. I for instance hate being center of attention. I am just as competent, often when I speak I impress people and I work great but I like to keep in shadows and then get out at the end and show for it but I will still tone it down. ENTJs on the other hand will stay in the spot light all the while so they appear to be more successful. They love being in charge and most INTJs usually don't prefer it.

As I said in my other comment that ENTJs run faster while INTJs take bigger leaps.Scientists take and analyze past data (Si) and then extrapolate on it, augment something new to it (Ne). So ISTJs are in my opinion actual scientists. INTJs work slightly more on hunches. INTJs are better at out-of-the-blue discoveries for which basis is found after the hunch is in place. Both are a good fit for research in different ways but I've always considered ISTJs to be the actual scientists.

Also, with the stereotypical ISTJs consistency, perseverance and attention to detail they can beat anything. I actually have a lot of respect for the folks. My only issue being their extreme aversion to risks, which slows down their pace.

So there your worries should go. Plus it is not what the internet says, it's what you think you're good at, that matters.you're reading too much into stereotypes. Probably feeling insecure because of some failure or something else. Play to your strengths and also read more about cognitive functions. You dictate yourself not some pseudo theory. Every type is capable of making hunches,and this:

&gt;It's the "out-of-the-blue discoveries" that I want to make though

hasn't happened to me so far. So, mostly stereotypes. You can mourn or do something about the made-up issue you know. If you were an INTJ/INTP you would be no different person, you'll procrastinate and also feel like shit on days and probably not make discoveries either but you won't even get to learn all the stuff that is already there too. Sorry for being blunt but you're using mbti for exactly the wrong reason. ISTJ doesn't fit the mold, make something else fit.  ISFPs are very intuitive as well, if you ever happen to meet one you'll see. They just prefer Se slightly over Ni. Same place that INTJs have Fi. Our Fi is by no means weak just not preferred.

Try typing yourself with functions and not the four letters. It'll help you get more self-aware and reach at a productive conclusion.^ Agreed uponFather: ESTP (Never got him to take the test so my analysis)

Mother: ISFJ

Oldest brother: ISFP

Me: INTJ

Younger brother: ESTP

Not very well understood but I'm pretty private and most my family is introverted so it's cool.&gt;Truth be told I get more done by myself

Based solely on this line I'd say INTJ. ENTJs delegate more although they are fully capable of doing things efficiently on their own. Planning world domination, no time for petty jokes! *smug face*Fi: originality, a different perspective

Fe: harmony, glue that keeps groups together

Se: adrenaline, experiences life to it's core, dives in

Si: stability, dependability, structure

Ti: expertise, The complete understanding of the system

Te: Efficiency, A guide to solutions; broken down into simple steps

Ne: ideas, inspiration

Ni: insight, a single conclusion
I like this description.figures lol :PAll the time. After all I always need expert advice.PoLR Ni would alienate them from psychology or something? How so?&gt; I'm actually kind

Are you? &gt;sought of will

sort* of you mean?

Yes that's, I'm going to kill you if you don't shut up, lookSeriously, no one hates an entire type, it's just, that types don't get along. I know a few ESFJs, I don't get along with them but the issues, in each case are different. One of them has serious anger issues and unnecessary aggression is not my thing, another has a toxic ESFP mother and everything gets translated to something entirely different and she is too naive to know what to say and what not to say. The third ESFJ I really like but she has such a big social group and she is rather outspoken and I'm private so it isn't convenient. There are such things with every type. Any mature mbti type understands the differences and appreciates it and yes you can't get along with everyone because the preferences are simply different in life but it has nothing to do with hate.

I exchange nodes, smiles and sometimes a hi with the ESFJs in my life and consider it good terms. As for the thread, it's an unwise way to say things. I do find them dramatic and that is why I tend to keep quiet in their presence but they have positives I admire as well and I'm sure they find me secretive and cold and whatever it is. It's not hate just two types not getting along all the time.[Same content as this post, a few days back](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/60loaj/poll_your_genetic_parents_mbti_your_mbti_and/). 

You might find this usefulNot really but then I know I'd never want to be anyone else.You're welcome. I certainly don't envy it but good for her, she's a very nice person overall that's why I like her. Too much voices or people overwhelm me way too much.LolAnd here I thought Fi inferior would fix so much. I don't like the tertiary Fi.&gt;I don't procrastinate

I knew there was something alien about your type.And conciseness!

And exclamation marks!Saying it as it is, the confidence (insecurity makes people jealous and all that weird stuff), independence, self-sufficiency, endless drive, how easy it is to pick various concepts and theories, no drama. 

I do resent the superior Te a little at times and sometimes the original ideas of Ne, but that's just because I'm just not doing up to my expectations and it's easier to blame the functions.  Otherwise our type rocks. Glad you asked to brag! I've seem them get along pretty great specially Fe and Te doms. auxiliary Fe and Dom Te, maybe not so famously but don't have large data for those. hard to see your 8th function!I have no idea how that got there. I only eat chocolate anyway. Must be some conspiracy.Because 8thOkay generalizing in response to your generalization:

As someone already said, maybe because we want a perfectly moral world and we are painfully aware of how the real world is i.e. not moral and we also understand why it is that way and if it can be fixed. We actually understand the demons and yet we are idealists.what if all the off springs are ISFJs? Not to mention with a single father, er what exactly does your new world consist of, step brother and sisters? You've got to think this through.Yeah everything is pretty much hopeless in our case. Yeah well the probability of ISFJ-ISFJ pairing resulting into ISFJ offsprings is pretty high so a better approach might be using some of the original off springs from ENTJ-ISFJ mating to pair up with the pre-selected ISFJ males. Brainwashing won't change the mbti type. Also, maybe you could invent some technology that modifies the genes for other types. Make sure that not too many ENTJs are produced though. You don't want too many of those in one den. Good Luck! No source, I just think it's more probable. I can go on and on about why I think it's probable but I won't be able to provide any solid evidence. Well have fun in your world.yes and their self-sacrificing nature.  They are witty, smart, have BIG ideas and lots of them with that. They are great talkers, charm their way out of situations. 

I just don't like when they try making jokes at other people's expense, it's not that hidden, I personally find it annoying and I resent it way too much. Otherwise, really smart, interesting individuals.

EDIT: Also, I find that you people are not really vindictive. Trolling, yes! But long term plans for other people's destruction, not so much!you should take that seriously when INTJs 'think' they're being serious. No seriously!Ever considered ISFP or ENFP? they are pretty different types but I get the vibes from your conversation. Could be wrong.lol :DIt's funny and interesting yes but if one more ENTP tries to pull a pun trying to derail me from the argument with completely irrelevant stuff or pull a joke when I'm solving an problem or talking about things I need to get over with, mind you!blowing it out of proportions friend. 

You people can day dream while I'm forming the ultimate plan for world domination.God you sensitive, romantic, warm beings. You made me cry in here!&gt;I day dream about already ruling the planet.

Delusional *Pro!* No I don't mean that kind of humor. I mean the one intended to take a shot on someone and not thinking it's obvious. Jokes at someone's expense to the audience is what annoys me. But yeah I get where you're coming from. That could be the whole point.The passive-aggressive is rare but is there sometimes but no not generally. I'm not talking about the good hearted humor either though but I am not great at reading people's moods so. what about Fi annoys you? have an ENTP that I want to really really annoy lol.Not enough trolling material lol but I get why it might be annoying.&gt;INTJ: Assembling the world's greatest library. But the peasants burn it to the ground.

That's actually not even funny. Kind of painful!The ISFP I know are pretty outgoing and kind of enjoy places and people. The're just not as outgoing as ESFP and seem to have a slightly reserved look to them.You know a lot of people.

BTW nice post! And I agree at least I know I've done really stupid things. Also, you should counsel the ENTP, ENFJs know how to get under the skin when they want because they usually have such good insight about people so ENTP hardly stands a chance in that domain.Because you made the sweatshop. You own it and no one gives a damn about you or knows you at all!
oh...! The ENTP?interesting!yeah they're kind of mischievous at their best. All I come to know rub me in the wrong way but they have this quick, entrepreneurial mind and big new ideas, thus it really is bothering me that he has to follow a life path he doesn't want. It's like putting out fire before the bonfire even starts *sighs*. probably reading too much into it.I wanted to say something didn't know what to and that's what I say to everything because I'm usually thinking and this seems to work because is taken as a compliment so!My emotions (maybe Fi) and sometimes my Se! But then I have an Fi dom friend and I totally see the differences. Yeah interesting is a better received word. Plus works!Well TeFi in my case also has issues with FeTi. I take it as a difference in perspective, values and priorities and as long as I don't have to be hand in hand with someone, things are usually okay. It's not a problem!It's all very interesting and enjoyed reading (parts of) such well written, detailed analysis. It was enlightening and amusing.

Btw as an INTJ woman, really not Masochistic (at all). Nor do I think we want crazy sadistic men lol! Also, hate being the victim and never been, you got that totally wrong! More like my way or highway except for the increase in tolerance level before directing someone to the highway! It was funny reading that! Hunch, observing people, maybe a bit of stereotyping. If you want confirmation bias you get it, if you realize that each coin has two sides and see it as it is you are fine! It's not the ultimate truth so treating it casually works fine and you can put people in certain large boxes mostly.And if I were an ENTJ I'd be too busy conquering the world to waste my time in here lol. :P XNTPs were brutal! 

ENFP: Please stop misspelling things, the CAPS are traumatic and stop repeating words. Everything single thing out of your mouth doesn't have to be unique and "COOL". All it does is make you appear high and no one takes you seriously.No don't think that for a second. You mother every person you meet, finding their dark secrets just so you can rescue them from their demons. Please stop!As long as you don't say what I want to hear just to be able to relate we are cool. Also, no I too want to know what the real you is, to be able to trust you, not the shades you wear for every person you meet!ENTJs: Stop drilling everyone around you and considering people weak when at the end of the day you want the same people to think your feelings are so special and is all that matters. They don't respect you, they are tired of your bullying in the name of productiveness. Do your own damn job or respect the people who do it for you. People don't give a damn about you or your feelings. You wanted to achieve things, you've got it, your choice now shut up! It doesn't make a difference to anyone and no one gives a damn about your achievements, you can't have people loving you or treating your childish self-esteem issues as if they were serious. People have bigger issues that you never took notice of because you thought it was weak, and you had something important to achieve 'through' them. Now go rage like an idiot when something hurts your teeny tiny ego, nobody cares!Plus you so rarely find an invitation to be brutal, it's like heaven.Get proof just in case! 

Discuss the situation with the male best friend to get an idea on the groom as well observe him. Then go discuss it with the bride's mother and observe her reaction. If the groom is actually a nasty person in that aspect then tell your female best friend with a proof but talk to her psychiatrist first because she already has trust issues and you need to be cautious as in how to phrase things.

If somehow the groom is not nasty and the bride's mother is, talk to groom and find the cause of the situation. In this case again will keep the male best friend from 16 years in the loop, given he's not super defensive. Sort the situation with the groom and the bride's mother and keep the proof just in case! Won't let the bride know about this if the bride's mother is the guiltier one but still will have reservations about groom and will do some background check on the groom in the coming months.INTP! 

Binged on/read the cognitive functions in detail! Figured out I didn't excel in brainstorming or producing original, unique ideas and therefore was no Einstein after all.the groom is involved in the situation and 'm probably closer to the groom's brother so I want to get a perspective on things. Plus these relationships are kind of confusing.The groom will kind of lose respect for me no matter how old buddies we were so I wouldn't just go talk to him. I need to get some perspective on the whole situation. Doesn't matter if he's my 'best friend'. All people involved are close people.We'd be successful, peaceful and technologically advanced but if we didn't invent a technology to bring about new off-springs, we'll die out pretty soon.

Also, there would be some of the best libraries around the world and all the knowledge you could possibly want will be an arms length away.Yeah but no one would take it given it's an all INTJ land. So, breeder would be a legitimate app lol!Not INTJ!&gt; Or are you thinking that a romantic INTJ+INTJ pairing to produce offspring would be untenable for large scale repopulation

yes this!&gt;I freak out when someone just knocks over my books.

Exactly. Even if I don't read some books they are the things I love most apart from my laptop.Interesting. Maybe that's why people think I'm depressed!It was interesting but I hope this way it's a bit more readable.

&gt;**Ni vs. Ne:**

 As I said, both of these functions are preoccupied with what COULD BE, 

**Overview**

Ne is extroverted (External)  and Ni is introverted (Internal). 

Ne sees an object, a thing, A SINGLE PIECE OF INFORMATION, and has a sort of "Explosion of ideas",a million ways a thing can develop in the future. 

Ni gathers a million pieces of information, Ni is always preoccupied with the "big picture" only to see a single way that it could develop in the future. 

**Reality behind Ni's apparent magic**

Now, Ni is sometimes ironically called "Black magic", but it can't blindly predict the future like witches, what it does is noticing patterns of how things evolved through time in the past and applying it to the future. 

**Example**

I had an INFJ (Ni-dom) tell me that when they were 4 years old they found confusing how children had to be explained to not touch the hot stove, the Ni user saw that in the past it went from a little red to much more and more red-ish as seconds passed so when they saw that it got a little red they got reminded instantly of the pattern and realized that in the future it will get hotter and hotter so they don't have to touch it. Now this is very basic 4 year old Ni, anyone with a little brain can do this at a reasonable age, but a 4 year old that is not a Ni user should be alarmed about these things. 

**Can Ni actually see future?**

Basically yes, this kid saw in the future what will happen with the hot stove so basically it can, but not in the superstitious way everyone thinks it does, it is not black magic! 

**How Ne and Ni see future differently?**

Ne is good at brainstorming; Ne simply can't focus on one path in the future since it sees a million paths that a single idea may grow into. I heard about Ne users that they are very undecided of what they want to do in the future, they see a hundred career paths that they could go into and they don’t know which one to choose. Ni users are pretty sure of what they want to do in the future most of the time since they are pretty sure about what will happen in the future… 

Ni sees patterns of evolution over time, Ne doesn't. Ni is sometimes like a "gut feeling" that something bad is going to happen, but that's because it is recognizing patterns of how things were in the past and evolving them through time, thinking there's a high probability of something happening in the future. Ne fights against this thinking, Ne tells us that anything can happen and it mostly gets random funny ideas of "what could be". 

**In a haunted House**

In a haunted house, Ni will tell the user “I have a gut feeling like there might be something behind the door” while Ne would tell the user “Imagine how random would be for someone to pop out the door right now hahah, but what are the chances?”.

**Ni and Ne in a Puzzle**

Imagine a puzzle, Ni is having most of the puzzle done, especially the corners (that's what it needs) and fills what is missing. Ne has the center pieces (that's what it needs) and slowly goes in all the ways to fill the puzzle. Ni sees what is missing while Ne sees the possibilities of expansion. 

**Supernova vs nebula**

Ne vs. Ni is also like supernova vs. nebula: An appropriate visual representation of Ne would be that of a supernova. What starts as a star explodes into all of its properties removed from the object itself and completely deconstructed. Ne does a similar thing. It completely deconstructs an object according to the ideas, symbols, systems, what have you associated with that object. Ni is much like a nebula. A nebula, if you don’t already know, is a cloud of particulate and other forms of matter in space that slowly forms into a star system. Over time, what looks like an amorphous blob begins to collapse in on itself until a star is formed and possibly planets as well. These solar systems that are formed are there for the long term. Ni is much the same way. The systems and models that Ni forms are often very much long-term models and systems that will stand the test of time and hold up well under scrutiny. This is why Ni is often described as the long-term system building function. **The more relevant information an Ni user possesses, the stronger the system that is being built.** The less information an Ni user possesses, the weaker the system that is being built or the system may simply never coalesce. One thing that is heard often about Ne is that it is all about making connections. That is indeed true, but **Ne needs to have a correct base to jump off of in order to make the correct connections.** It is my belief that Ne on its own can make connections based on all of the possibilities it intuits, but those connections will have little relevance to the outside world. The resulting structure would look more like a giant ball of tangled Christmas lights a la Christmas Vacation rather than a structured and organized web. 

**Personality types with Ne as their first PERCIEVING function** are xNxP (ENTP, INTP, ENFP, INFP)

**Personalities types with Ni as their first PERCIEVING function** are xNxJ (INFJ, ENFJ, INTJ, ENTJ).&gt; Basically Te takes control but Fi won't shut up.

thisYeah interesting observationnp bro!!!&gt;"The more we understand people, the less we like them."

yes INFJs I know are weird that way. They are so compassionate and giving and yet they always seem to be sulking. I find it funny :PI get batshit insane if I have to interact with a people for longer than a few hours.Very interesting observation. Such an accurate yet generalized conclusion.hey look, an ESFJ: the unicorns of reddit. There's also the "You must be a perceiver or a feeler or a sensor because INTJs don't have doubts, we are Gods!"A perspective/could be explanation:

&gt;Others in which I am more sentimental like an INFJ and I turn to music.

Could be Fi, some song reminds you of something you feel about specifically.

&gt; As for INTP, sometimes I investigate a lot about an issue and I still do not make a decision.

Te makes judgments, Ni keeps investigating deeper and deeper as required or till satisfied. But if you jump from idea to idea that's Ne and branch out.

&gt;ISTJ is when I start to remember about events and clarify and learn things, with my own memories.
Just writing.

Again could be that we have bad Si and we do not usually understand our own feelings at once, also we are not well equipped to understand how people feel, so if the memories you visit are more about you perception/ how you felt/ what you thought you'll probably reach a conclusion you visit every time. Si is more about accurate data at some moment in time.

You can decide best though.

As for:

&gt;I go through periods of time when I feel more ENTJ, and very productive.

We love being productive and we are supposed to be consciously good at our Te.Hope it helps,I'm just about as introverted as anyone can get mostly because with most people I have to walk on eggshells. So this may help you.

Trust and loyalty matter most. I don't connect large and shallow but small and deeply.

Rules are: 

1. Don't talk about me to others.

2. Don't you dare make fun of me at the start or make me look a fool in front of anyone, I won't trust you and you're on my one of my lists for 'those' people.

3. Return loyalty (This is the biggest). 

4. Help me succeed in my goals or at the least be genuinely happy for me when I succeed.

5. I like a genuine observation about me now and then that may help in improving myself not just critical useless stuff. It may be a great conversation starter as well.

6. If you are witty and we can talk about some useful stuff or do something (I like hiking, tennis, bowling) it's pure gold and I'd want to hang out often. Too much drama or small talks drain me too fast.

7. Dark humor and grilling me down for the sake of productivity is great in person but don't take grilling down to loud voices.

8. Don't be too sensitive or pretentious and let me know that you value me. Also this is unfair but I'm not a conversation initiator but if I respond at all, I really value you.

9. Also, I like working things out so shoot straight so a common ground can be found. Basically set some ground rules.

Hope it helps.

EDIT: Unlike the INFP said, please don't invite me to stuff that I probably don't want to go to, small hang ups are great. Once in a month maybe you can mention some great thing that sounds good. I'll probably go along and have fun. Haha well we are so bashed for our arrogance, making humor out of it sounds about right lol.Naah, it'll be comfortable but not really healthy for either of us.love the analysis lol. Imagine two extremely witty ENTP lawyers against each other in the court. Poor judge :DNo no no that's Fi but weak Si is bad at remembering the exact details of it and all I think we remember is impressions of things. As for productive, I don't know how productive I am it's just I always want to be more and feel like i'm not doing enough.Help me succeed means a slight good advice once in a while or, hey have you tried it this way. Just help in something you might have observed I'm not good at. Or even respecting my work ethic. Don't take it over from me, I can do my stuff. I usually still don't mind it enough though, because I do what I want to do anyway.

As for being happy about it, I don't know how to express it myself I just think when someone is genuinely happy it shows. Probably say something you know they want to hear and is true. You deserved it or wow that's some great job. Anyways for me it doesn't require expressing at all, if i've observed you to be a friend I automatically know you are happy. I know I'm doing a bad job explaining this but really depends on the situation, skip this whole part maybe.See you'll do great with introverts like this *thumbs up* :-)Something like /r/conspiracy, /r/TheSurvivalGuide, /r/Intelligence, /r/propaganda or /r/UFOs

You get the point!Sounds like someone you dislike. I don't think any healthy operates like this.Seriously being more prone to depression makes you special?

Also if you feel like INTJ's are being given special treatment here, please reread the line: "INTJs are among the types considered most likely to experience depression." it certainly makes no claim that INTJs are the most depressed types, just one of them. Anyone can be prone to depression but people who are isolated and often times in their head tend to suffer more from depression. Also, high expectations will most often lead to depression. INTJ do share these traits but also we hate dwelling on such things as being depressed because they're counter productive.  It has some good points but the best always is a physical activity or a hobby that gives you a certain sense of accomplishment.&gt;I said INTJs are probably not more prone to depression than any other type.

You said yourself later that:

&gt;I'm saying that INTJs are not more prone to depression any more than other introverts.

which simply does imply that Extroverts have different proneness to depression than Introverts. 

&gt;In fact, that means that INTJ would be one of the least likely found profiles next to ENTJ being the least.

This is by no means a valid argument. Higher Fi can be a reason for iXFP being most prone to depression, in that scenario ISTP would probably be least likely to feel depression.

&gt;I'm saying that INTJs are not more prone to depression any more than other introverts.

This I can agree to and even the article would since as per my early quoted line, the article said: INTJ's would still be more likely to get depressed along with some other types (say I's) and less than some other types (say E's).

The reason I argued with you in the first place was that you treated the specificity of a topic as it being discriminatory. It was targeted to INTJs not because it pondered on how INTJs are special or more prone to depression but because it simply addressed an issue with respect to that specific type(INTJs). There could be a similar article on every type and there'll be no reason to extract a discriminatory vibe out of it since it simply is not about comparison. In the terms that mystery is attractive (INFJ) and being a mastermind is even more attractive (INTJ), I understand the charm of the Ni dom types. Also ENXJs are not only insightful, they have a certain charisma about them which I never find with ESXJs. It still does get complicated as to why there's so much hype about it. I've frankly read a thousand flaws of INTJs mentioned often or for a better argument ppl hardly love the ENXJs I know. Also, the actual point of mbti becomes moot when you start using it for making yourself feel better instead of using it to get a perspective on the other types, which in case of mistypes makes theory less functional because now the perspective is colluded.

Keeping statistics in mind you actually have a valid point but how do you actually fix the problem.

I do type almost everyone I meet and I have actually met two ENTJ females that are supposed to be rarer than INTJ females and I can easily say I've never to my knowledge met another INTJ or an INTP IRL. I've met two INFJs and 1 ENFJ that i'm sure of and this analysis included many other types but what I hypothesized was that INTs are so private that they are hard to meet or get a read on and thus don't get discovered.

Still given their privacy it is quite counter-intuitive for the curves to be skewed that much. Arguments in the favour still go like: most types would naturally decline towards psychological theories unless they find it useful or another might be that large number of subscription to say the INTs reddit determines the fascination with these types and not actual amount of them but even adding those arguments, it still doesn't ad up. Also maybe the rarity of Ni type is only a phenomenon in one part of the world but yet again there would have to be some evidence regarding that as well. So your point does seem valid.Because they are all about productivity and results and their results involve people. Naturally this does not involve sentiments of people but the usefulness of them to a cause. They don't also engage their emotions much and thus all those examples about the minions and them crushing anything that comes their way. Their goal oriented nature and need for productivity helps the cause but does not make the people involved feel content or emotionally elated etc etc. Given they are good at getting ppl to do what they want and do not trust ppl with their plans, from an observers point of view, it makes them less trustworthy and shady. Now ad the charm. Therefore they are seen as villains using people.&gt;3)ask yourself or will 'my'(mine not yours) past life namr and surname

yes it's bond, james bond

&gt;4)wait until you get any images from the subconsious

get an ocean and I'm there, you're not!^ The guy has ^POLR^Fi&gt; Ni: It's super easy for me to communicate with people with strong Ni, and I can spend hours upon hours just talking with them, unlike any other function.

Couldn't have said it any better and true what you said for Fe.

Si: Appreciate the thoroughness but seriously it makes these people really slow. Can't really empathize with this mindset

Se: Good when relaxing, in appropriate amount. But get tired of being with high Se users after a while but it's usually bombastic till it lasts.

Ni: Let's judge people together and pat ourselves on the backs when we're right. Yes I get you by the look in your eye  and hey I know you know what that XXXX person is doing right now. Smirk, conspiracy theories. It's refreshing to talk to someone with high Ni.

Ne: Again when I can spare hours I like the innovation that these people bring. Usually they're the go to people when you're stuck in a problem and although there'll be 99 random things that would not be useful but you get one useful. It's just a matter of filtering. Admire them for how much energy they seem to have and their brains must be hurting but seriously, those ideas!

Ti: I admire it when I have time on my hand and looking to learn things. It's very interesting. But when I'm getting things done and these people start nagging, please now is not the time. Although I should admit that it'll be useful.

Te: Heaven. No bullshit, none of the I'm sorry and pretending stuff. With High Te you know it's a relationship of use(or as the Fe users would say) but the shit gets done really. It's all that matters.

Fi: I know, I feel it but please explain. Let's go over why exactly do you have a certain moral value. Hey, what did I do? Too high Fi I don't like but mild goes okay. It's easy to roll them over without them resisting but then you don't know where they went so. Yeah depends on the person's maturity.

Fe: I understand why it's important but it complicates everything so much. All those lies and how you 'have' to live by them or you're a ---. Easy to get along with as long as you have nothing to do and say nothing and can smile.INFJs have POLR TeYou got down voted for that lol.Hehe&gt;conscience isn't the most important thing to follow

That's the thinking that leads to killing ppl. Tch tch... More like Ne rather than Ni in 1st and 2nd case. It's just extrapolation and not insight but could be some really dramatic Ni shit too.bossy, bitchy, weird, self-obsessed, insensitive, arrogant, intimidating. Actually socially pretend all the time mostly to avoid drama.Apart from a few and the last. Terrifyingly cool descriptions. The memory one is awesome, mine seriously sucks at details at all.Yeah the more I meet the more I like them. It's easy to pin point them and we have some pretty awesome discussions. Also, blissfully don't have to later abide by those social norms every time we see each other. The best thing is they're not offended by a point of view they just judge it by it's rationality and pros/cons. Seriously, admire these people and you don't have to be best buddies with them. 

They are kind of more social and into going to all those parties at times but not in a way the other extroverted types do. You can see the composure in their fun. Plus there's always that analyzing shit going on underneath, that I can relate to, when you talk to them and I really hope after meeting a few of them that I'm not as easy to read.

Overall, easy to get along with and don't get personal etc. etc.I get it, I have INFJ friend and yes they are creative and insightful and really self-sacrificing yet they are weirdly attracted to cold ppl or their perception of it and sometimes it's kind of disturbing. Don't get too enchanted by it, moderation is the key. But yeah I get what you mean.&gt;Moderation? What's that?

That which'll keep you from crossing over to the dark side lol. But hey you love the dark side too... God you people are difficult!Not mentioning meant our skills are impossible to determine in a single word lol.Well as far as generalizations go you did a pretty good job!and you're the guy behind honking and continuously providing him with **zen music** lolYou formally opened the doors to hell. :OYour zen music then :-P lollol&gt; I'm seeing higher Ne in your posts.

where where? tell him ISTJs have Ne :P&gt;i doubt you are an INTJ if you are saying this right now.

We have one you here thenWhat type do you want to be?ISTJs are slow and thorough but they are not stupid. INTJs can work just as hard and be handy. As for stupidity and small talk, if you don't like it then avoid it, if you are insecure about this trait then acquire it and if it is necessity of your job then fake it. MBTI does not teach you skills it shows preferences and any skill you want you can acquire. Now get over yourself and get to work, stop whining.Could be list all the ISTJ traits and acquire them!Every type has problems. But ENTJ is easier. Groom your Te, read some books on how to deal with people and apply that. I can't say much about understanding self though, only you can do it but I'd rather you groom yourself/your skill set till the understanding comes. Nothing is more fulfilling than accomplishing and getting something great done.My ISFJ mom too lol. That's interesting. She says all kinds of stuff based on a tv show and all.Isn't ENTP's fundamental function in society to piss people off and make a fool out of any unsuspecting human?Will things into being.I tend to keep my thoughts to my head so the word I mostly say out loud is "interesting". In my head I'm more like:

"Are you kidding me?"

"Just stfu"

But consequences of saying these aren't really good so avoid unless sleep deprived.Ne is crazy and Ni can be better phrased as weird.Not going to type you based on one random question but:

If you had to kill someone would you shoot them, hire an assassin or would you trick them into committing suicide/trick someone into killing them? (Assuming you're that smart in either scenario of course)You seem to have Ne and I'd tend towards ENTPs because I know a few and they're these innovative intelligent people that run from idea to idea but it's just my opinion since I don't closely know any ESTJs, in fact I actively avoid the only ppl I think are estjs so I don't know the extent of their Ne but given my opinion is based on one response you can debate against it all you want.Is the theory something along the lines that Fe users would choose A and Fi users would choose B? or was it F vs T's? :P&gt;You cant fix people. You can guide them, *train them*

-_-
^thisdidn't you just put the Fe Fi and Se Si descriptions to each quadra.Yes squinting makes it clearer.Darn that inferior Se I missed all the details in it.I read you INFJ as Jesus Christ what's going on in there? (I find them rather complicated)lol interesting&gt; These threads are *dumb*.

See this is not Te doms and auxiliaries but Ne's :P&gt;Like a monkey trying to intimidate you, not a tiger

I'd love to see an ENTJ ISTP fight, no seriously!&gt;INTP's in a nutshell.

I read due to absence of Se you people can't even see, touch or hear, how come you were able to type here on reddit? Sure you're an INTP lol?&gt;I don't see the mysticism typically associated with Ni in him (doesn't seem to be THAT abstract or weird) - Dresses in a more conservative, undramatic fashion, (typical 30 year old male attire in the US)

Fe tries to not stand out and do what they think the society approves of or conforms with and what other people think is right so this could simply be Fe. I also think he's an ENFJ, although you're in a better position to judge. Given my sample size of one ENFJ, the differences between ESFJs and the ENFJ I know is that ENFJs are very good at manipulating (or convincing maybe) people to achieve what they want and in a way that someone not observing won't even notice. Also ENFJs are kind of smarter and more observant but can hide it. Talk to an ESFJ about human psychology and almost always, even if they don't say, they are bored but ENFJs listen and talk as well. Also tertiary Se manifests itself as being a bit posh (for lack of a better word), expensive restaurants and the sort. Finally one specific trait this ENFJ I know has is that she wants to know your deepest darkest secrets which I would associate with a certain insecurity and but maybe she just likes to fix people which irritates me. mine does try to bring out emotions and I have learned to not go down that road and pretend whatever it takes to get her off that path.It would have been far more interesting if that were the case.ISTJs were the first that I thought of as well.ESTP actuallyI wouldn't be anyone else but since I couldn't be me, well usually I'd say ENTJ because of the social edge they have but then I was like what the heck I need more fun and charisma and I just need to stop worrying about the future. It's stereotyping I know but diving off a cliff wouldn't be so bad seriously. Plus the only friend who happens to have made it so far and I really trust is an ISTP so yeah that too. Anyways any ExTx could do actually.Are you implying that ISTJs are dumb? :P&gt;Spoiler: not all of us are productive. You want ENTJ for that.

Can confirmI hate ENTJs a little less than ESTJs if that helps lol.

jkI thought we were the rebels, when did we become conformists? damn it.why not INFJ if Ni intrigues you?&gt;They care about other people, have such big visions of the future and how the world should be.

&gt;Also, their extroversion makes them more decisive and action-oriented.

erm, how well do you know these three ENFJs?but you couldn't be an ISTP, now loose your cool and pick another type. Perhaps a second best if any type may be worthy :Pit's morest smarterest not more smarterer.Would you like to keep being dumb or do you want to become one of the intuitive masters? Than ESTP would be fine, you can cover that up with some adventures.doesn't a lot of confirming makes for conformation?Fi doms if you mean authenticity to be independent or unique self-expression.Sorry it's too long to read. Could you just state your type for convenience?I had a whole story written but well the main point is getting better socially is not anti-INTJ you just got comfortable around certain people and you feel at ease with them also how you interact with people as a group (i.e. when you're with friends) is not entirely you so it's just that you understand how to navigate a certain group of people and that navigation helps you be around other people. This does not translate to extroversion. I am assuming you don't actively seek new people to befriend on your own. Also social interaction and getting better at it is a really good thing. I hope that's what you are asking.Well Te conforms to system just as Fe conforms to people. Both are suckers.Lol&gt;My **Fe** is insulted.

FTFYNaah it doesn't bother much when it does I fix it to my Te needs and we're good to go.yes yes this. That's why I don't conflict, there's no one existing to have a conflict with.&gt;I get along with them through my level 82 diplomacy.

The charm pays off. I don't really see INTJs, ESFJs or any other XXXX type for the matter getting candies on this sub. The only impression this post gives is solidifying the assumptions that INFPs take stuff too personally etc even if you're not an INFP (That was to make a point and not to criticize the type). If you start considering every person's opinion about something you'd go nuts and that is a problem because everyone is going to have an opinion, however stupid it may be, and most people will state it to your face. &gt;(his explanation ignored the order of operations).

Ouch.your family must be fun lolYou opened gates of hell for yourself. The more  opinions you get, the confused you'll get. Impartially observe yourself and read about [how functions act in different positions](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/).

See what fits you and what doesn't. Also it's not a hundred percent fit always.Don't really know any other INTJs irl, suspect one person but they could be ENTJ so won't make much difference to me but In the long run maybe the world will miss (in terms of the infrastructure, system and progress and not general people) the insight, will power and drive to reform, of this type.

If I disappeared as well, meh; I do not exist anymore so nothing really.Seriously? *eye roll*Can't digest and end up puking. Piece of cake! I got every personality, I aimed at getting at 16 personality.I'd kill the person who asks me to kill someone (for free).Good money?ENTJs and XSTPs, probably.1) IXTX, no information for S/N or P/J

2) Pretty much sounds like an EXTJEXTJ, more inclined towards ENTJ thoughWell Ne doms have this all over the place vibe about them, they talk to quickly and excitedly and jump from idea to idea.

Se doms seem to have excellent observations, one example is my ESFP friend who mentioned that my racket wasn't straight while playing when she didn't even held it and I never even noticed, it wasn't really noticeable.

Te doms have this really bossy, dominating look. They are too direct and in your face and you can always see they mean business even when having fun. It's more pronounced in ESTJs.

Si doms end up using phrases like no it wasn't like that. It's not supposed to be done like that. No it says to do this and this. I would say it's pronounced in ISTJs but ISFJs do it just as often but the difference is that you've to observe more closely because of Fe conforming thing.

Ni doms have this aura around them like they know something more, are studying you all the time. Talking is deliberate and calculated.

Fi doms well you've got to hear them talking and there's this conviction to weird things when they talk, otherwise they do appear to be extremely lovely cinnamon rolls, no seriously. Not when life depends on it, I'll have thrown you under the bus, if need be, before I can even entertain the idea of guilt.Get the INTPs to create one.No you're the coolraceI was so much looking forward to reading the comments on this. BTW nice tactic, pointing deficiencies of each house so no type thinks they're not appreciated enough etc etc.Error 404 status can't be reached.

Regards,

INTJ arrogance.Hence, serving justice.All I have to say is: Please do open your mouth. :PCould have been the glares typed would give if they were bound and gagged.*The answer is personalized and not indicative of the behavior of all the people associated with the type*

**Decision Making:** Depends on the time I've on hand, I can make split second decisions and am an advocate for optimization but if there is time later and the thing is important and I feel the decision was not the best, I'll take in more data and analyze things more to decide in favor of a better choice. If no decision is required, I may analyze things to death and still just keep observing for the sake of it.

**Understanding:** I pick things and concepts pretty fast where most people take time but on the other hand I miss pretty obvious things that are easy for other people. Also I have tendency to not only just forget information but actually remember a false account of that information at times.

**Thinking:** Always thinking about the optimum solution to things, even to things like walking, eating and dealing with people. Planning ahead, to get to there I've to do to this, this and this.

**Feeling:** Moral objections to every plausible solution. The morals I made due to a long list of reasons that now I have no idea of.

**Common Behavior:** Prone to observing people and tend to have a slight creepy smile on my face. Tend to really enjoy my company mostly. Have learned to be animated when need be in the workplace. Mostly quite but will say my piece loud and clear when I should.  Don't pick up my phone unless I already expect a call (terrible habit). Actually I think I'm pretty lazy but also pretty quick and focused when need be. Usually have a face for everyone I meet. I'm hugely attracted to pretty things. Go into binge reading mode on whatever I get excited about at the moment but later I'd totally forget about it. Not really a multi tasker. People find me secretive. When sleep deprived, can be extremely sarcastic.   No imagination

No knowledge of past or future or present

No understanding of self or others

What exactly will be the point of Te since you wouldn't even have the comprehension of a problem to solve it or the tools to analyze a system. You won't be able to get help from anyone on it. That's like useless.Ne&gt;Te Well Ne needs a knowledge base to build on and Te requires a goal/vision to execute. Ne will distract Te all the time and since it's dominant, Te will end up being useless or Te will want to get something done and dismiss Ne in the process if Te is dominant. Bringing two extroverted/introverted functions together are basically when any type is in a loop so that's not hard to figure.She hates flying, she loves library. What ISTP reads a whole book without getting dead bored. They prefer actions really.What scene was that? Was it a physical reference or something she connected the dots to?Please reanalyze you're driving me nuts by calling Hermione an ISTP.Why would you type people if you don't want to? Does anyone have a gun to your head? Even in that case just say XXXX and don't judge them  inside your head.Basically start reading enneagram and socionics and zodiacs all together and when your mind gets messed up start reading about UFOs as distractions till you can't type people anymore.Get a job maybe? or a better hobby?ESFPs

Love how they're so bubbly and chill and live life to the fullest, enjoying experiences and up for fun most of the time.

Don't hate anything but I can't seem to trust these people. Also, the one's I know have this annoying habit of copying others things and presenting as their own. But mostly we just aren't very compatible in my case although I love their care-free enthusiasm for life.care to expand on your comment?XXXX jerks mostly.Replace Fi with Ti basically, rest is fine.Why does your I think have a question mark?I didn't read you post but after reading the title I was like. ofcourse XNFJs :DI'd say I'm chaotic Neutral all the way through.

Lawful Good: XSFJ

Lawful Neutral: ISTJ

Lawful Evil: ESTJs

Neutral Good: XNFJs

True Neutral: ISTP, XNTJs

Neutral Evil: ISTP, INTJ

Chaotic Good: IXFPs, ENFPs 

Chaotic Neutral: ESXPs

Chaotic Evil: XNTP

This is just for fun. Btw neutrals were the hardest and still not sure.Yeah I see what you mean. There's some strange magnetism, hypnotism to you people. Although yeah hit or miss it is! There is a strangely similar vibe to ENTJs and ESTPs. Same goes with ISTPs and INTJs, although when you know them a bit better you start observing the differences. I'm not sure I'll be able to state similarities as bullets. Both types appear detached, very discerning and Se love is pretty obvious. I'm an INTJ with my best friend being an ISTP. Tell the INTJ if you're close to stop thinking about the future so much and enjoy the process, no one knows what's ahead. 

I love doing something physical when I'm with my ISTP friend, we don't need to talk much but always lifts my mood; shopping, going to a beauty salon, hiking or some fitness class.Yeah intimidating and domineering or basically "get this shit done" but it's basically what I'm saying in my head so... 

Also, the frequencies are so in tune. The communication is so easy, it's a relief having not to explain every teeny tiny detail and then re-explain what you mean and there's some pretty strong animal magnetism as well. Never felt that connected to someone until I met an ENTJ, unfortunately he was a jerk and I'm still working on my revenge plan before I can take back the label of being a jerk.  &gt; Why? If someone's a shithead, they aren't worth the validation or energy. The best revenge is detached success. Be smarter and better than him, and I guarantee it'll sting more.

Yeah that's true. I hope it does sting though.weren't you an INTP?but but some FJs are SJs too. &gt;not SJs

^Physical activities surely give me a boost. Going to gym is extremely fulfilling/exciting. I love doing it when I can.I love your room. It's not too colorful or over-stuffed, it's efficiently spaced and has geometry. And there is some tasteful stuff on the wall as well but it's not too much either. My kind of room really.The top drawer on the table?All people I've ever typed I just get vibes and I know it's that type. Breaking it down to traits comes after careful analysis though which takes time. I am curious but have absolutely no idea what vibes I give or how do people similar to me may perceive me or what certain characteristics jump out.
did it hurt your feelings lol? :P&gt;INTJ portrait painted on Reddit is one of an arrogant, unmotivated, timid, rather bland person I'd rather not be associated with.

I thought everyone thought we were cool lol :P
Lol I know I reveal my darker nature way before I do my "lighter" one. But I'd say Fe users because of all the harmonious, nice thing going on and maybe Si users.If it's the immediate leader or they are directly effecting work actively; they'd be out of the leadership soon enough. Yeah I know how to play my cards. :DI lose respect if it's distastefully or unoriginally copied. If it looks really bad then I must change my style, art and ideas lol :D Can't commit to things,

Way too fragile inside, act macho to cover that up.

Like a puppy saying, watch me I'm so cute, all the time.

You're like those people who ask others to notice them and then expect to hear that they're the coolest person.

Breaks a finger nail and it's like hey I went hunting lions in Africa and that's where I broke it, I mean there's a limit to bullshit.

Sometimes downright dumb. (sometimes = all the time)

Make up bullshit stories and if something isn't cool it's not worth doing I mean use that Ti a bit more please.

Actually know what's going on in reality but pretend not to know.

Huge bullies!

Oh and btw I end up crushing on you people :PI'm pretty talkative. Though just don't meet people during my recharge time and definitely not an extrovert but anyone who just met me will think I'm an extrovert till they've known me for a while. Could it be that the types with S and N closer in the function stack i.e. as 2nd and 3rd function find that distinction easier to navigate than the one where functions are slightly farther apart.

I.e. for INXJs, ENXPs, ISxJs, ESXPs find easier time dealing with their T and F counterparts than they would with their S and N counterparts. Same logic can be extended to include other types as well.should be a joke coming from any half decent human being.&gt; "can you find time to do x?"

Haha it boils your blood more lol. And you'd wonder how much difference a single letter can make.  

&gt;I truly feel happy and powerful.

:D Take over the world for us will you?&gt; Who attempts manipulation more? ENFJ, in general. Who actually succeeds at it better, and also gets something more tangible (as opposed to emotional) out of it when they do do it? ENTJ.

Who's more arrogant and fails to realize that ENFJs are extremely apt when dealing with people and get almost anyone (well most people) to do anything when they set their mind to it? ENTJAww were you trying to hurt the INTPs? I'm not even sure if that'll hit the mark at all.Best friend - ISTP

0.92 * Best friend - ENFJ

people whose existence I'm aware of but don't care

People whose existence I'm neither aware of nor do I care (in a compassionate way)

Love-hate - ENTJOnly if it's your employee on the other end. Also depends on the type of the scream. It can be Fe if it's fake or Si if you remember to do it every time.Wish I got a dime as well. Haah We'd be rich!All great conclusions take time, extrapolation and discarded anomalies lol :DActually FJ one fits a lot. They expect you to act in a certain way and atleast i've seen with a few XSFJs that if you're not being their definition of nice and "whatever you should be", they get passive aggressive and mean and try to bad mouth you.Doesn't that make you a bad person? Belittlong someone, just curious!Wouldn't it be better to just avoid them and no one pays them any attention. When they are bullying someone just mention this is not acceptable. Taste of your own medicine is a good argument but you exactly do the same thing to that person without any other context that you know off. Maybe the person being bullied bullied the bully earlier. Maybe bullying is to cover up hurt, maybe they don't realise they are bullying and think bullying is cool. By doing the same thing you emphasize the point that social pressure, better mocking skills and bullying are the step stones towards being well liked, popular and successful. Either you know a person is genuinely a bad person through their actions or you don't. You still don't get the right to mock someone because if you keep doing it you'll become the bully. It's like saying i kill the killers but again it's not in your power to identify a killer who killed and a innocent person being accused of killing.I dont kniw about many other ppl but I do have an extremely good poker face and idgaf attitude. But standing up to them can be in a different way. You could casually ask them why they just said what they said. Or state the obvious in public that you're picking up on a person that hasn't said anything to you. This also makes them look bad.I just know 1 INFJ and 1 ENFJ (both close friends) so far and no they wouldn't bully for exactly being weird but they have this very bad flip side that would pick a vendetta against ppl for weird reasons and they are so good with ppl that if you dont see it coming you get pretty unlucky. But yeah different bullying than just for the sake of harmony.I get you. I do stand up for ppl i feel are in the bad atm but i never really judge until i have all information. I just call the act wrong and i dont believe doing wrong to the wrong makes things right. Or trust me there would be a lot more crying ppl but then it's way to troublesome to actually go out and fix bad ppl when you can just gaf. Also having an opinion different from another person doesn't make you wrong, as long as we can always improve on our opinions.Maybe but two wrongs don't make a right. Even if there is a justification for it.How do you know the person is a criminal and not just shooting birds. Yes that's implausible but you still shot a person, another human being and it made you different. It's how you become a killer, you think you have the right to kill. What if the criminal was shooting ppl they were absolutely sure were "bad guys" and you just stopped some very bad ppl from dying. Self defense and defending ppl with you is different than attacking ppl. What you should do is call 911 and then tell as many ppl to duck as you can and if you feel super brave throw something at the criminal to divert his/her attention or shoot somewhere that wont kill them. Also if you miss you shot might hit someone innocent.I'm actually tough, blunt, efficiency oriented, no-nonsense to any person who has worked with me.

But this is so true for me:

&gt;she enjoys spending time with people she loves no matter the activity

My friends tell me I get very excited for them when they're happy, I'm funny in my head but usually people don't get those jokes.

Although not this:

&gt;she enjoys being passionate about things that she "doesn't even need to be passionate about" just to make others happy.

And not really this either:

&gt;will love who she meets

I enjoy loving ppl that are close to me by thinking about them and doing things for them and getting excited, doing anything i know they love if that's "love to love"This should sound funny, maybe useful lol

Ni looks weird, hit in the head, bitten by a dog and disillusioned.

Ne looks really high

Te is of course the "i'll kill you if you don't do it" look, "why are you wasting my time?" look, "do you have a point in all this jibber jabber" look. Basically the stern, focused look.

Ti is more like, I know this, I know how this works, irritated kind of look. Something like, "I understand this completely, people don't  understand this".

Fe is essentially mirroring so I don't think there will be any obvious signs of those. Except they are super good at somehow sensing distress or sadness etc so maybe the people who look concerned, ask you if you're okay? But it's too generalized to associate to a certain function.Seriously every INFP I've ever met is super loved. As in people are attracted to them and they are these nice little angels that everyone wants to have.&gt;People on the Te-Fi axis tend to be more up their own ass, self-absorbed, and hard-nosed, while people on the Fe-Ti axis tend to be more open and accommodating, and flexible in their consideration of different arguments. All else being equal, I find that I consistently prefer hanging out/ dating people on the same axis as me.

First of all, lol! Interesting.. I Actually prefer the Te-Fi and Ti-Fe axis. 

Mostly because with Fe-Ti I never know if they're saying something because they think I want to hear it or because it's true. Also, I often feel a lot of resentment from them because after they self-sacrifice without being asked to, they mind if the other person does not reciprocate. The fact that they take everyone along with them is truly great though. Also they are great for planning group activities and I admire that.

Ti-Fe can be extremely aloof and they actually are not very devoted but you can definitely count on them to say the truth and resolve a problem which I love them for. 

Te-Fi are usually my favorites because they get stuff done, are loyal and are reliable. Although I've huge respect for the XSTJs I tend to never feel that loyalty towards or from them but I definitely would appreciate them around. 

Fi-Te's are the most interesting people that I've met, they are creative, artistic and adventurous depending on Ne vs Se but yeah because they're always cheering everybody up they tend to not address their issues and don't get into confrontation which results in creating a lot of their problems. &gt;In my head, I would think “this guy is a cry baby who needs to get over himself,” but to your face I would say “oh I’m sorry I didn’t mean to offend you... I was just making an argument that I believe to be true.”

I'd rather have you tell me that you think I'm being a cry baby and I should get over it. My only problem with Fe is I never know if they are saying it or they mean it.Huge generalization based assumption, based on little data, ahead:

You feel unloved because you don't completely open up and act like a cute muffin with everyone so in the end no one knows you and everyone likes you but you still feel unloved.

Also no idea how to respond to that:

&gt;Shucksyes!!!!!! this!!&gt;Not everyone buys into MBTI like it is the bible ;).

True just those who have a flair of their type attached, do! :DYes ,I've met so many ISTJs and yet have to meet another INTJ and only one INFJ so far as well.My huge assumption is right :P Thank you!irritating isn't it :D Luckily they are introverts as well and mostly sulk instead of saying that.Well just trying to emphasize the word disillusioned in various ways and words.No seriously? Never seen one really! I thought being liked was their super power.Yeah that they are. It says they take stand for things they believe in but most of them are rather pushovers for some reason.That's good really.I don't know why anyone would even think otherwise.&gt;INTs tend to be intellectually stimulating

&gt;r/Iamverysmart
 
I guess it should be saying that "INTs are very socially savvy, emotionally stimulating and extremely exciting to be around." &gt; All I'm saying is that the few times I've ever captivated someone in conversation, it was because I gave them something to think about, not because I could relate to them or had something nice to say.

Likewise&gt;Unless you're a bad person.

Are you?Are you really bored right now?When out in public and going somewhere:

1. Oh they are nicely dressed, so these colors mesh well if you add this to it, it'll be more classy. Interesting, they look happy, something good must have happened. I like when people are happy.

2. Oh that's what they're trying to pull off, interesting. People have these weird habits, why would they do it, it doesn't make sense.

3. If I walk through here and here and here it'll be the optimal path. This should be the side of the lane that has least number of obstacles.

4. That building has a very interesting structure (or something else I note), I should learn about building structures (the related subject) one of these days.

5. This, this and this is on my to do list and this is the order I should be doing it in.

6. If this project doesn't go well I have to have alternatives, maybe I should start this project but first I have to master the subject.

7. Seeing talent i.e. performing arts with perfect technique. Okay they are doing a great job, so you have to be a little relaxed but remember the technique. Oh this is interesting. If you do this, this and this you can get this result.



While talking to people:

1. This is what I want to get and there's this person that's in between. What's the best way to navigate them.

2. I see what you're saying and what you're thinking, that's interesting. So this is what I should say. Hmm...

3. They actually enjoy meeting and greeting and hanging out and gossiping, why do they? Can I enjoy it somehow.

4. I know they mean well but this is how I should be navigating them, this can be really harmful if I'm not careful. Oh they think they're outsmarting me, interesting.



Doing chores:

1. Let's try this and see if it works.

2. Cooking. I need this taste and this is the time I have so let's put these in and do it this way and see what we get. 

3. If I do this part first and this part later it'll get me better results. I need to get all these tasks done but I feel like binge watching a series. Hmm let's see how much time I can allocate to that. Lol yeah I understood the first time.&gt;Not in particular, just buzzed on whiskey and high on good vibes. Also I feel like I can contribute good responses for whomever asks.

I hope you can.

&gt;How are you doing? What’s taking most of your time these days?

Observing other people, collecting information and deducing results that can be potentially extremely skewed given the limited scope of information and leanings toward confirmation bias. Not in a very healthy mode of operation. &gt;Biases are not in themselves wrong, but are inescapable.

Biases contaminate information at times if they are not a factor inherent to the information which can lead to faulty conclusions.

&gt;by simply letting go, at times.

Yes choosing wisely between the things to hold onto and the ones to let go of is extremely important.You need to meet a few more XSFPs really.Going to take that you are IXTX unless otherwise suggested just for the sake of convenience.

Do you more often "use" the information you get or try to dig in deeper and find the correct version of the information?

What is your view on people in charge?

Organized in head vs organized in real life or both?

Exactly :D&gt; no life internet nerds. Most likely the XXXT's

Talk about butt hurt. :D&gt;It comes off like that to everyone.
&gt;
&gt;If you are defensive it comes off as you are either offended or sensitive to what is making you defensive.
&gt;
&gt;That is not subjective lol.

That's just your perception. Some people merely like arguing, no emotions are involved whatsoever. Even at times in fighting there are no emotions at all, it's just to get to the bottom of things, understand perspectives, see the real cause of the problem etc etc etc. As for nerd and no life internet that you mentioned, that's plain bitchy and yet no unless you are someone special it's hardly annoying.Remember their Fe is the 3rd function. Fe being the idea for relaxation for them, well you see?

Good thing is you could just as simply get to them if you keep them unsuspecting enough. It's funny because you see emotions in action which I think all Fe users do but in a different way.So you are finally ready to care enough to tell the world that no all of you don't own workshops and work in them all day?Action as in bungee jumping. Don't take it to heart, after all we built electric cars etc etc etc I won't argue just because I don't care to spare much thought to this but I see the perspective... I think...  but a little bit of my thoughts are here anyways

All in all bitchy isn't about complaining it's stating "bitchy" because usually we comply by a few rules to take care about how we state things we want to state. Saying negative things essentially does not get any results but often negative followed by a negative brings about a positive.

&gt;Does insulting others always imply projection?

Depends on how you do it and who you do it to.

&gt;Does bragging imply insecure?

I often assume it but then there are people who simply adore being in the highlight and it has nothing to do with insecurity it's just how they think it should be

&gt;Those are the subjective connotations/interpretations.

True

&gt;If you are defensive it comes off as you are either offended or sensitive to what is making you defensive.

Also it depends on your definition of defensive. What you read as defensive may be curiosity, it maybe indifference even or nothing at all. If we take Jung's theory as is remember Fi is about your own values and does not always read people well like Fe. Also Fi favors subjective emotions thus being so accommodating unlike Fe. Most people will get defensive (if you can accurately recognize it) because you hit a nerve but some people are extremely cautious as they are, also some of them just like countering everything you throw at them so I think that is subjective as well.
&gt; thanks ISTPs for all the shit you make happen every day.

As far as I go that's true. Even better will be:

"thanks ISTP for keeping calm in high stress situations and resolving things without appearing to break a sweat even when it's really hard"Well I could say a million times. But no! frankly way too self critical and busy to do that :DMy only and best friend is an ISTP. I think the trouble differentiating between the two comes from the stoic nature they both appear to have. And as hard as they are to get to know you can hardly tell how different they are on the first few encounters. I think ENTJ and ESTP are pretty similar as well.I seriously have some FJs that I really care for but they drive me nuts so often I can't stand it.&gt;female INTJs are highly unlikely to be described as "girly".

I'd say it depends on how we want the next person to perceive us, but still I don't think anyone can call it rather girly. But yes I highly doubt the exaggeration part unless it's being mistaken because of something one feels very passionate about. Yet even being completely open minded about this I'd agree with:

&gt;I wouldn't be surprised if everyone in this story was mistyped.so you mean you don't use it to get out of arguments and bring world peace then?&gt; please base more of your opinions off of things that have actually happened, instead of just the "vibe" that you get.

Ah! the intuitive sensor conflict. Reality vs theory!&gt;Let people think we're boring. They'll leave us alone.

Well just switch boring to arrogant ( and some curse words) and there you get our plan for people to leave us alone lol.Works better than boring too though.when your pun isn't well received and you  explain it and give yourself a face-palm lol :DErm female INTJ between 18-30 here, definitely doesn't sound like me. 

In fact it's weird to hunt someone down and sharing stuff with them when you don't know enough about them. INFPs are rather easy to get close to because they're smart and non-judgmental but all that you're saying is too weird to be true for IXTJs.

I actually write poetry and half my friends haven't read it lol and I know two female ISTJs and they definitely won't be caught dead sharing it unless it's something boastful and not personal.   narcissist jerks or manipulative cowards apparently.Are they so far apart because they're introverts and awkward?Oh no! The ESFJs would be the ones that want to make me hate myself and feel terrible about my social conduct. I think socionics will be definitely fine with that.Well that's not fair that you excluded IXTJs and XSTPs. You can't get all the awards now, you have to work harder for this one.But but i wasn't being mean! I swear! *internal monologue* fix it now! Don't ever get caught up in this again"Maybe because in socionics you're the INTjs lol but mbti works better so intj and esfj clash. *lame joke* .Although I think we manage okay at a distance if we can make sure not to bug each other.There are a lot of ESFJ females all you have to do is get out of your lab seriously. Hey my ESFJ friends say exactly things along these lines. Oh interesting!Lol will pm you in a bitWow you're insistent.I just agree to the acting naive part lol. Not sure if it's coning ppl or defense mechanism or showing that I like them but it happens unconsciously every time. Usually, if I'm not being overly forgetful, if I will someone to like me at some point it ends up happening. Not really sure how my plan works but it works. I do things extremely subtly though.Usually the guys respond well but overtime I've learned that it's a bit wiser to let them pursue a bit, if it's their idea they'll work harder for it and feel more rewarded. It's weird but ppl like achieving things they want to achieve. I tend to just make sure I know what's happening though.oh we're still moody, know-it-all, cold and stressed. Cool :Dbut they are superficial so there's that. superficially you can be anything.Well if I were the parent I'd be more like okay... I'd go to their room and take away their best gadgets and stuff or whatever they really like, hide them and not tell them where and when they come back asking for it I'd simply start arguing about the why's.Observing, Taking in information, predicting, implementing, modifying, improving until it's known. I personally get kind of overwhelmed and as a result freeze when I'm in absolutely new environment where there's lots to do but it also depends on the time you have and the tasks at hand, learning can wait if the thing has to be done immediately, even without knowledge you can take from what you have and move with it.Fi doms rarely show emotions, Fi is very private, Fe is the emoting function. He doesn't have shred of logic or future planning, everything is just emotion, he likes a girl, he gets jealous, he is possessive, he kills someone. The guy is definitely a nutcase but not of IxTx variety.So if I were to ask you to help me type myself (please and thank you) my simplest option would be hitting the four legs:

1. I am very introverted unless I've an agenda and introversion seems to go against me, I'm good at putting up a face but it almost depletes me

2. I've no doubt I'm an intuitive

3. Apparently too cold to be a feeler and somehow find expressing emotions hard (but we can have different opinions right)

4. Probably pretty certain of being a **J** but I consider myself open minded enough too

---which concludes my flair but recently I've discovered I am not as self aware as I would have thought. So, I'll state my friends' opinions:

1. I'm very single minded, when I'm focused on one thing that is all I care for and that is where ALL my mind is! (I think I can multi task btw and I'm fast at getting stuff done)

2. I give good advice, I'm sincere

3. I'm rather stubborn

4. To them I seem to know what I'm doing and am confident (to me I'm never very confident but I don't believe in showing weakness)

5. They have concluded that I don't need to keep communicating on daily basis to be friends with them but I still consider them friends even when not in contact (true)

6. I pick complex concepts pretty quickly

Now a bit of the personal stuff:

My goals matter a lot to me, I love the idea of achievement but not surely reward though that would then be my right. 

I prize my intellect. I have really intense emotions and no emotions at all; good at detaching myself! I don't trust easily, I'm always suspecting people but sometimes don't show it for reasons. I don't keep all my secrets in one basket. When I care for someone I find helpful things to do for them but saying sweet stuff is hard I guess. I am afraid of losing people but I handle it alright, that is something that breaks me down but on a mental level I do understand it's just hard to coax the heart. I have different versions of myself. I'm a female... Any guesses on a different type?

Tell me something I might not know about myself. I'm sorry for making you suffer into reading this all!
 
**EDIT:** It's kind of interesting to see the output and then you think if you changed this about the post you'll get these answers! I'm not really uncertain I just want to play with the idea and see what comes my way!   The idea that the tertiary is weaker than the inferior and the 6th one should be essentially tertiary makes some sense theoretically, given tert being opposite polarity of PolR but in observation the model does not pan out. 

For instance EXTPs charm seems to be mostly because of tert Fe and IXTJ's strong morality can be associated to tert Fi. EXFP love fixing things however good they are at it is another story but it seems tert Te. How does the whole model G explain that

Again sorry for the generalizations, I'm just looking to see how I can apply it to people and some interesting demonstrations I can associate to it.I.e. sarcasm, arguing a lot, banter. Doing things for each other but likely not comfortable admitting that and keeping a poker face.

T types? Ti? Te?I know an ESTJ who used to yell in school and cause havoc just because...

An ISFP who used to throw things whenever angry.

I thought I was fairly harmless or didn't bother anyone but I recently realised at rare times if something unfair happened to me I used to simply say 1 thing that meant to the other person the most i.e. would sting, just to get even.

Thoughts?Just came across this link, looks interesting and basically wanted to post just about anything that wasn't a meme.

Ni : Knowing

Ne: Creating

Fi: empathising

Fe: persuading

Ti: Contemplating

Te: Systemizing

Si: preserving

Se: Doing


https://personalityjunkie.com/02/function-roles-8-jungian-functions/Something I've noticed very recently is the contrast between ISTJ and INTJ jokes. Both are one liners and subtle and unexpected coming from people that are perceived to be so serious.

ISTJs would say something that is obviously not true but could have been given different circumstances. The joke is delivered in a funny teasing sort of way.

On the otherhand INTJs jokes are more about what so obviously is and they're helpless about it or it's said in a way that gives a whole new meaning to the fact or there's an underlying dark meaning and the joke is delivered with a poker face.

An example:

ISTJ: A comment on someone's dyed hair; that's a nice sun kissed glow your hair has (haha)

INTJ: so I was running the other day and one of my foot got caught in a branch and apparently you can't run forward with only one foot (straight face)

I'm not very creative so the examples are modified versions of jokes I heard.

Thoughts?[removed]Power hungry is not the same as going nuts. It seems like INFJs have very deep understanding of human nature and this causes them to be people who are exceptionally selfless (gandhi, mother Teresa) or extremely ruthless (hitler) if they start feeling like humanity does not have anything to offer or if they believe in the "greater good" etc etc. Being power hungry is more about being kind of a control freak and wanting to gain certain amount of influence for the sake of influence. Sometimes it drives you nuts how they can be simply so helpless and even show that helplessness as if it's a good thing.If you ask an ENTJ if they want to get to the top or are power hungry I think most won't even be offended. Personally if someone told me I'm a control freak and power hungry i'd be like thanks and laugh at it. ENTJs are truly hardworking and street smart people who play the right moves to achieve what they want. The hunger for power is the desire for a better system they know they can. To feeling types maybe this is asshole behaviour but this is the very thing that makes them respectable/admirable/inspirationsl.INTJ -- Don't ever try to cross me. You'll start it, I'll end it.I scored really high on humility in the hexaco test while I'm an INTJ and I know atleast 1 ENTJ who has a lot more humility than most people but I'd always also categorize him as "a CEO" and if someone says it's being an asshole I think that's the part of the job since you can't be a people pleaser 24/7 if you have to get work done. My point was that anyone who knows these types well, won't categorize them as assholes but everyone who does not know them are free to consider them as asshole and it hardly matters, there are bad stereotypes for all types; Fi domes are wishy washy crybabies, INTJs are jerks, ISFJs are total doormats, ENTJs are assholes.Yes and ruining all your favourite outfits, oops"if I had a dime" for every time I heard some version of: "who do you think you're?" When i didn't even know the person well and was in my head.My best friend is an ISTP, I get the sense she's afraid of emotions a little bit since she thinks they're irrational and cause simple things to become overly complicated. She's quote a fan of keeping things simple as they come.Yes but I've known her for 8 years and being one of the only few people I really care for I've studied her extremely well so yes nuisance in a way but when it really hits, it hits hard and she at times seems oblivious to it too. Overall she's more sensitive to other people's behaviour than I am whereas I only get affected if you're right inside my circle of few people.Yes I can understand what you're saying in a way.Well usually it's someone i don't care for but if I have good opinion of the person I'd ask why did they think so and might even give an explanation. But yes mostly it's just what comes with the package.Closest friend ISTP

Second closest ENFJ

A rather good friend INFJ

Extended circle:

ESFJx2 (avoid both due to backbiting habits), 

ISTJx2 (admire their disciple but can't ever trust them)

INFP (too sensitive, thinks I'm cold and heartless)

ISFJx2 (Like them but God do they get on my nerves),

ISFP (very superficial friend)You people seem to love everyone and everything, I wonder how much energy does it take to be so upbeat and accepting.Always thought how PoLR functions in other types manifest differently. I don't agree though they happen to be some very smart while being rather chill people. Always impresses me!Not really a Mastermind or evil genius. Just try working really hard and put a lot of thought into things and can be wrong because of missing obvious details which sucks. 

Not cold hearted Robots just don't see any good coming from expressing the sentiment when that's clearly not your skill. Extremely sentimental about injustices and when I see people in pain, I almost feel the pain just instead of expressing it I'd try to find solution to those problems or atleast to the solvable ones.Explains why I can spot Fe from miles away.One of the top 4:

INTJ 
INTP 
ISTP 
ISTJ

Basically I have every cognitive function and I'm an introvert. *eye roll*Would you betray a loyal, smart and trustworthy friend  for something that you really desire and have worked very hard for but this is the cost?... -_- Absolutely depends on why and what I'm searching for. If it's general I always go for the definition first and then the simplest page I can find even if it takes a few tabs, if it catches my interest I read till I have enough grasp of it. In case of mbti I read enough to be applicable and stopped till it made sense when it got confising again or there were people I was directing it at and missing things, I read more till I had sufficient grasp of it to be useful to me. Now it's just something to amuse myself and the more I know the more concisely my brain can store away the information. I think I've exhausted mbti and now I'm not that into it.You look like textbook XNTJ and I'm leaning more towards ENTJ.I actually relate a lot to your post apart from flirting and excercising daily. I don't like telling others what to do at all and as for structure it depends if it's an illogical rule, then no way but if it makes sense and leads somewhere, sure!

I discarded Ne in you because every XNXP I've met seem to really extrapolate rather than get to the point.

ESTP could be a possibility though although they use Fe instead of detesting it.

Also XSTJs are the one's that are more into structures XNTJs are more into the end result they invisioned. Ni vs Si. Maybe try taking jungxs cognitive functions test, it's better than the other one's I've come across.I'm pretty sure it's [this](https://similarminds.com/classic_jung.html) since it tests based on cognitive functions. All in all any test requires self awareness or you just get an image of who you think you are or would like to be.If you define selfish as self-ish than yeah but I'd say Fi is empathy and Fe is sympathy. Fi is more self centered in a way that it relates to its own experiences and Fe instead takes excuded emotion as a given in the equation to proceed. Fi requires more of a context to feel connected, Fe only requires the outcome of the context to feel connected.

Ti is more indepth, it wants to know if the variables are actually correct and does the framework actually lead to the conclusions presented or is there an "untruth", generalization in it. Te is only concerned with the end result and leads from there similar as to Fe only takes in the excuded emotion and takes from there.My best friend is an ISTP. Both our outlooks are similar but the approach is miles apart and I love the perspective. Ti seems to be slow but they sure understand things a lot better than I do. My first instinct is to use what I'm seeing as simple as that, I usually am looking 10 steps ahead anyway so stopping seems very irritable.

Well Fe is sympathy and Fi can be empathy is the experience is shared.1. You're on a forum based on generalizations

2. If you're asking someone, be ready to accept the answers

3. If you're not asking someone, why bother worrying about a random viewpoint.

4. A lot about you can be told about the way you write, the things you respond to and how you respond to them.Sometimes I wish I was part of a robotic master race or even better, their leader. Anyways I loved the quote and I've observed this resentment in my Mom (ISFJ).

It's a combination of expectations and fear of being left out I think. Everyone wants to be perceived as good (I really don't understand the need for universal approval though) and then the people who're honest instead are often met with a lot of passive agressiveness as well. Honesty is the best policy and people get accustomed to it after a while but I think most people simply don't want to risk it and hence keep outdoing themselves until they burnout.This is interestingThey seem to be really good at that 1 2 3 physical pursuits and yet seriously can't see their keys in front of them.My roommate is an ISTJ and I think this fits both of us. We can work a lot, not care about health or pressure but it has to be something we believe in doing for any reason.

Also both types give a detached, aloof, selfish and cold outlook apparently although there are specific things that hit deep.Maybe because tertiary alligns with the dominant's outlook i.e. extroverted/ introverted.The charm thoughSo basically we actually don't have any feeling function in our stacks lol, I like it.

Ni Te Ti SeI think OP is trying to say that tertiary oscillates towards extremes either it manifests as really crappy or mindblowing. More like ESXJs can come up with a really unconventional idea when mostly they love convention.

It was something like this that I read somewhere:

Dominant - unconscious strength
Auxiliary- conscious strength
Tertiary - unconscious weakness
Inferior - conscious eeakness

Maybe it's the unconscious part of the tertiary that makes it unpredictable although I'd like hearing what OP has to say to your response.Not really, I mean they're really nice but try to be around them more than they want to and they can't be enough in their heads, it'll irritate them to no end. They won't say it outright but they'll find a way to not be around all the time. Another reason I get along with my ISTP friend so well, there's so much room to breathe. From the first couple of points I got an INFP impression. That would be Ne Si at play I guess.Yup definitely XSXPs definitely have a great sense of style. Si does have it if they were brought up to have it. Extraverted Judgment functions i.e. Fe and TeAs long as you don't listen to them and be oblivious to the fight, I'll beat the ENTJ. Hard to do but not impossibleENTJs are there as well and I don't see XNTPs having a problem. We have tertiary Fi and among 4, probably the strongest morals.Yes this, but you have to be sincere with the boosting along with being subtle or the Ni picks up on it.Nah you'll end up getting mad at the ENTJ for their selfishness and soon won't want to live in such a manipulative world.And they thought we'll lose 🤔Alone we were born, slone we shall die 😂I was referring to INFP not INTP. I would pity an INTJ with an ENFJ therapist. I wonder if ENFJ should be pitied upon too...and here people call "us" selfish. I'm so hurt. Keep your touchy feely hidden it can spread.But love is what binds us all together. Through the bond of love can we only connect to everything and everyone.   Love is the only truth... *Dramatic sigh*That was a joke :P should have added a :p but this thing doesn't have emojis and yes I agree.&gt;you cannot really access someone elses thoughts, unless of course you use your senses to get information about what the person's expression is.

Smells like Se. And well it was sarcasm but I think it's finding a balance between pure logic and emotions since emotions most of the time do not make sense and yet half the population is running on them do I think there's the seen and the unseen, the spiritual and the real, logic and emotions to every valid equation although yes anything that is still ambiguous merely needs a better equation and understanding.ESFP I've observed asked a lot of questions, even the simple things and participated a lot. In group settings, had a habit of taking on any ideas, heard from anyone and simply stating it without giving any credit to anyone. Wanted to be in a group with the 'coolest' people.

ISTJs tend to appear quiet and listening, asking questions depends on what they think of it but they have an annoyed look on their face if they don't agree with how you're behaving although they won't be very vocal. Also they love to teach you and give a very, for lack of a better word, motherly/fatherly vibe when doing so.

ISTPs have I don't really care vibe about them in class but when you are working with them, they have a huge problem if you just jump to the solution and they don't think a certain step should be the way it is. They tend to take longer to understand or agree with things but they do understand it very well when they do. 

ENFJs seem to always be kind of in 'pain' in class like they are focussing really hard. They work hard and don't like showing they don't know something instead they'd always want to help you. Infact they learn by teaching if I can go as far as that. They seem to be slower at times but they really want to be the helper rather than being helped. It's all about, let's do it together, for them.

ESFJs are similar to ENFJs apart from the fact that they don't always want to teach you they just want to follow the process.

INTJs: well I'm quirky and I usually am talking to myself under my breath if there's a question and I also look like I'm intently listening,I node and I laugh at the right times even though sometimes my head is elsewhere. I also might have my hand in the air while thinking and I recently started noting that, I simply don't care when I'm focussed on learning. Often have my head tilted to the side when I've not arrived at a conclusion and am curious. If I've already understood the point and everyone is still on it I just told my head down to avoid being exasperated and wait for everyone to catch on, in rare case no one seems to I might chip in.

Thankyou now I feel better 😂Well one of my two closest friends is one and lets expand on the pity thing. I love how great she's with people and I tell her she can get almost anyone to do anything, but it gets funny when she's counselling me or I, her. I'd be totally: do this, this and this and she'll say things she knows I'd want to hear. She'll be more agreeing in listening to me or people bashing than the solution itself and again gets off on emotional displays so I sometimes have to show emotion just because. Although it's awesome, we have a funny undertone to it where each knows what the other is doing and frustrates the other a little at times. It would certainly magnify as a therapist.When Te gets high... I can't seem to identify INTPs now I'll look for pissed off vibes. Thanks!ENTP and ENFP because of the Ne, it's just all over the place

ENFJ and ESFJ because of the Fe trying to drag you in, kind of, it's very obvious

ENTJ and ESTJ mostly have a take charge vibe and ENTJs have a certain, "follow me", look about them.

Others easy to spot are ISTJs, ISFJs and sometimes INFPsMaybe it's also there deep need to be private yet another need to be liked by a lot of people is very interesting in a way.Quirks like?Won't you be teaching people at social events technically?I always assume I piss off 100% until otherwise proven or until I give a damn.We can be very frightening indeed :pLol just referring to the original ISTP theory Fe in social events and Ni teaching people.Oh well. I'll find one of you to annoy somehow!Funny thing is if I  hang out with you at all that's one of the sure things I'm going to talk to you about or mostly just tell you your type. It was funny reading that. Had an INTJ ask me that too.I do that with my glasses when multitasking since I abhor multitasking but not often. What's it about?Can you show my how? If your bullet goes through your head and you don't die you can have all my money 😂I had an ENTJ tell me atleast two of those lines which is extremely funny. Was working for An ESTJ in spring and that one is right on mark too.I am not very good at chess but I love it, I hate losing though and I intuit mostly but cards and chess are love. It's eerily spot on for most typesTi is very scientific smart though.Yeah anyone in proximity is analyzed but "analyzing" someone consciously means they're heck special. I'm spending my time people.Now that I'm in my late twenties and have been in my head enough, I do want to have some impact on certain things and if need be, I wouldn't mind taking over the world. Although I'm not interested in being a leader, it's just way too much drama and effort, but that's the price you pay for the goal. So world domination is a naunce that you'd have to deal with if you want to succeed. I do like mature ENTJs a lot. You don't have to walk on eggshells really.I don't think we're sad. I think we don't mind not having many friends.Then make some or die and get some. Yup 🤔Let me rephrase that for you

Fi : Has conviction, morals and gives a perspective, a deep purpose and meaning to things that you really can't get out of any other function. Fi has spirit really even though it can be very self indulgent in a way but so are all introverted functions in one way or another.That dramatic? 🤔Oh well 😒Don't be dramatic nowActually have a very good imagination and can tune out from this to that in a blink of an eye while still being awake and consciously here, if that's living in another world.Can you use them as a torch?So where are you happiest?I know I won't hate cancelled plans to social events (I'm basically jumping up and down laughing and singing on the inside when that happens) unless I was planning and it was something important or something I was passionate about.To evolve into an INFJ you'll need to reverse the polarity of all your functions and move them around. One letter does make a lot of difference.And here I never thought of prouncing them at all. Take the tests that test cognitive functions. Similarminds has one of those.How would having Myers Briggs be relevant to if people in 12th century were intuitives or sensates?I've often thought along these lines, past intuitives had it pretty bad indeed.I'd say XSXJ is the norm mostly. XSTPs are considered cool though. Si is pretty common for some messed up reason.The reason I want to do weird stuff when I'm stressed. Very weird indeed!Have an ISTP relate to your ESTP relation with my ISTP.

ISTJs for me are dutiful, humble and very good at being a guide and I respect them obviously but almost never count them to be loyal unless they think of you as someone they're under in the social hierarchy or look upto you.

With ENFJ the thing is they are very very good at reading people and the only edge I have with mine is dom Ni, which means I mostly pick up on it. So we basically talk about everything, my ENFJ shares a lot and it is not exactly superficial but I'm extremely cautious around them and divulge only sepected information whereas they tend to divulge false information or use manipulation at times because they think that's what I want to hear which gets me through the roof, since I tend to not judge except for dishonesty.

The reason for friendship is my admiration of their people skills and their admiration for 'I've no idea' but they were the ones who tried very hard to be in my circle.

Don't even get me started on the ESXJs.

Wish had an ENTP friend but have yet to meet a woman of the type. 

Posts like these make me want to have a few more friends.I said scientist in my preschool that's one of the very very few memories I have and at times I wajt to have atleast some memories.Specific!That one doesn't pan out very well friendI find ENTPs the most disasturous, they have that charming Fe and you get the joke, it's quirky funny and then they add a weird expression at the end and itxs like, what are you even doing!Exactly that, I'm a woman and seriously people it wasn't unfunny.

There's this thing with the world where everyone wants to say how their problems are bigger. I mean everyone has problems, just deal with it that you're not a snow flake and it's not a competition.

And yes we can agree on that.First of all the first statement in your post will put most people off and label you as an unhealthy person.

I'm a woman and yes females can be at times dramatic but guys can be absolute flirts. Here I evened it out for you. Now that it's out of the way the only person who I know says that about other women is an ESFJ and frankly she's dramatic to say the least.

You can't be a woman and bash other woman, that shows insecurity at best. Coming out of that, I get called cold, I had to call myself a bitch the other day just to get out of drama, I get male humor very well and I have dark humor myself. I've the luxury to express my emotions at times unlike many men even if I don't like it much and I'm pretty masculine on the inside. I used ro be the one fixing things around the house, I love tech and yes I'm logical (surprise) and all my best friends are females and yes they're not dramatic and they are smart, logical and wonderful people and even funnier we all have the looks and it's never been a problem, because believe it or not popularity is not everyone's ambition. Decency is a quality of people not gender.

So right now you seem like you need to get older and rethink things a little or you'll get bashed a lot. It happens when you phrase things like this, you get hatred. As for the type, take a cognitive test on similarminds, those work the best for me.

I think m is entp, the one who asks for $20 for a better exampleSo did m get a job a Goldman Sachs or is he still dreaming?Tissues?

My last two rather strong crushes were ENTJs.HahahaISTPs have exactly the same functions in opposite order. Just curious what do you find attractive about them?Kakashi and Sasuke both clearly jumped out as INTJ to me. Clearly tert Fi behind ambitions for Kakshi it's losing Obito something that drives him forward and is the basis for his rule book and for Sasuke it's his brother.Not really sure not too into enneagrams. I'd say 3 for both of them.As long as you admit your jokes are shitty, we're goodLol as far as I'm concerned, you don't discover me unless I want to be discovered!Yes there's no excuse to keep shitty people in your lifeNext time it's happening just say that when you do this I don't feel good instead I get demotivated to work and it's not healthy.I had an INFP tell me I was being negative influence because of a comment I passed when I was sleep deprived and they took it as it targeted them although I didn't for a second think of targeting them in my head not even of the implication that they said it had. I was dealing with shitty things and I hate expressing emotions or saying I'm messed up and I use humor but I understood this was a problem and my fault and that was going to be a problem long term. It takes a lot of effort on my part to be around people and I just decided not to hang out anymore because it was not helping anyone. I did think they were very smart but I was slightly pissed because I didn't mean to offend and they knew it was a shitty time for me.

Overall, don't be with a friend if the friendship isn't beneficial for you, you're wasting time and resources and lowering your self esteem.This is goodLove the first oneLove yourself a little tooYou can't always be right makes me want to take it as a challenge lolIn my room, actively avoiding people and eliminating ways they can communicate with me unless it serves a purpose or you're my rare few people.I see you, I feel you, I understand you! 

Or something along the lines...Ok so I can see that, I had an INFJ good friend and she appeared colder and more boring than, no offense to me, but me. I think it gets cured with time and as people get to know you. One thing I really really want to say is don't hide your artistic flares and your anime obsessions, it really doesn't need to be perfect, it just needs to be seen. You people are so quiet that no one gets to see the awesomeness. Get out of your shell a little!Not sure about other INTJs but I sbsolutely hate multitasking. For me it's sequential, can't have half my brain here and half there.

I'd say ENTPs would be great at multitasking maybe even their default mode of operation is that. That's Ti... I love them and the TiSe actually gets very useful solutions which are different to NiTe but Ti also needs to understand the ins and outs of things before they can agree. I've not seen the impatience but every Ti user I've met has had an expression of, "why don't you get it, it's so simple" and given Fe in their stack they seem to not outright state it and may appear impatient.

Would love to hear what the XSTPs have got to say on this though.Affirmation is a legitimate technique to get people to not blame themselves, saying you understand gets them out of many negative outcomes of the situation really but yes it seems more Fi.Yup this...Scientifically you can't multitask just switch focus really quickly and yes it isn't effective but then I have a theory as to why some P types may be good at it.Yup yup yup... Absolutely agreeAstrology is going to have a word with you...Oh yeah thinking signs are all air. Feeling ones are all water. Sensing or grounding ones are earth and passionate ones are fire. Once upon a time, long long ago, I studied the shit out of it and rhen decided it was absolute crap.Oh no I did moom signs, sun signs, ascendants, implications, degrees you name it... I just still thought it was crap.Sorry it was a mistype..." implications" I meant.It's not an obligation just a possibility. Don't worry too much.Definitely have that!Here have a candy!Naah suicide isn't logical in the long run. Yes it makes sense at times but there are way too many cons compared to the pros. You could do it on a hunch but never decide on it.Yeah I get that. I want to become a part of the air at times which ofcourse doesn't lead to anything. I'd mostly like to be invisible.Yes knew that but gonna make useful dreams still.Sounds like it sucks half the time.We need an F to make you feel better. I suck at the job.We need an F to make you feel better. I suck at the job.Is it social ineptness or is it simply irritating to walk on egg shells with people.I'd love having those. I never have fond nostalgic memories. Mine are weird sad impressions.Erm... INFJI hate egg shells. If it weren't for the egg shells I might occassionally like people.Point being I know Fe is community function and people need to have it, it helps in building relationships and I have respect for those that use it yada yada yada...

But trying to use it (heaven's forbid I've tried), is exhausting even if useful. I'd rather have an Fe friend on hand to translate it for me.What do you have in mind apart from the possibility of such a relationship?So what do you do then. Is it hard making decisions?Maybe others have it different but this is what I can think of: 

Certain scenario XYZ

Ni: Do I want to get into this in the long run and does this somehow contribute to my goal. Is this worth the time?

(after it's decided it's useful in the long run)

Te: so okay this is what we want and we need to do A, B and C, I think we can skip C it's done somewhere and we can use the model. A and B should take this much time and this is where we can get the resources.

Fi: Make sure there are no morals issues or you'll hate it even if you did it

Te: shut up! I already considered that because I know how stubborn you are, we are spending more time because of that already.

Se: I really want to have a chocolate cookie let's get one!I know it's important for the world but doing it is just so hard and exhausting even when I mean well. I understand why people use it but I can't relate to them for sure, it feels like there life is really hard with having to focus on everyone and how to get everyone to go along.Every function has a talent and an intelligence that the other does not. It's self indulgent to assume yours are better because of what you use but self preserving to not jump into what you have no skill for.It actually goes both ways S's dominate in the real world and bully N's and N's sit on their computers and talk about how dumb S's are.

And yes that was a huge generalizationPeople will kill others out of compassion and everyone will check with everyone else before starting work, rudeness will not be tolerated at all and the their will be systems based on compassionate judgement i.e. for the satisfaction of humanity this person should die brutaly in bad scenarios.

Also the currency system would be replaced by the exchange system (pardon my terms, they're not exactly the right ones but you get the meaning)yeah well you can't but you can try. An ISTJ or ISTP

ISTJ because they'll keep to themselves and are just as efficient plus they'll consider day to day essentials without drama

ISTP because they bring the solutions exactly that I don't think of while keeping it practical. Also they're just as independant.

Nice!

What's with the numbering though? Also, you missed us.Sounds like some skill to haveGet me that black will you.ISTJ. My roommate is a lit like you. It's a close call and you know best but your descriptions are very similar to the ISTJs I know.I got a rebel but I relate more to the Questioner tbh.Also they'll be very responsibleThat's hurtful, punching our Te.Yeah go with IXTJs. EXTJs might kill you the first chance they get if you go very far into pissibilities which have no application. Then we put it under a microscope and realise it's the tears. On further analysis of the composition of the end product it can be possible to extrapolate on the probable causes.Can I hier you to mercy kill someone else for a small fee?This was a useful readAww I always thought I was a useless alien. Thankyou This... the reason I have an ISTP friend that I can't seem to unlove.Yes we are also not emotionless robotsThey're good at grounding, yes. Just make sure you keep aware of the anger.INFPs can be tasty when well cooked in case you run out of food. Make sure to add spices though if you like them.Should preserve the taste so yeah.It's a lie and it hurts me in my none robotic heart not being a robot.Not ISTJs, they're pretending merely.In crisis both lose their minds you need one cool headed person paired with an XSFJ for crisis.ISTPs are like ok i'll take the test as long as it's not too long...

ISTJs will take the long test but still say that it's generalized or there's atleast one model they believe in.

ESFJs will have a painful look about them when you tell them not everyone is alike and only changed by the experiences in their lives.

Not sure about othersI like eagle. Maybe a wolf would be nice too.Well notify me please when he bas taken over the world I'd like to take it back from him. Tell him he's an idiot and you already have a plan of takkng over the world which will overwrite his plan.

Talk about delusional. Sorry I just read the first two paragraphs and the answet is based on those.Lol maybe it's tert Si or Se and the case isn't closed jk some of us have high regard for a lot of sensor types. You can't put xSTPs with XSFJs. Actually requires Te and your Ti should be able to sum everything up in a line. Stop using your Ne to give excuses and get to work.Thanks for the explanation. This I can find useful and also retentive in reference to the whole theory itself. I'll probably read more into it now that I find it a little more engaging.

I also was of the view that Ne starts off Si and Ni is based on Se.

Also the perspective of tert as mobilizer is interesting. I probably need a lot more reading to do on this but thanks for the feedback. I'm only superficially aware of the theory and pronably wanted a perspective to see if I agreed enough to delve into it.You're busy in the head atleast. That accounts fir something and I wouldn't call it lazy but a thought passed is a thought that never existed.In an SJ dominated society like 'merica' Ni is considered crazy, weird, superstitious for a better word. That's how people are with unfamiliar things but you gotta find a way.I'd try that ☺So basically I type everyone but with this girl I got to hangout and I told her type and she took the test and got the type. That was a nice moment.

Although it's just instinctive with some types, it's hard to type every type for instance I often get ESTP mixed with other types given the lack of ESTPs in my life and the lack of other types that I'm mistyping for ESTP.

Anyhow, now that I have bragged, I guess once you've seen and been with a few of the types there are just some common behavioural patterns. For one ENTJs are too easy because of the strong presence and so are ESTJs. ESFPs I've met are great at picking things up, no one else saw and copying as well etc etc etcSo how was that ENFP mother and ESTJ son?Yes I have been called intimidating although if you hangout with me and we're close I'm the kind of person you can make fun of and I like ppl around me happy so I'm a lot more goofy at times compared to most Fs I'm around. I don't like being the joke though but I'd even suppress that for ppl I like i.e. am hanging out with.No you're not. Someone will have to make you care enough to scare you enough.Not really scared. I just hate anyone messing with my plans because I accidently stepped wrong without even meaning. When I have to watch over my shoulder, it's annoying.

INFP's because you can step wrong and if they take it personally it feels like crap and annoying

ESTJs can be petty if you start off wrongYupOh yeah I see your point. ENTPs are fine though.May I ask why specifically though? Is it the Ne? Or the lack of Fi?I see what you mean. Interesting analysis and thankyou for the detailed response.It's the don't care attitude that gets them the reputation.Yup blocked simply!Lol it's gold definitely upvote 🤣You must be an SJ if people convinced you to change your type Yeah my first 2 posts are about do all of us INTPs do that. Funny how generic at times stereotypes can be. Now I know INTJ and INTPs both can have more than one idea and both can focus on one thing and being an INTJ you still can be in your head a lot.Who are you?No it isn't.Oh I thought this was u/-ISTPDaddy 's other account. Thanks for the infoThanks for summing up and you didn't mention INTJs.Yeah well as long as block only requires one click I don't mind.Yeah well that would be nice but it's really easy making accounts on reddit.Why do you hate kittens again?INTJ on the first test

INTJ 5w4 with 351 tritype and have high scores in 8 and 1 as well

Given all that I think I've read so much by this time that I can subconsciously skew tests enough to never tell me otherwise. Basically confined in a box!Theoretically yes but no one wants to be ordinary when there's special snowflakes. We all tend to avoid looking at our demons for some weird reason. Also not everyone will question themselves rigorously to find the truth is you must call itYes! I still don't think I'm a lot of things that INTJs are supposed to be for one I'm not at the top when it says "it's lonely at the top" etc etc etc I probably think I can get the tests to give me any type and maybe I like INTJ on some subconscious level so I get it because I hate losing and like getting what I want but this also correlates to not knowing yourself well enough so I research more and the cycle never ends. At some point you've to be like, whatever it's a tool not an instruction manual.I can confirm Ni Se without TeSo should I be an INTJ with Sun libra, moon Sagittarius and ascendant Leo? Won't I be an extrovert with all those fire and air signs.Yup know a libra istpI think I got goat on Chinese so nope hate those.If you had a libra sun and sagitarius moon you'd been an INTJ. What the sun and moon can do alas.But these are the most important ones... 🙄My mars i think was in aries and my venus can't be anywhere nice, must be in a war sign somewhere haah.Verbally abused? Lol what about who wants to abuse them verbally?The one's I've met are not like that though. They dom't take sarcasm personally or anything and probably don't get hurt but they hardly speak that language. They're more disinterested if anything and are probably just want to get to whatever shit they want get done. They hardly seem the type to go under the surface of things.Hmm I prefer it more than the usually sugar coated version but have rarely come across ppl who do enjoy that. Hence the question. One of my only and closest friend is an ISTP and I think I can relate the truth part to her. I'll even go as far as to say that might be the basis of our friendship. But I wonder if ISTPs enjoy sarcasm at all. Ouch not that kind of liking that stuff. That drives me crazy really, you're broken let me fix you mentality.

I'm talking about "hey you're shit", "not more than you are" type of thing.Erm not as in they're not deep in thoughts, more as un they don't prefer to dwell when it can be explained or is xlear on the surfacr.Yeah I meant intellectual banter without having feelings hurt. Not the I need to fix you kindFind me, please! I tend to annoy ppl a lot lol.How would you like to define it?Yes I could write a novel on the whole, "no I don't need to be fixed" thing.EXTJs are tough, when they argue they come on too strong but if you hold your ground they like it more then if you just let them have it. Ofcourse don't meddle with the work or waste their time but otherwise I think it should be yes.That's exactly what I meant. Sounds awesome really!Yes that! I hope they can make some abstract image based or symbol based tests. Or atleast questions that don't have the undertone "you don't like going to a party, 1 point for introversion"Yes that! I hope they can make some abstract image based or symbol based tests. Or atleast questions that don't have the undertone "you don't like going to a party, 1 point for introversion"Yeah that part I get.Fe hates me and Fi wants you to walk on eggshells and yet we need those ppl so much to have working communities.Political opinions, yes! Strong dedication to a party? NO! More like an irritation with it not being a better system.Fe users are more alligned to trends. Fi users are more interested in the moral of those trends so it makes sense for Fi isers to have no commitments whatsoever to politics if it does not effect their world view. Infact Fi can empathize very well and Fe can seem very committed if the majority around them is committed to an opinion.This is a very very bad generalization but Ti and Fi can look alike at times. I usually find ISTPs to give very very short responses and unless required won't share their opinion.Erm... fact check, ISTJ have tert Fi! Not high either and have I ever seen an ISTJ emote? No!I was going to ask about ISTJs too. So basically IXTPs are doomed?Yeah an overactive Se that when not fed enough starts seeing things as a rebellion lol. ESTJs are more vocal about things and somehow Fi slips through. ISTJs are more aware of their emotions and therefore more cautious for it to not show.

Ever wondered why ENTJs have short fuses and INTJs have very long onesNaah I'm actually not sure about her type at all. I was just saying that Fi tert is not more exp than Fi inf.Lol they seem like that. They do things like that too but there's always someone i.e. family they would sacrifice themselves for. I guess tert Fi is like that very very selective but intense. They do rather than say mostly.I have a roommate and I tend to come off friendly in the start i.e. quick filtering, she'll be consistent throughout and although she knows the social ins and out very very well, people assume she doesn't care. I had a few convos with her at the very start and we got each other very well. But we're notorious loners but it's such a bliss living with her not having to worry about drama, dishes, trash. We have never had one argument and sometimes hearing her on a call I can tell how much ppl that matter to her, matter to her.Still better than a goat.You judged them, you must be an Fi dom :P Kidding kidiing kiddingLol good one 😂What are the shapes doing on the ceiling? Why are they on the ceiling? What does the ceiling mean? Why is the ceiling in the universe? Maybe it's a delusion and the shapes appear like straight line because our brain is trained to see them like that. Must invent my own shapes. Basic sensor does not understand the complexity of the shapes.

Just a prank bro, chill lol :PWhich one of those wiggly things is the triangle again?Here have a cookie, we know it whenever we meet you and yes you're smart and funny.Can you fix cars though?I'm not a mastermind. Yesss!Sounde reasonable.That's a very reasonable point.An ISFP friend of mine said she was an INFP and she got herself tested. She reaked of ISFPness.I started their and got INTP and then read so much and every other test gives me INTJ but I have this view that I subconsciously related to INTJs in the start and somehow now I skew tests and something that worries me is that I might not get my real type ever and then I realise it's a crappy thing to waste time doubting.You name though.See it's crappy we need better tests.I read a lot, I relate to it, I have looked at myself very objectively, how others will look at me. Who I really am but there's so much intuitive bias and given I'm a very self confident person I might as well attach to a stereotype of that. I'm not really unsure but posts like these make me think if it's intuitive bias going on in here too. Funny thing is I definitely love ISTXs a lot so I shouldn't be very biased but oh well.Also ISTJs are some of the best researchers I know and definitely smart. I wonder when did the whole special snowflakes thing started.I come here whenever I need a break from work tbh which is oftenIndeed it has, has it not?They help us ground ourselves I'd sayNaah too many of us love youDid it?Which part?Is it weird that I don't remember most of my childhood. The only memories I seem to have are the ones someone told me i.e. like I used to collect a lot of things in my tiny bag and everything missing from the house was in my bag. Also, I just went away at times and slept if I was tired, once I was found sleeping in the tv trolley.Scientist from first grade.LolYeah I have a few flashes when someome mentions something related. Hey i don't step on the edges of slabs still. Not because of the game, I just like having equal number of steps on each step. Makes me feel accomplished. Ofcourse on my free days only though.I do this sometimes to make myself work quicker.It's time for my walk lol 🤔Hi RossThat requires too much talking and explaining. If they wanted to do it, they'd have done it.LolBecause FiNe SiTeI'm not sure if they're an INFP but I've related sentiments in not very polite way. Basically they can put whatever they want on their blog it's none of anyone's business. It's their blog they have to live with it, right or wrong eventually they'll find tgeir true type. It really isn't any of your business.It's internet, there are tons of ppl with tons of views and tons of misinformation and frankly even if the test at 16personalities sucks they could be that type anywayIt's funny, stereotypical but funny.Just started watching and no way in hell I care that much about breakfast. Nor am I that organized, sure it's simple, sophisticated and clean and I'm definitely no mess and I know what I have to do but seriously I wish I was like that. That's just way too much planning for something that doesn't need much planning. No idea but I too hate multitasking, pick my battles wisely, come of as confrontational when I'm making a point, appear extremely calm and controlled on the surface and mostly am (inside at times I'm such a mess for certain people). 

Want it to be my way! I try thinking that everyone has a certain type of smartness to offer so I look at the skillset and I usually understand that in people but yeah a little superiority complex needs to be curbed.

Also yes to overcomplicating everythingISFJs are especially grounded and good natured and ESFJ on your good side are great!ISTPs for friends, ISTJs for sharing a space or work, INFJs for a psychoanalyzing partner, ENFJs for social stuff, ENTJs for success.

Basically all types on your good side can do wonders if both of you learn from each other but I definitely love ISTPs and ENTJs the most. Haven't really known an INTP closely but the ones I've met I like.I was raised by an ISFJ mother, all my family is sensors and my mom believes in daily dressing up and certain routines like applying certain products daily, having a certain type of meal, but never have I ever... Being modest is your choice. By choosing that, you choose to not brag about your good traits (i.e. i'm the most humble person or something like that) but it is not your choice to choose how others live their life.

Don't get me wrong, I absolutely get the cringe factor when someone misinformed brags about their misinformation as if they are well informed but 1) you have no proof of they are misinformed about 'a psiedo science' 2) It's absolutely their problem.

You can suggest and present you POV, you can't expect everyone to have that point of view or force your values on someone else hence my irritation with the post.  Ahh the lost unicorn, I guess it's easier to identify as an INTJ. We're simply arrogant jerks lol but an INFJ would be complex to embody.I wish I was a mastermind would be so cool plotting world domination in my lab and here I keep missing basic syntax on my code.I keep thinking I'm one of those people who have better developed Fi but I'm absolutely not sure. Everytime I meet an INFP my Fi is embarassed so not sure how developed it is. I believe I empathize and try to never judge people which I'm really good at but that's about it.I know a few. Haven't been very close because accidently seem to hurt them but they're kind of really nice, humble, responsible, caring, attentive to everyone's emotional state and sensitive. I kind of have respect for them but the way I talk I always seem to step wrong somehow. They're nice people though!What enneagram type would have that issue? Just curious.This is nice to read.Naah not very creative. So that doesn't work?I guess it's more a T/F thing... maybe????? Yeah I know one INFJ that has it too. We talked about serial killers, she was the only one that I ever talked to about serial killers for some reason.But the only ESTJ I've met was hell bent on getting me fired...

No I know few awesome ones as well, as long yoi're on the good side they're gold.You wish...Here have a hug. *leaves the cell phone to hyperventilate and recharge*Those homo sapiens make me feel so squishy inside.I think about 5 years back I was crying and a friend suddenly came in the room and she gave me a hug and I was shocked and amazed and it kind of felt nice. I tend to not like physical contact a lot unless I'm close with you or like you or trust you.Seriously it's an opinion it changes as you grow and experience more things. You judge people, types if it makes you feel better, races, colors etc etc etc and at thr end of the day everyone knows that everyone else is a person. I'm sure most ppl have the same opinion as yourself so don't stress about it too much.

Also, this is a subreddit not an authentic news channel and everyone has an opinion one way or another that they share.I came here to say that too lol "I HATE having fun!"Not odd really. The world would be a choas if we had 75% intuitives around and not enough sensors.

But even so it seems it's more about Si vs Ni. Tradition vs rebellion in a way. You need more structure in the society for it to survive but also a few strays here and there to push it forward so it doesn't die of stagnation . Thus, many Si doms and a few Ni doms.I'm so enlightened that I seem to be emitting light.Oh come on there has to be classy sexy. Or add atleast some wild edge. When do you think that weird inferior Se shows up if not in sexy costumes.Basically everything is in the eye of the beholder. If you're blind you are basically screwed.Thank you...It's like an intuitive fixing a car or cooking lol. Yes in a hurry you need the standing one because ofcourse it won't fall and cause you more trouble.This is giving me an ocd, the last one and the second one.Naah I wouldn't want to get fused or turned off.If I'm the bulb and I don't get ro choose I simply fuse.Okay so most ppl that post type ne posts are very new to the community. At the start there's a lot of curiosity and a lot to learn and if you're a rare type it finally feels like you're not a weirdo and there are others like you. Thus a lot of stupid stereotypes and lame posts are posted, eventually you grow out of it and therefore we merely need to give others time to grow as well without criticizing and yes gently reminding them that mbti is not that is also nice.Disclaimer: Basing this on mostly stereotypes for fun and just guessing

IXFP : Trump

EXFJ: Dying Alone

ISTJ: student loan, debt

Bugs, Roaches: INTP

Going blind: ENTP

Patriarchy: XSFJ

My ex's: ESXP

Burnout: EXFP

Heights : XSTJs

My past repeating for next gen: INFJ

long line on top about people being logs in machine : ISFP

Exams: ISXJ

Fear: EXTJ

Life after death: ISTP

failure: XNTJThat little disclaimer I can relate to in my every conversation lol

And yes ESFJ friend of mine is huge on feminism even without studying the actual theory.
If you phrase it diplomatically, I agree!Alas! The inevitable power of sugar coatingNo I've quite a few ESFJs with this, it's strange and yes I thought of bugs as INXP thing because of the PoLR Se but oh well.Interesting perspective on failing a little so large one becomes easy. I plan too much and try to never feel failure so I'll always get up.Fear of failure is the most common fear I think. Nothing to do with mbti. It's just that types that value work a lot more over play tend to take failure more seriously.

Also ESFJs are extremely hardworking and also failure puts a bad light on them. There can be a post on why each type fears failure if an INFJ felt like writing that one lol.Yes exactly.Actually there seem to be a few ESTJ-ENTJ couples out there and somehow they work. ESTJs are strong and no nonsense and are on the top of the details and ins and outs so ENTJ doesn't need to worry about that and ENTJs are well ENTJs.Lol it's more like adorable.Lol this makes me INFP... F because I don't like manipulating others unless it's crucial or if they crossed me. P because even though I love being challenged I hate failing and therefore at times avoid challenging situations. And hey your S is not fair to sensors, they're really good at finding the beauty in the intricate details.Well after I got INTP then researched cognitive functions and went to INTJ, I had a feeling I might be an Fi dom since I believed that my Fi was bery strongly developed and I compared a lot and tried reading a lot about INFPs. 

Thing was I couldn't relate at all and if you meet an Fi dom and type them right you realise the tertiary Fi is a joke to dom Fi and your well developed Fi is merely a conviction to the morals you picked up. 

It doesn't help that IXTJs are considered soulless because personally I FEEL a lot. You'll have to really analyze your interactions with other people, how you judge them to see if you're an Fi dom.Personally I've failed a lot and my strategy usually is to eat some ice cream, cry a little (it's a proven stress reliever), sleep on it and plan for how to get over it the very next day with big failures. I simply look at my options and opt the best well simultaneously pursuing a few other back up trains of thought. But it helps that I dom't give a damn about what anyone thinks as long as they don't insult me on my face. But I can see how very hard it can be for every EXXJ actually.Came here to see who posted this.I am mistyped. Help!The ENFP trait of being trustworthy and likeable and easy social graces. On the surface atleast. Being socially liked would help eons.I was just planning for how to run my bussiness and who to have on the time when I don't even have a business. Yeah a bit carried away day dreaming.The problem being I never go back to it. I have a fear of reading my old ideas for sime strange reason.Yeah I so need a close NT. My famly is all SJ and SP's and my best friend is an SP and just 2 NF's. I love the conversations with NTs but there are none around.Lol sure but online never really works out for long. Thanks though and love sarcastic humor, witty puns and bad memes ☺It's complicated. Sometimes you don't know yourself as well as you believe, it helps to simply remember what people have said about you or their opinions. 

I realised I wasn't an Fi dom by meeting Fi doms. Ti doms are well different as well, Ni is not a judgement function but Ti is so maybe you'd want to factor in that too. 

It'll never be absolute what type you are since we're talking about a psuedo science but you kind of have to make do with the generalizations that fit best and how you can best use them to be the better version of yourself. The end goal is not what box you fit in but how understanding yourself improves you.Out of curiosity, Fi is empathetic and can jump into another shoes with ease or so it's assumed than why do some Fi doms have a vibe that's condescending and judgemental. Is it thr unhealthy side? Looks like this from the outside or just a consequence of having such innate understanding of the human nature if I must state it like that.Yes make it TJs are lame but seriously some of us love meme's when we have absolutely nothing else to do... jk Most of us I think.Someone was bound to say this. We need atleast one great test to eliminate the doubt once and for all.Yes ISTPs are the epitome of Fe indeed. But you have a point although I like memes.Lol type?Dressing well and looking impeccable and making sure nothing is out of place is what I start to worry about when I actually care about something or someone. Infact I remeber if I really cared about an exam I was taking I'd make sure I looked nice and had my favourite dress ready the previous night. So there may be a point to your post. I also try to be charming and empathetic when need be but do I drain in seconds...

Now I'm not unempathetic or don't dress indecently because I'm non judgemental and usually a minimalist (black please) in clothing but when I'm nervous to present my best self I do those things.It has something to do with unhealthy thinkers -&gt; asshole-ismJust curious would it make the train stop if when half of it was turning the lever was moved back to the straight track.Correction J types don't judge. Judging functions judge, your Ti judges and so does Fe, Te, Fi. The difference being in what is being judged. Perceiving functions are Ni, Ne, Si, Se. The reason judgers have the J as the last letter is bevause the judging function is outward oriented (Te, Fe) and the judgements are based on the external world criterion.Lol I thought of halfway but it maybe binary. Thing that irritates me is not 1 or 5 people it's the fact that someone told me to make a choice and choosing either makes them win. The problem is essentially the train and not the people and if there's an effecrive way to even slow it down enough I'd rather do that. Tbh killing one person or five people can not be justified in anyway. I'd rather not make the choice even if it means that choice kills 5 people because the choice is not mine to make.

The only thing I would be willing to do is untie the one person or find a way to stop the train. People are not my concern making the choice and the reasons behind that choice is the concern.XNXX?IndeedThis seems like a triproduct.Yes and hence derailing the train. Doing just about anything other than choosing between the twoDarling derailing as in not setting it to fire or killing ppl as in finding another way, semantics got in the way. It could be making it halt or something because there's always a way and not just the two choices given. My only point is that choosing between 4 ppl vs 1 ppl is not my choice to make and neither is moral no matter how ppl defend it. 

As for me being an INTJ who knows... maybe you could spend more of your time finding out my type ajd letting me know instead of asking me since if I knew otherwise I wouldn't have bothered with calling myself one given INTJs tend to have a reputation for arrogant, judgemental jerks these days... maybe because me or you tend to so hesitently jump to conclusions.I wasn't referring to that interestingly.Well I could be an ENTP but unfortunately I'm not a creative genius as the ones I've met, not charming, not a smooth talker and definitely not buzzing with wonderful ideas as much as I'd like to be.

Yes you have a point that derailing is a choice but the original problem was you missing my original point and catching me on semantics. So I'll admit derailing is a choice and will cause the train to crash but given that my point was not "derailing" it was not choosing from the given choices because that's the intent of the experiment in the first place. If this is a situation I have to deal with the best bet seems to pull the lever and try to untie 1 person in time and if pressed for time, just letting the 4 die if there isn't enough time because there's not enough evidence to put 4 above 1 just because of quantity given no data of quality of those 4 vs 1. But in a real situation like that there's always another solution.I was looking forward to reading Si, Se and Ne as well. Ti seems to have received less of a distinguished representation. Overall this was a very interested reading so thankyou.

Your Ni description is of someone completely bonkers but that actually does make sense although Ni is impacted by the next function same as T and F doms are given meaning through the auxiliary functions, S amd N are given direction by the judgement functions are otherwise are a subjective landscape without reason. The quote was very relateable and overall an interesting read.My parents are ISFJ and ESTP. Both types don't possess Te or Fi. My siblings are ESTP and ISFP so one of them has Fi and Te.My opinion as well.SJs are far more common compared to SP, NF and NTsWeird I hold almost the same opinion. Yes I identify with a religion and actually pray to a God and yet I also absolutely agree with your opinion as well. For me it's been after a lot of study, a slight leaning to one side offering a better way of life as a person and a lot of peace offering has convinced me to lean towards that side. My brain agrees and lies right where yours does but my belief still remains intact. It's a win win mostly.

Anyways I'm not afraid to die because if there's no God then well nothing will make me happier then to stop existing but if there's a God I'd rather I was on good terms with them. So either way I want to be prepared for the outcome.I have a strange fear of emails/text msgs and calls if I'm not expecting it because I always think it's going to be soemthing bad I guess. Would you call it a PoLR Fe fear then.Yeah I read the perceiving function descriptions. Funny thing is Ni has a very abstract, delusional and illogical leaning yet it is stubborn. The stubborness is not because it is not open to the unconvensional or the contradictory, quiet the contrary infact, it is because it understands but maybe can not convey. Therefore as long as it does not work with it's Fe/Te it is always miscommunicating and appears like a nutjob.

I liked your mention of indian culture as reference to Ni, I think the monk and buddhism would have a lot of acceptance for it as well but that's one application of Ni. Ni on it's own is unacceptable to a society that is based in reality, but Ni in disguise of Fe and Te can appear very put together, in focus and grounded.Ok so I can actually visualize an excited ENFP showing everyone how they fix this amazing thing.  It's Te! And as your tertiary function you like using it but you're not amazing at it i.e. hyper good at some parts of it but not the full extent. Ti usually likes to understand the system more than use it. An INTP is so absorbed in whatever framework they're pursuing that wallpaper changing may never cross their mind i.e. the absent minded professor stereotype. If an INTP took am interest in computers for instancr they'd know a lot about the components, the framework and the underlying tech better than a Te user but probably installing an app, fixing brightness, new operating system might now excite them so or be of importance to them. (pardon me if I'm over simplifying or not presenting a correct description of INTPs)Really thankyou for this response and saying the ISTJ part out loud. Do you want an image or a site? Good type stats by looking at almost any image you'll see about 46% are SJs, 28-30% are SPs and the rest are Ns. Well as tempting as it would be yo do my own survey on the sources, I simply don't have enough time to waste. So I'll leave you to prove how all types are equally common given you're providing credible sources for your argument. I said more common and then used about which does not claim exact after you asked for sources and I looked up the most recent image I came across for the ratios. Seriously public stats aside I do not have one N in my family. 1 NF as a cousine and one NT as an uncle all others are Sensors. Saying all types are equally distributed isn't even an argument it's called uninformed stubborness.I think I don't really register it. I have a set framework and contigency plans and I'm always expecting either scenario so getting rejected is something I already acknowledged and thought about before it happened. I was prepared for it and jump to my next plan.

If I'm not expecting rejection (whoch I always am because I hate being surprised) it gets messy. With people usually I try to assess their interest in initial interactions before I really invest and if somehow it comes from someone close or loved one initially I just have this logic that everyone has a choice and right to make a choice and it's fine if they don't want me and rationally I leave it at that. Underneath things happen like I'll probably start crying when I'm alone at night or get really lazy, eat for the sake of eating and then I have to understand that I'm not okay with it and that bugs me so I give myself a pep talk and me and myself work through my emotions.Erm... 😯All cognitive functions as dominant and raise to the power n. Omnipotency i.e. Can see the future exactly, Understands the past absolutely, Knows exact for everything, the ultimate morality and what it is, the ultimate truth and what that is. What will make what work and makes it work, what will make them come together as a group and does that. So essentially He'll be an 8 dimensional being or more where each dimension is merged into the other and the whole is the individual and the combined.  Not to mention humble and hardworking. Same goes for ISTJs. I swear they're better scientists. I envy them and their detail oriented, grounded, hardworking, smart selves.Okay this might sound cliche but "You're who you're, better than some people in some aspects and worse than some in some aspects. That defines you to an extent the rest is about what you're going to do about it all. How you'll hone your skills, what you won't let your weakness be, how you'll recover from failures and if you'll let some damned function tell you if you can or can't do what you want to. So whoever you are right now make sure that at the end of the day you say I am trying my best to be what I want to be and someday you're going to get there"[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/graphology/comments/9je6we/hey_this_has_two_speeds_and_two_types_of_pens_and/?utm_source=reddit-android) is a post I made some time ago on r/graphology . There's my writing, and an analysis of personality based on the writing.Erm should be gender free technically. I think there's He, She and the gender neutral.It's an adorable image...Rejection is a part of growing. Best of the best get rejected and that's how we learn how to become better. Sure it hurts at the time but it's a blessing in disguise.The stereotypes most commonly associated with doctors before the typed prescriptions came along. This needs to be seen.I can see all S children extremely pissed by how out of touch of reality can their parents be.Ah! The right way of getting typed!This was interestingBelieve it or not the more people of various types I meet the more I admire how SJs are smart

ESFJs and ISTJs are really smart in their own way and can beat you anytime you get your head in the clouds or lose focus.

ESTJs and ISFJs are still damn hardworking and INTJs only do well when we've learned to pay attention to details as well and work hard. INTP's are smart as hell but you can't beat SJs social manuevering combined with the hardwork, unless you are well developed and have social smarts.

Of the NTs ENTJ work the hardest and ENTPs have the street smarts which is also very important smarts to have.

Booksmart is useful but to be the smartest you need to beat them at every end which requires hardwork. Genius is only 1% talent and rest is hardwork and SJs trump that.Yes if someone could give good pointers it would be great. As far as my personal experience goes:

INFPs can also look cold from outside but they have an air of wanting to be included in things. They might not be bubbly like say an ENFP but once you get them talking you can see they have an opinion on the right way to talk to people and other little things like that. They may get exhausted but they always want to have friends and will mostly keep their opinions to themselves. They'll be somehow well liked or cared for in the group.

INFJs can appear aloof from a distance but after they've spent some time in the group you'll see they're on talking terms with almost everyone. They understand others and again will not share their opinions. They'd only say things if they know that everyone is receptive or agrees. They have perfectionistic tendencies as well and they're smart but they're not concerned about being seen as smart infact they might hide it in order to appear more likeable and humble. 

INTJs appear distant and aloof from afar and very very hard to get close to. But for healthy ones they are generally nice people. They will state their opinion. They are empathetic and usually harming or hurting anyone makes no logical sense so yes they care, they're open and they don't take offense and they genuinely want to help if you ask. They don't care to be included often and have a distant air about them and no you are not seeing the full picture but it's not them hiding it's just that the rest of the picture is irrelevant to you. They don't interact with everyone either and one pointer is lack of social naunces, like good bye and hi may not come naturally. INFP vs INTJ is kind of hard specially with INTJs who aren't very healthy and never developed Te. After I got into cognitive functions I took quite some time before deciding if I had Fi as dom or tertiary. Fi tertiary is simpler and convicted to a few morals it has formed and Fi dominant is a whole new world of it's own. 

You might like reading [this](https://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/)Out of INFP and INFJ which one is ravenclaw and which is hufflepuff?I'm not the smartest of them lol. Also it's unwise to underestimate an opponent 😛Hey I'm in Slytherine, or atleast the sorting hat had me choose between Ravenclaw and Slytherine.Thankyou kind ESFJ, there's always room for tons of improvement and that's the aim.The reason I've been into MBTI for this long is because it makes things simpler. Sure boxing people under traits was done before this too but this is a simpler system. Only 16 types and a lot of pointers on how to interact with each type. The lesser the room for surprise the better and there are no endless boxes.Yup came here to mention TeslaHave you tried the cognitive function test on say similarminds?So my roommate is ISTJ. What I've observed they're more grounded and more practical.

Even though both have PoLR Fe, the ISTJ still interacts better with people than an INTJ when he/she isn't trying. 

I'll actually meet new people and start very extroverted, open and animated because I'm interested in figuring them out and people might think I'm an extrovert. The ISTJ takes time and I've only seen her animated with people she's known for very long.

Status and hierarchy matters more to the ISTJ. So does family background and your social class. Even though she has humility and is hardworking and humble.

I think ISTJs are more conflict averse than INTJs. Also being liked matters to her and I can't care less as lomg as it's not effecting any of my goals.

These are a few things that came to mind.


Our subreddit is kind of disappointing. I lurk on XNTPs and ENTJ and even 2X_INTJ is great, ours has a weird dark energy to it. I'm not sure if it's the mistypes or the haters of mistypes or everyone proving they know the best because the first step to learn is knowing you don't know, the concept seems lost there. Or maybe I don't lurk there enough anymore.You have Fe-Ti vibe (2, 3, 4) and although you could be IXTP, it appears you're an IxFJ. Hating arrogance is almost universal. I know one INFJ that likes figuring people out and one ISTP who can't care less but then I guess INTP and ISFJs may just be as interested.No I meant points 2, 3 and 4 in your post.

Also you might want to take a congintive functions test and see what you get. Once you have a few functions narrowed down, you nay like [this](https://www.thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/)No problem. In the end go with what fits you best and not what anyone says. If it's an ENTJ that you find fitting and everyone says you're an ISFP you probably know yourself better than a few internet strangers.Are you 5w4?Yeah I get 4 and 6 quite often. Has MBTI or Enneagram helped you understanding others? Yourself? Improving yourself?Yes I can relate to the last paragraph. It's nice knowing it's helped you. 🙂I have no memory of why I wrote this and it seems about one month old but I must have had a logic then. I think it was a humorous comment and I think the person who's comment I responded to was an INTP. ENTJs are frustrated when no one listens to them and INTPs are not interested in taking orders. Ti types care more about the truth that winning. I guess the point was merely how to defeat an ENTJ and not about the whole team but as I said I absolutely don't remember.For me it's more like. I see you, I respect you and I'll not bother you, from a distance, discerning look and nod.Fi is more about analyzing morals, spectrum of human emotions and the kind. No?Was reading and as I reached INTP I was like, that's a bit brutal and unexpected! You're who you are. NT doesn't make you smarter or special, NF doesn't make you deep and misunderstood, SJ doesn't make you reliable and responsible and SP doesn't make you chill and cool. That is what we choose to take from the theory whereas it's merely an idea of how you view the world and not what you are. It's like given the tools how woupd you use it. That being said finding my MBTI type and the sub was a really really forward step for me in understanding people think differently and there are simply too many people who think like me since I was told time and time again that I was weird. So I'm not sure about MBTI intuitive bias but I had dealt with a self bias.

Also intuition is only a bias (if it is) on here, the real world is sensor biased. I won't go into the (if MBTI is valid) it would require a lot of studying for now but I think there's some use to it even if it's not a box you should contain yourself in.The logical next step would have been to become a psychologist.DarkBoss: "stop flattering me on reddit and get to the work you're supposed to be doimg" (secretly cries at the love you)That was a good decision actually. I wish she didn't go back to her abusive parents though.Lol yeah sure you can be cool but then I'm a genius peasantsNo we don't but there's no point of having insecurity either. What will not having confidence in yourself accomplish?You have creepy eyesYup... I'm terribly lazy and at the same time quite hardworking (after a lot of effort at it). I mostly compromize on sleep, food and fun and people to balance the two lol.Sounds very ENTJ. Unfortunqtely has also worked for me lol.I see you're amusedOh that's a good idea. I forget everything, I should do this.Cookie?See I asked for one now I'll eat two and then I'll get addicted and then I'll become unfit and sugar junkie and extremely overweight and then I'll stop being good at things because I'm eating your cookies and then suddenly you'll say I don't reciprocate at all and you'll stop being kind.I don't like the description but I fear it's true^yup, true!

We show you what we want you to see lol.Asking the right questions!Here's a perspective:

Could be because Ni is just there and you can only hone it by having something to hone it on, eventually it's a subconscious process. Te is something you can do something about and also atleast in my case I want to be work a loooot. So that's what you talk about. Fi is secretive, immature and lower than Te so you hide your sensitivity and present a cold calculated exterior (immature insecure INTJs only) and Se is the toddler function so you want to get high and just talk about it and what you want to do along with it. I think people talk about things they want to be good at and other people talk about things that they see. So that boils down to Te, SeBut you gave me two and it meant you wanted me to have two if you wanted to share you'd have kept one for yourself. Why would you trick me like that. Another trap, you give me two cookies, you expect me to share and when I don't you resent me and a million years later tell me I'm selfish.You got me fat then you made me out to be selfish and now you're making me out to be a hidious person. There's no winning with you.

Btw you do know I'm jk lol?Naah I was just being (kind of) unreasonable. 

^ I just realised it's physically painful saying that lolThey give it to you when you need to be given it and other types don't want to be the bad guy and are blabbering kind bullshit or are bothered enough to intervene. But there are situations and people who need kind bullshit more than a slap on the face.Hey tert Fe! 

Yeah I was suspecting that... that ISFJ trap of cookies:
 
The kindness that kills! 

How to turn cookies into weapons.LolDangerous, ESFJs do that too lol. Never falling for that! Need atleast an option to cheat... jk Thank youI think OP meant asocial... Anti social is a whole different issueAll in or all out. Can't do it halfway or anything of the kind!Si being my 8th function I can confirm that rigging the test has nothing to do with it. They're so predictable that you can get almost any type you want. OP of the meme then, basically whoever created it.Karma... ignore the nerd in real life and the nerd ignores you online 🤣Nicest but not necessarily my favourite:

1. ISFJ
2. INFP
3. INFP
4. ESFJ
5. ENFP
6. ENFP
7. ESFJ
8. INFP
9. INFJ
10. ESFJ

Yes a whole lot of SFJ and NFPsThere was once a visual moment vs each function which I found interesting. Basically your eyes look one way when yoy're remebering something and it's different look when you're in a planet far far away. Yes I'm trying a lame description of Si vs Ni. You can't tell right away with Si and Ni but Ne vs Se is easy. 

Se is very present, realistic, observant and great at copying moments or seeing everything that is present in the environment most of the time, they seem interested in their surroundings, kind of aesthetically curious while Ne appears kind of high (apologies). You'll notice lots of subject changes, sometimes even between a conversation specially with dom Ne's. It's more like jumping from one thing to another in a spaced out manner.

With Si and Ni the only thing I've observed so far is that Si is more detail specific and cares about little day to day things i.e. food, decor, meticulous stuff etc etc etc it knows the little things that are making the big thing and is concerned about those little things. Ni is again spaced out but in a focussed way. Like it's going somewhere but that somewhere isn't very much in reality. It's kind of oblivious to details but very good with the overall view of things. All in all there's just a look about SJs, SPs, NJs and NPs I do all those things but the goal isn't other people's convenience it's overall optimization. They don't get bothered, I don't get bothered. Plus they're happy and I'm happy is a better world than they're irritated.No you can be a feeler and a bitch.Here have this hot beverage and let's talk about how you're feeling. Yes you can cry!AgreedI don't do feelings like feelers do but I do care alot about hurting anyone. Does that make me half an a**A is very tempting, thankyou.Had an ESFP friend awhile back. I consider them smart in a very different sort of way. They are very good at copying moments, being in the present, pick up on things you probably won't, chill and enjoy people. Basically things we're bad at, they're good at so it can be a growing experience. I did get irritated if she copied me though or too much social bugged me but that's my own personality flaw. Overall I think they're smart, adaptive, easy going, well liked and interesting people.That's an interesting point.Only stereotypes underestimate INFPs. Everyone of them I've met is irritatingly smart (i say that in a appreciative way) because they are good with people and yet smart and well liked while I am only one of those things. They seem righteous and sensitive, yes but there's no way anyone can meet one and say they're not smart because they so damn are.How would you do that? Is their a condition on not tearing it apart or are you upside down without room for movement? I've met a few INTJs recently who I have respect for. Before that I never met any, I first tested as an INTP and I had no problem tellimg my type to anyone if asked, after studying cognitive functions I leaned towards INTJ and I studied the functions way too much to make sure I wasn't a wanna be and still dom't tell anyone my type in fear of all the stereotypes associated. 

Thing is INTJs are romanticized way too much and then criticized in order to balance the romanticizing. Mbti doesn't determine if you're a genius mastermind it just tells you how you think. I used to pick things up very quickly but the things I didn't pick up I had to study double for compared to other people I knew. I couldn't memorize stuff that doesn't make sense if my life depended on it. I truly don't want to hurt anyone but I at times simply don't understand.

I have a lot of appreciation for STPs, NTPs and ENTJs in different regards becaude they are good where I'm not and at times I really wish I had the skills they had but it's also true that I wouldn't become anyone else if I had to live my life all over again. So the answer is yes and no.In real life if you know an INTJ. How are they tough to work with? Any specific things that are irritating?But wouldn't what you are appeal to you more. I mean for instance I have great appreciation for extroverts and their qualities are really handy in today's world but the idea of B gives me shivers down to my spine so even if I wanted to by biased I wouldn't choose B given that's simply rigging the test and never getting anything useful out of it.Trying to trigger ocd I guess... TriggeredNo one conquers our private spaces. Nerds rule!Must have been mistypes. Maybe everyone in their social circle forced them to.Naah too noisy. Something like cutting from the source, behind the scenes. Maybe trigger some ENXPs to go experiment some weird shit and cause internal chaos and let the extroverts get busy dealing with that.Now you're scarring me. We just need a plan and see how individuals can work with each portion of that plan based om theor strengths. And yeah we can have IXFJs workimg together if you like.Yeah but aren't they "oughting" to be nerding it out to the real world instead of nerding it in.

Plus yeah I agree NTs are nerdy even NFs to some extent.Are you sure she's not a Te dom? I might be the mellowest INTJ I've met and I'm still sure that I'm and it could be simply life experience but although I'd like working on weekends I'd never expect anyone else to (strange belief in free will). Stupidity does bother me but not like you're describing, it's more like I think every person has a certain quality unique to them that is impressive and admirable but if someone is painfully slow, I actually feel I'm in pain but I'd never say it's that obvious, instead I'd simply wait for an FJ to explain to them or work it through while I'll work on something that can be done. Knowledge requires humility.

Oh and yeah Fe doms tend to not like us. I'd say perfectionists yes but not jerks.Don't worry someone pointed out you're nerds as well and not really extroverts so you don't need to know.Now you're talking. Yeah that sounds more INTJish!Thankyou I'll use tge argument of not being a native speaker here. Dear viewers,

What we're looking at in here is an ESTP. This devil of a breed has just come home after meeting with some friends who have no idea that they willingly gave the ESTP a lot of their money and are still praising him for his eliteness. He's now on his couch thinking about watching his favourite game of football with a very flavourable sandwich that he had someone make for him.

There're people arguing around him because of something he actually did but he doesn't give a F*** (a word he uses often but never gives unless ofcourse it's in the literal sense). You'd think he's a monster but late at night after he's done with everyone around him he wonders if anyone would like him were he his real self. He wonders if he can genuinely connect with someone and if people he cares for are getting along for though he appears like he doesn't care sometimes (rarely) he does. Just after that he simply doses off because the game got boring and the food is eaten and he's not innthe mood for any more thoughts.

(I hope I hit some marks, very little experience with the type but want to know them better)It's not what you said it's how you said it.My mom is very ISFJ and dad I've never spent time with but he seems pretty, in your face, obvious ESTP. Is it extremely rude to actually say that?Don't even have an account there I mean if you need the sort of conversations there's quora and reddit etc etc etc. It's like going to a bar and saying hey I don't drink, dance or have fun so please only talk to me if you don't drink, dance or have fun and here I brought a book on quantum physics so I can pretend I'm so intelligent while secretly hoping you'd notice me.

Could be types in their grip or people who think being a type (what you're born with) somehow makes you superior.

But on the otherside they could just be experimenting too and not wanting to waste anyone's time by being straight.Magic!I think it annoys every person regardless of introversion/ extroversion. I personally try to observe something or listen to if they are talking about something interesting or observe people and their reactions if I am absolutely stuck.Ignoring them can cause problems since they do effect your performance, health and interactions.If a type was to take a top spot. It'll be the tie between IXFPsTitle: An ISTJs perfect step by step guide to discovering your type.I second it. The ENFP already thirded it so...Yup...Has it worked Mr/Ms Want-to-be-a-viscious-villain?Point of Least Resistence, socionics concept about the 7th function being PoLR and being a blindspot.Did you actually say or or do you "have no feelings"? Lol Were you the person who had the teacher give us extra homework and made us all look bad? You views changed? That sounds fun... I had an on off switch either I got all talkative, philosophical and "no this is like this and this" or didn't say something for a long timeI was very private and nice literally just when someone interferer or I was hurt I'd do that because I also didn't want to say I was hurt. In my head, you hurt me and I hurt you so we're even.When immature yes maybe some people but not most of the healthy us.Why why? I'm curious?

I have an ESTP younger brother and when he just lies and shows off to people a lot as in charms them. He's never been loud or bullying etc.Yeah I learned to not say anything hurtful most 99.9% of the time. I actually used to explain when I did when I was young that I did it because if that if I cared but once or twice I really hurt some people and decided to just not do that.That sounds fun. I think my ESTP younger brother does a version of it too.That sounds cute.The ENTP sounds fun lol. I was kind of in my head, great grades but extremely independant, doing my own thing and when people talked to me would get all philosophocal and lecture. I did have strategies in place for possibilities of someone messing with me and if someone succeeded they weren't forgiven fir a looonnng time.I cry a lot 😂Where do you go?What? No seriously? That appears to be written with painI win if the other person is a rooky even if I haven't practiced etc but I lose with people who work hard on it.Alive right?Oh I get it now.A truly good kid indeed My brother (ISFP) is really really good at it, he has books he studies from, used to play it all the time and memorises the types of opening etc etc etc I can't beat him but before he got into it seriously I used to beat him even though he was older.When young or now?That sounds agonizing.Yes I always thought you people belonged on there as well with us INTX'sBut didn't you think of the comment and the dots? Yeah it is, I don't do it infront of anyone though. I read somewhere it's good way to get out stress etc etc.Maybe that's the reason, they all do so you didn't have toThat is the stereotype that we like cats more than humans.Mbti apart the person just referred to 16personalities which is sooo easy to fool. Doesn't sound like a job worth having given the amount of stupidity.I was going to tell you no way but reading the description again I'd agree with you.My younger brother is an ESTP.

Almost opposite personalities, totally in the moment, crazy about food, gaming etc. I mostly wouldn't trust him if I met him in a social setting and with reason because he lies and extremely confidently so but underneath everything I actually like him. Between ISFJ mom and ISFP brother he was the only one who figured I was upset. He'd do something to bring me out which is good at times. He doesn't take things personally and thus someone easy to argue with. We basically have nothing to talk about unless it's banter. Basically I admire some skills, I understand where he's coming from and he actually will open up without bullshitting at times if you show a non judgmental enough front but other than that I think we're too different.Yes they're chill and all but that Ne seems hard, smart sure but extremely distressing, not being able to focus. What exact quality do you want to have of them?If you were an INTJ you'll have to deal with not being liked often. Admired, yes but liked, nope so be careful what you wish for.I always love the humble attitude that the ENTPs bring to the table (jk totally a fan)We get hurt when it's someone close and way too much and we have fewer connections anyway. You'll miss the chilling and fun part.Yeah I like the ENFP vibe too much to let them become us. Someone needs to drag us out and make us feel awkward.You imposter, how did you type this on reddit?Must be mistyped, sensors are incapable of having foresight.Wow must be hard having intuitive parents being a sensor. Both my parents are sensors and it was hard at times although I too suspect one of my grandparents to be an NT for some reasonThe question in itself won't be interesting but if say you're bored and you just decided to toss a coin, it'll be indeed very exhilarating since we have very good imagination so it'll be like someone doing it for real.Not if you don't tell anyone. Use some money to change name, address and location. Start over, multiple accounts, multiple udentities seems like awesome few weeks of planning. They can and every human being does but it's not preffered to be stuck in tomorrow all the time. Just like intuitives do have five senses and can get stuck in past.Head nod instead of hugs work for you too?Touch on your own risk. Substance can explode and no there are no fireworks.1. STJ, NTJs and INFXs
2. XSFJs, XNTPs
3. ENFX, SFPs
4. XSTP but in a sensible wayIn all goodwill ENXJs tend to do that one in emotional context other in work context.Also the ones that say I used to be an ABCD now I'm an ENFJ and as a former ABCD U can confirm etc etc etc.You didn't pick the right side to start with because it felt morally dubious and were too stubborn to change sides, eventually as you sought more infornation your whole world view shattered.Happens at times combined with well timed head nodes and intense stares on the screen while thinking about something absolutely irrelevant.Gut feeling?Also INTJ: What you said is so stupid. Wht do people think I'm arrogantWell isn't it the best thing? People can make arguments, psychopaths and serial killers also have a logic inside their heads. Every person is essentially doing something they think is right, acknowledging that is good. 

You just need to draw the line on some basis for instance over population can be reduced by spreading a certain disease or killing random people and it is a valid argument but the point is it's stepping on someone's free will and imposing your own and therefore it's morally incorrect.Maybe go to r/ENTJ they'll be able to relate better because they might have had the same problem and know what works for your type.Our charming show off cousines indeed.That one's definitely terrible.I'll talk and I like people acknowledging me as right but I'm not a big fan of other people's bullshit lol. Basically you're saying "shut up and listen and clap you worthless fool"INFJs can swear 😂This is the truthLolNoGps and google maps plus start? Something evoking something different than what is apparently drawn. An undertones, coukd be the use of colors, a paradox, mere abstraction, should make you feel something more than what's shown.You're tough to type...

You don't seem to be an ESTP, ESTJ, ESFP since Se doms are too action oriented and Te with SI will be organized as hell and so you're left with, 

ENTP, ESFJ, ENTJ, ENFP, ENFJ

We can securely eliminate the ENTJ for wearing heart on your sleeve

You appear to be grounded as well,

Are you scatter brained?

If yes than : ENXP

Otherwise EXFJ

But I'm really not even sure since you're tough to type.Asshole is very different from arrogant

The guy who punches you for being in his way is an asshole. The guy who smirks and yawns everytime tmyou start a sentence is arrogant.Does being an Si Dom in anyway correlate with good memory about facts?Oh I never had this feeling, I'd try that with someone, interesting!But isn't Si supposed to have a good impression of reality i.e. are Sensors supposed to be more in touch with the real worl and not oblivious like intuitives?I asked because I have fragments too i.e. images, snapshots of certain events although the details are not very accurate even wrong so I was curious how Si would remember. ThanksShit I was just going to comment that "stay on the correct path even if you have to be left" to solve the ambiguity but you got there first lolOr maybe he's tired of the moral crapand just wants to start with the Fi dom for the lolsNaah too Ne, not plausible but tbh everyone is walking alone you don't see people hugging or carrying each other on the "right" path. Being left doesn't always imply being right. Yes I said some deep shitA car ran over you?But you said anythingAlas!Maybe do something together, cook or morning walk or walking the dogs. Maybe mention you get bored at times and watch something interesting together. ISFJs I've met love to be useful and feel like they're being dutiful, selfless and caring so make him feel helpful I guess. Good luck!I think OP (warmhell username fits the post) is trying to make types feel good by having them realise that all of them have weaknesses and is suffering and to be kind I guess and not to feel bad because of that but it's nevertheless funny.Score for mentioning INTJ mistypes and making it relevant despite this post being about Si doms. Good thinking!Si is your subjective perception of reality

Fi is your subjective perception of morals

Ti is your subjective perception of truth

Ni is your subjective perception of... wait what?

You see it's messed up!I'd have like the initial descriptions a lot better. Also this post was like "here we go again" something abot how everytype is good and bad etc etc etc.Yes this one's good. Makes senseStill not bad enough...I typed two people after I spent an hour with them and apparently I was right. Kind of surprised myself. Some traits are easier specified than others. The way they talk, wat they talk about, how observant are they and how their eyes mive gives you a few clues. So sometimes you can just get one and two categories right away and then you have it narrowed down, a few traits help, knowing functions does but eventually some ppl are simply easier to read than others. Also is a wide variety within a type, if you're looking to box you might not get too much out if that.Someone driven, responsible, confident, can hold an argument, can fight with you for you. They don't need to be the most loved people, they just need to be original and strong and confident. Basically I like Te doms but EXTPs are also fun although most of the traits I mentioned don't go but with ENTPs their wit and with ESTPs the charm is very attractive.

I don't prefer introversion because I have enough of it and the relationship would hardly bring me any improvements in that domain but I have a lot respect for IXTXs. Feelers almost all are very nice as friends at some distance but eventually I tend to somehow step on them without realising and it makes me feel horrible as well. Have to kind of walk on eggshells. But I would definitely want a few around because of the wonderful inside perspective they bring.Naah it only works if it comes from someone very close in case of INTJs. And if we're working with ENTJs we'll make sure to have their ego's up back in no time.The best part of being a strategist and having years of practice doing that is knowing all the pieces matter and how they operate. SPs are unpredictable yes but how they're employed will also be acknowledging that. ENTJs may annoy ppl by being a bit agressive but they'll get stuff done, INTJs can handle the background issues like clashes, inside spy's, rising irritation of the crowds and address it all before it starts. Only problem will be if ENTJ does not listen or respect the INTJ. The duo is almost unbeatable.Yeah just invented it. It has the same meaning as move but I got bored of the traditional vocabulary, you know, Ni.Theoretically people will not factually maybe.Always 40 min late for specific reasons?That makes sense. The only things I'd be late to will be things I'm apathetic to. I can see what you mean.Eventually yes but mostly 3 to 4 days down the road I'm like oh that's why I felt bad. It's such a mess.I think I incline the same way too.Lol great way to put it.I always respond with exact minutes to that question, gives me a chance to use my watch for once lol.Just this.That reappears every few weeks I won't just yet think we got over it.So the stereotypes are wrong, ISTPs do care sometimes lolWell as just one explanation, internet is a good whining ground, let's include all offenders i.e. IXTX and say they complain when there's a problrlem in their lives that they want to genetaluze to a type but don't say when they're happy.

Don't take this seriously really every type has a stupid stereotype and ppl tend to generalize way too much. You're a person, that's what matters and your friends irl are the ones you should bother giving a damn about.Any cheat codes from the inside?There you go... Yes this attitide by NTs, exactly here is the reason that you get along better with STs OP. Lol I know you were kidding I just wanted a guniea pig. XNTJs are awesome thankyou lol. 1. ISTP
2. ENFJ
3. INFJ
4. INFP

that's about it.Detachment? Objective analysis from afar?Yup have to have a reasonOk.You can punch but not talk that's the rule.I remembered it too lol and was scrolling to see if someone commented. If not was going to search original post and comment. Bring on your "good memory you must be an ISJ" arguments. JkI wish i couldn't feel anything at all. Yup that's the actual wish but unfortunaltely I also wish I had metal skin and a backup brain instead of a heart which is extremely annoying.You'd like the rules on /r/intjYou're annoying 🤔More like, I made sure to secure them with a few hooks here and there. I'm sure they can't unhook themselves so someone must have taken the baby lol.Nope all my family is SPs and one SFJ and I tend to attract ENTJs, INFJs and ENTPs the most.Yup this. ISTJs understand the importance of tradition, hirarchy and rules and make sure to comply, INTJs care for the goal and decide what the rules are for themselves. Tradition doesn't matter much, ideals and ambitions do even of at times it disrupts the system.Take one of those cognitive functions test I doubt it'll give you noth Ni and Si high so you can figure it out.Google cognitive function test there are three that seem good you'll find them on top somewhere i.e. by IDRLabs, similarminds and jungtypology "Passed" an mbti test?

On topic, it differentiates between Si and Ni for you i.e. Ni is the dominant function for INTJ and Si is the 8th function whereas the opposite is true for ISTJ. I figured you wanted to clarify your doubts.I have no idea how you fail on an MBTI test but on the other part, you scored higher on Ni or Si.

Maybe read about the functions then simply. I personally like  [this](https://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/) post[Can you please try this one?](https://www.idrlabs.com/cognitive-function/test.php)Also by this you might be an IXTP and I think you've been typed that before according to your post history. IXTPs have sensing and intuition closer i.e. second and third function and INTP are more prone to doubt their type apprently. EXTJs also have S and N close together in the function stack but I read in one of your comments that you aren't essentially an extrovert.Well maybe you just have to read more into it or you're simply INTJ.Maybe read a few differentiating posts and see who you allign with more.Maybe and yeah types only determine your thinking process and not your actions necessarily. It's a nameI don't think so, it's short for a name.Well sounds very luminousSparkly, luminous, sure! Never paid attention.As I said it's part of a name.I thought they'd flip out on a B, a C- is like pushing them too far.We aren't that dramatic (outloud)C- is a failure. Difference is do you care enough about the subject or is it just mehWell ppl copy and cheat too and it goes, to each their own. Saying doesn't make a failure a success but everyone is bad at something at good at something so it's also not a determinor of a person as a whole which ppl tend to assume.A failure on the subject.You'd be me but you're still a failure in terms of the subject because taking on the subject didn't only require you to understand it but also to understand the concept of time mamagement, reading/writing material and submit.Well C- is a failure in a course but I think it's ok to be meh about things and it could be the thing that doesn't matter in your goals but it's a crappy grade no matter how you justify it.Well if you get a C you may pass the degree but seriously it's a crappy grade really.This seriously sucks! Anything is better than lying literally but people just keep doing it. You should get out of it, I get the defensiveness and anger at his part, but only you can decide if you can be honestly commited to this person and trust them enough to be transparent with them. 

Trust is like the most important thing and I'd say having an open relationship would be better than people lying to make you feel good or trying to put you on a pedestal. No one is perfect and no one should expect anyone to be but honesty is simply not something you can compromise on.People think scheming is bad but everytime someone actually messes me up I can visualize seperating them limb by limb in my head and have no doubt that it's pure heaven to feel. So many people require punching, unfortunately I don't get physical.It's not about seeing others, that is like okay if you agree upon it but dishonesty is simply not OKAY!Might do the kids some good in the long run.Fe doms might want to compete you for the glue that binds us all together, title but hey I think everyone likes ISFPs there's just not a lot to say. 

You guys are more into real life, kinda private but fun, don't open up much but are up for most things, don't get into fights or get too into analysis paralysis like your cousins. I think the type is pretty sold, it's just that it's not controversial enough to gossip about. That's not entirely true though. Sure ISFPs are sensitive enough to understand how others feel and try to be inclusive but their conflict avoidance makes them sometimes shun ppl. They also tend to have a very black and white world view in terms of morals which is kept hidden but sometime shows. When insecure about a certain thing or not feeling being attended to, they can get quite selfish and again cut ppl off. So sure they're capable, sensitive and smart but definitely not the only type that tries and does a good job yet not a flawless one.Don't really! Or maybe just a casual "so we said we'd meet up, are you still up for it?" And that's about it. Forget about it after you send it.Don't be so sad... last minute work is not that awesome and sometimes it can go quite wrong. But the trick is to not care too much and knowing you can pull it off and when it starts seeming impossible, challenge yourself enough to get it done and feel the thrill.Do you?Assuming you're 25% sure about each type then we can conclude that:

75% E

100% N

75% T

50% J or P

But given that you have 3 types with Fe Ti in the functions and just one with Te Fi... we'll go with

ENTP

No! I wasn't seriousWell just turn the switch off till the adrenaline kicks in and then care super intensely. Again this is the worst way to do tasks.Define psychopathic tendenciesAlmost all extroverts are easy to spot.Well add: will listen to what you have, won't agree right away but will analyze and if you have a point, will incorporate your opinion into their world view instead of still secretly think you're right.

If you have someone who simply refuses to reason or argue because they want to keep harmony you have XNFJs. If they argue or atleast try to explain their view without getting offended at the disagreement, it's XNTJ but definitely Ni involved.I know it inside out my dear friend I was half being funny half curious about OPs perspective.I think I used refuse to reason because although they are very reasonable that Fe does not like disagreeing unless you're in their close circle. I didm't say they would get offended or anything.Oh yeah got a bit carried away there. I was referring to not being offended by disrupting the peace because arguing is more important or something like that. My bad!Can we please just develope a test for fake vs real INXJs and get this resolved for once? Everytime I read this, I worry if I might have typed myself wrong, so I study more about cognitive functions and mbti and I think I already overdid the usefulness. 

Tests are easy as hell to hack if there's an unconscious bias no matter how truthful you are.

WE NEED A SOLUTION HERE!INFJ: behold, I the savior shall sacrifice myself for you morally damned lesser beings

INTJ: I'm the only one that'll reinvent this damaged system because of all you retarded people

INTP: I'll find the truth for you

ENTP: Let me make you doubt your views because I'm bored and smarterI'm glad we're leading some folk even if it's not the world.Seen an ISTJ do that for sure and suspect the ENTJs are on the verge of this but sheer will power can stop them, they still mention the better way though.

I don't need to get drunk to talk about google and facebook collectibg data.We intuit more than we think and that shit works.You wish... Unfortunately happens. Don't eat all day because food = wasted time etc etc and then there's a lot of food and okay that goes in the mouth, won't have to ever eat again, just fixed it... it ends with either getting stressed about over eating and want to burn all of it NOW or "I think I feel nauseous, wonder why that is"Compared to STs, nope... if we're soft idealists you're not that far even if you'd like to be. Are we having with ours? 🤔Had an INFJ friend, she and I didn't do anything I did qith my other friends but God was Ni'ng extremely fun... I mean from ppl to situations to predictions, it was crazy and add to that, that her perspective was different yet just as insightful because of the Fe. She's sense more good bad vibes and I'd be more pro cons.

The only friend I could discuss serial killers, conspiracy theories and psychopaths without it being weird.Still waiting to meet an INTP friend, I think I'd love them. Have an ISTP and she's my favorite person. Most ENTJs and ENTPs I meet are men and they're just not being real at the moment to become friends with.ENTJs ARE scary at times but they're also one of my favourite types because they get shit done it's like literal bliss watching them work. Also the fact that they can spill something without too many filtets is super great. ENTPs are fun, I enjoy watching them converse and usually 5 mins with them gets my brain running for a couple of useful ideas I can probably work on but I like listening because if I start talking things just blow up and go nowhere useful. I love listening to them but I'm more of an observer than a talker I guess unless there's something I know a lot about.Yes Ni/Se and Te/Fi axis's agreeHey you missed SagittariusThere's something about keeping a colored note in the jar though and having it filled by your table somewhere is great positive enforcement in itslef.You could have things like I ate my favorite chocolate and it felt warm for some time and also now my box has something that  i know left me in a good mood.

Paint the jar blackThis lolAnd yet there are colors inside the blackness. Just needs to be opened.When someone realizes ^this (cries in Robot tears)So you up for taking them down and never letting emotions get in the way?I see you're still butthurt about losing the last argument (just stereotyping, calm down)Oh so you know that sub, i wonder... -_-Dude stop infping a little...Cookie? No I agree but between posts about type me and type your family, this doesn't sound that bad either.Actually now that you say it, I think lack of sensitivity isn't necessarily bad for happiness. You gotta time those things though.Yeah I'm the creepy robot 😂Yeah well punch that face if you need to, who cares about stereotypes.Work ethic? Ambitions? Goals? Any INTJ no matter how depreseed, will have some ambitions. Any ISFP will have a slightly black and white world view. As in maybe they won't be very vocal about it but ISFPs have strong moral views, and they tend to judge ppl on a certain self created worldview of right and wrong and also they mostly tend to avoid confrontation at all costs whereas an INTJ would atleast try fixing when they see a problem even if they might suck at it. INTJs judge only intellect (immature ones) or weak work ethic or flakiness and tend to be more open minded when it comes to different worldviews of ppl.

Pragmatic as in merely responsible or actively progressive? Career matters to him more than day to day things and he wants to go forward, happiness may be the only goal, at one point mine was but even so he won't just sit around and do nothing progressive and if things don't progress you'll see apathy, frustration, binging and seclusion, with INTJs there are always goals and they always have some idea of what they want in 10, 20 years even if they don't share. With ISFP it's more about in the moment, and enjoying the moment i.e. positive use of Se.This is a good response.Hey we don't rant, we keep things to ourselves unless it's disrupting our life. You're probably talking about an EXTJ.The "I'll heal thy soul" mentality. Was jk lolINTJs always play the long game and yes to only closest people we rant I guess.Which are?Anything THIS pretentious is a sad combination of insecurity and being a failure in life. Instead of looking within we tend to point the finger outside and thus never learn. Recognizing your own stupidity is so important and rare.We must fight for the title on a battle field.Could imagine birds bursting into sparks at sunset. Good picture!Hey I talk to myself and am so quiet that ppl can't believe someone can be that quiet. There's a time and a place, stop assuming, will you 🤔Bound, gagged, blinded and no you can't break out of it. Also the door's locked.Weirdly I think we become who we start believing we are, who we truly want to be and who the circumstances force us to be if we yield. I see what you mean. Maybe if it's become more of a confusion then help, start focussing towards who you want to be and reading things that help you in future and for now leave it be. Sometimes focussing outwards can make you realise who you are inside.It's sadly temptingYupIt's like a victim mentality... every type is bullied and bashed. Simply picking on one and justifying it as "they did it too" is idiotic. Also people are capable of giving it back to anyone who tries to bully a type and set it straight right then, it's not like anyone has big bats and a group of minions... no one is supposed to take the bashing anyway!Ofcourse you are... 😏Because graveyards are also a place for lost hopes, siscarded dreams and failed attempts.Yup... have already won a nobel prize and given a detailed speech to the next generation on how to beat the odds and succeed, more times than I've done actual shit that would lead to it.All in all you don't like them and btw talking of judgemental, you judged a whole type by a small sample space of experiences.

I often have a feeling that lauding the "BOSS" is somehow an Si trait of a sort.Never with a throwaway account... nope but a little with the real one lol... They don't get your puns, right?Yes everyone does that in here, even in humor we do that here because that is all it is: generalizations but you were pointing at the same thing you were doing hence I pointed out.You read my mind 😂But but...Yup, that's how you put it.I wanted to read for XSXX opinions on here as well.

With my ISXP friends they seem to categorize iy as overthinking, overcomplicating stuff. More pronounced with ESXPs and I feel like it seems to them there's no point in planning or thinking or going on tangents so much when there's nothing coming out of it. With XSTJs I've noticed impatience around specifically Ne doms because again what's the point and also to them wishy washy stuff is wastage of time, seems like they want to say "suck it up, this is how it's done amd no one cares how you hypothesize it can be done". Ofcourse the Introverts are quieter and that's before you gain their respect. With XSFJs if you're successful they'd try to appear interested otherwise they'd be irritated since it feels wastage of time. This reminds me how I too get irritated when someone gets into the dates of an event and the exact location and names of places when telling something. I'm only interested in the essence and the idea and not the specificities so maybe that's how Si doms will feel with someone who just tells the gist of it.Is person bashing really a good thing? I guess at one point or another each one of us was an arrogant asshole, a whiny wimp, a bully or a self righteous idiot.Took the words out of my mouth. Ofcourse we are!Some people like verification.Need I say dom Te vs dom Ti?Listen to CS Joseph on this. He mentions the primary type i.e. say INTJ is only 25% of the personality but is ego hence preferred mode of living. There's superego, unconscious and subconcious as well that we can switch to, from time to time. If you're interested in the applicability of typology theory, the guy provides some interesting points.Seriously the official test is just another version of the ones online. Anyone actually interested should research into the theory, cognitive functions, interaction styles etc etc etcTheir prefix is different? Whenever you evaluate yourself you have to detach yourself from yourself anyway. Yes at the start as you go deep you find hard to type yourself but if you keep at it the typing yourself part gets easier, that is ofcourse if you're honest with yourself which would be true in taking the other tests too.

I think a lot of mistyping comes from relying too much on the poorly constructed tests which determine the four letters of your type by looking at the letters and not the cognitive functions or their behaviours in different roles.

But yes I'd agree that the official version is more "I can be sure I'm XXXX and don't have to doubt myself anymore" that can eliminate the confusion in a lot of correctly typed people.Well if you switch from ESTJ to ISTJ in a moment for instance that means now your dominant function is Si instead of Te which would perform pretty differently so yes you can strictly be one type on the surface (i.e. ego for a better term). Although if you go by E vs I, S vs N and how E's always want to party while I's hate getting out of their rooms, that stuff is absolute crap.After reading a lot about ESFJs and meeting a few I can atleast confirm that the quiet at my part is perceived as coldness, rudeness or bad intent but they do have Ni trickster so that makes a lot of sense. I avoided them because even with their best intents I felt like it did me harm and I felt like being put on the spot which to them is the norm. I guess having Fe hero means you do expect ppl to follow social rules.

I think though that the dynamic works great superficially atleast because both types have a sense of responsibility and if they acknowledge the weirdness of each other they might even work great as friends.Ah the adrenaline rush!I can assure you that neither does the listener.ENTJ: shared how they felt for 5 minutes during some really busy hours at the officeDid that in my undergrad in a certain year. Attended like 30-40% of classes and still found a way around it. Not very proud and was really depressed but it still is something.Love that guy... his videos on roles of functions in various placements are awesome. I think if there's hatred for him or directed at him, it might be because he contradicts views people may have adjusted to and find hard to contradict. There are points where it's hard to follow him such as control vs moment and affiliative vs pragmatic and I feel like certain types don't really fit in.

Also he typed Trump as an ENTJ which I can see why a lot of ppl nay have a problem with, I didn't agree initially but then during the typing there was a lot of Fi and ESTPs and ENTJs appear quite alike on the surface so maybe there can be some peace made with the fact that Trump is an ENTJ in the grip i.e. Te Fi. I'm still a little unsure about that one though.Erm follow a schedule? It's more like okay for best productivity you need 4 REM cycles etc etc etc but I wouldn't say I've met an INTJ that actually followed a sleep schedule even if they appeared to do so, atleast in terms of specific times. That would be very limiting.No idea, I just went through a rough patch but at the end I knew I wanted to get done in time and not drop out so I just got some paperwork here and there. Somehow did clear the courses too but it was at the start and stuff was easier to pick up upon maybe.Yup they try ofcourse and decide and plan...Whatever whoever says the truth is extroverts kick your butt irl and so do sensors.An ENFJ (who's on my side) would be nice atmEveryone hates something and by probability you're bound to be hated by some people. If you like hugs and someone doesn't both of you aren't going to like each other much.

To me they're great people, sensitive, selfless and caring, who go out of their way to help someone in need but on the bad side they "can" gossip about you, "can be" too critical if your choices don't fit with their views and "may not" understand your need for privacy and take it personally. 

Anyways, you are your own person and not just your type. Also some people hate chocolate, doesn't mean chocalte has problems. It's Introverted Intuitive's dominated subreddit, ofcourse you'll see Extroverted Sensor bashing at times, just don't give a damn.Joe is NOT an INTJ. Seriously, whichever unhealthy version of a type he is, it's not INTJ. INTJs probably won't kill someone you hate just because you hate them or if they're bad for you, that's your job. They might kill if someone threatens your life but they'll probably go about it differently than bonding with them in the cellar first, it's just too much bonding. 

And yes I can empathize with him on some level but he's not even close to rational, doesn't think about the consequences of his actions before it's out of hands. He has anti social disorder and high narcissm and probably psychopathy.Mostly I've seen people test higher on 1st, 2nd, 5th and 6th than 3rd and 4th but depends. I think they're strong but not preferred.I have respect for them on a very deep level. Wanna borrow my droid? Helps with the chores too and does exactly what you order it to do. -_- May want to fix you last line. So basically XXTJ women are screwed, more so IXTJ women since Fe is a blindspot.Took me some time to reverse engineer and get to exact things I picked that lead to the conclusion and why they did that but I guess the part where you have a general idea of why this is going to be that, what brought on the impression was always the case. I guess the idea behind an aha moment is that yes you did have the data but you looked at something and there was a clue in there and the data got sorted out to give you a neat answer i.em the so called Ni epiphany. It is very important therefore to feed yourself the right data.They're probably the people starting most charities, unusual causes etc. they may not be the most for it but it does a lot more good to the world.Finally the correct method to type anyoneDepends a lot on how the closest people to them react or how they're raised in case of ISTJs specifically. I personally have heard a million times that I'm cold and not given a damn but a few times someone really close said that and it stung quite a lot for quite a while and left me in a bitter spot.

Also the problem isn't what anyone thinks but the fact that it does effect your goals because Fe is important and people hating you does hinder doors so I'd say faking it is taken a little better, although it can be immensely exhausting.That makes more sense actually. ThankyouLet's settle this once and for all. Joe is NOT an Ni dom because they care about the consequences of their actions and he simply does not. He's pretty introverted but he still wants to be included. Most of his decisions are based on how "he" himself feels about things, people etc with absolute no regard to how Beck feels even if he pretends to care about that.

We now no he's an IxFX and not INFJ.

He is very good at analysing people and has a vivid imagination (can be seen in the stalkering moments)

His actions towards Paco are based on how he was treated and because he felt it was wrong he goes out of his way to be good with Paco and he has a love hate relationship with whoever was his guardian, flashbacks come often (Si). 

He doesn't care about what anyone feels, he has to do the right thing i.e. for Paco, for Beck even if it's not deemed right by the society. (Fi)

So we can say he's been exposed to some messed up experience to shape his moral compass as it is and is eventually an unhealthy INFP.
Love the ESTP one... ;)Thatxs an excellent point. Once youxve matured enough you can make use of it instead of trying to make it an excuse for shitty behaviour. She thinks killing animals is wrong and it hurts them her Fi is out of control ;)I would have to say that this analysis posits a rather entertaining notion of the perceived truth indeed which is ofcourse worth considering or so it would seem.

Have I lived up to our standards according to the results or do I need to get worse?Where's ESTJ?

Agree with the INTJ ome and ENFP, ENTJ, ISTJ were hilariousWe should make a FAQ for such questions.

Why is XXXX type so common here when they aren't common irl?

Answer you're going to get : MistypeLast 3 were ENTJs unintentionally... definitely need to get out of that cycle.

Hopefully the next would be an XXTP.Yes it is unfortunately.OPs is INFP -&gt; INFP's are portrayed as crybabies and harmless -&gt; OP wanted to tell the world they're badassThis had me thinking "hey look! Ofcourse we had a therapist"Wanna pair up? I can yell at people for you, you can make sure they don't get hurt? ESTJs are better managers. They have the minute details under control whereas ENTJs would be quite irritated having to manage every little thing. ESTJs are very good with practical details and covering ass. Te doms do what they need to do ofcourse but Ni parent is very good at planning ahead and Si parent is very good at keeping track of everything.On the Internet : P

Your Amnesia may have you mistyped yourself :pYup this works too.I myself was going to suggest c.s. joseph but I felt like a lot of ppl are skeptical. I was good before but he helped me type people in minutes without even a few minutes talk. Just by observingn just need to keep the details in my head about all their worries, insercurities and critics.Yes I think the Intellectuals might be the right word :pWith XSTJs when they're good, they're humble, helpful, respected people who are conscientious and hardworking and get the job done on the other hand if you have one against you or are dealing with a bitter immature and insecure one, well... youxre mostly screwed unless you know how to navigate them.Niceeeee!Yup ESTP... thank you :pSo you have tried them then? :pC.s. joseph had some good insights. I used to type by the vibe and it was mostly close but adding the initiative vs responding, control vs movement, informarive vs direct, affiliative vs pragmatic... different function menifestations etc help. I'm not really sure how accurate it is but it definitely works.To not hurt yourself is also as much your responsibility as to not hurt anyone else. That's the key! You're first and foremost your most important responsibility.Ah rookie mistake -_- Erm how does an upvote make anyone happy?. Now I'm worried that every upvote I ever got was an EXFP trying to make others happy instead of because the content quality was good... Yup this seems right.Haha... this is so true...Do you want to hear ENFP? 

I'd say EXXPs are likeable... EXTPs in "want to punch them in the face adorable" and EXFPs in the "wow they're so sweet" kind of way.I'm so glad my upvote will make you happy... yayyy -_-Sounds about normalThose intetactions aren't that bad on the surface though.How so? Examples if you don't mind.May I join? Looks like fun!This could also be used as an ironic insult for him lol.I like the guy but the last line is so true. Everytime he defines Ne like that, I'm like okay, calm down!

His theory is implentible and that's what I mostly care about i.e. using something to deal better with people once I have them in some sort of box.Well would you care to share enlightening stuff based on your own knowledge? All sorts of knowledge is exteremely welcome.Ah anything close to religion is stupid argument. Yup that one!INTP for some reason people seem to score high on 1,2 and 5,6 functions so look at your weekest which should be the trickster/Polr i.e. 7th one you have Se 0% and low Fi- Fe and a high Si so INTP.That's a whole lot of mess... you should be glad you came a long way..  hope you go farther :)I've heard ISTXs being called cold very very often so I don't think only INTX are seen as that.I don't think INTJs have the mentality of no one deserves me or they're not good enough for me... it's more like "they might slow me down", "they might have different goals", "oh I forgot I have to include them as well", "it'll be easier to do it myself"... it's more about not really caring than about judging them.Well INXPs do have Se trickster if by out of touch you mean stepping into a puddle or missing something in front of you kind of thing... N's will be less in touch with reality and more in their heads than S's i.e. concrete vs abstract.Not really... Fi morals would be saying that these women are wrong because they ask for money and the conclusion simply states that if women like you they won't ask for money regardless of if it's right or wrong. Also it's really a person by person thing... some men actually get offended by overly independant women and some women may conclude... guys that spend on me respect me more compared to guys who don't spend on me.This pleaseand this^Haha Noiceee!At being a scientist or at being mad?Well you can be mad without being a scientist but it doesn't work the other way around so...I said the same thing that you can't be a scientist without being mad (although making it a conclusion would require proof that I'm not interested in putting time in)Interesting...Yes this.Yes (I do have my own theory though)Hey I'm offended!Haha, it is!Naah! Wont even change the extra Turbulent-Assertive.Always in those few things that are comfy yet stylish or look good on you. Minimalist with taste.You can spell "Novel", "innovative", "Enigmatic" and entertaining without an S and with an N. 

Also idiots hate types, normal people just get irritated when they don't get along and are aware that it's compatability issue and now a flaw.^This is why you gotta love ISTJsOnly if you stop talkingWhat's with EXTPs misplaced hahaha's?.?You mean XSTJ would do the same considering the quadra?Nope, not me.Yup can totally see why an ENTP would do that lolFunny, always thought they were more into whoever was paying them attention. I should observe them for this. I guess, sounds interesting.Aren't XSTJs supposed to be super loyal, comfortable with the familiar? It could be a lack of compatability maybe and I can see how overly emotional can bug an EXTJYes but that is true for gammas as well chasing money, ideas and kind of human nature. I'm just trying to fit it in my head sorry.It's usually when thet're attracted I'm unaware or don't even realise or not sure and once they vanish it hits me suddenly that gey I'm attracted to them too. It's weird! If a dancing elephant infront of me shrieked that someone was attracted to me I still wouldn't realise it until my tertiary Fi decides it can state what I was feeling weeks ago lol. Same goes for when I stop being attracted lol.But... but they are usually putting you on a pedestal when they approach you lol...Wow that must mean a lot. I mean I call myself a hopeless romantic in a way but I'd give up love for my career any day of the year even if hurts like hell. Yup after 26 years of this I'm training myself to let go... I had to finish a book I started even when I didn't find it interesting because I hate leaving things be and that lead to procrastination at times in a way. Recently I've changed myself humongously, now I read a few pages of a book when I have time, bookmark it then if I have sometime I read another page from another. Even with work, instead of feeling obligated to do a big project that naturally will take time, I now let it stew sometimes waiting for inspiration and meanwhile work here and there on the smaller projects. I find I'm more productive, I learn more and am overall more content. I've stopped being paranoid about finishing things and not starting something new until I have the previous finished. Now I just take on something as long as I'm sure I'll eventually finish it.I know I'm on my own side and not dying... will retreat, observe from a far, see if I can survive without getting into it or if I need a better plan.

SPs will hands down beat NF

NTs will beat SJs

Or atleast NTPs can beat SFJs

STPs might well enough beat NTJs

and NTPs might beat STJs

All NJs have edge in manipilation

All SPs are simply badass (nuf said)

All NPs will have unpredictability edge

All SJs will have the unity, discipline and organization edge plus the bases covered.

Well caveman won't be very smart and would be more concerned with food and water I guess, so sensors could have an edge buy even with that I'm not dying, gift of foresight!But everybody doesn't want to date me lol.More like biIt seems like your inferior and tertiary function is developed when you're young until you learn how it is when it's actually developed and you facepalm yourself lol but hopefully you've it developed anyway. Knowing that you don't know is also a very important step in growth.You want them to kill you when they do?Ahhh well, thanks for that lolStop bragging, no one's listeningLearning is from cradle to grave and even 80 year olds don't have everything figured out. 14 year olds can be as proper as 50 year olds. Sometimes even more mature since they care about learning at least.You'd think so wouldn't you? Yes they're hocus pocus (Ni), stuck up (Te) and Self centered (Fi) and Vain (Se) with no real insights and think they're so smart. We should kill them all and be over it. But wait, you can't can you? *smirks*The sooner you start taking the genius thing not so seriously, the better you'll get the right type. INTPs are logically smart and INTJs are strategic. The geniuses are just typed INTJs often doesn't mean INTX -&gt; genius.Lol just didn't want to comply... Those pretentious jerks!Our Ni is already expecting the wrench from you my dear Ne Parent friend.I know you're dangerous and unpredictable so I'm already cautious.(-_-) lolWhiners or winners? tsk tskSeriously ISTJs are way underrated. They have gold mines of knowledge and know the ins and out of stuff that you INTXs gloss over either jumping from idea to idea (looking at you INTPs) or having future insights and missing the basic facts that you'll have to add 2 to 2 to make it 4 (INTJs). Seriously the type deserves respect.That's Ti trickster... believes anything can be true or false.Oh crap! Now I'll have to work as hard as you guys to not let you win... Haha they're still gold plus they're quiet, responsible and get their shit done.You're going to order me around, aren't you? I'll then have to kill you in your sleep but sure...I think it's something to do with NTs getting a lot of hype because they're "intellectuals" and they getting welcomed everywhere  but NFs not so much, but since well ENFPs are ENFPs, they can get the door opened anyway so why not just open a little for them.Yup username suggests nothing special.Same thoughtTi is slow I've observed although accurate and somehow IQ and speed seem correlated fot me as well. I'm not sure if my IQ makes me super smart but it does make me quick to pick most things and then there are things everybody gets but I don't. This I think... fast troubleshootersUs ofcourse... I'm at home with troubleshooting... ofcourse I suck at a lot of other things. I eat it, I breath it, I sleep it... just realised how uncool I am 😂Crowd mentality... reason social media's thrive... if one does it, they all must do it too...Yeah its lame Finally a version of this that I like.Wait... I thoight everyone knew that... i guess my people awareness is worse then my self awareness...

I saw a few abstract personality tests somewhere and thought they were good because I guess nurture screws you up too it's not just nature's fault (i.e. implying every human is screwed up in some way).Yes I've not come across any to test cognitive functions either. I think just avyear ago though someone was testing their test and it comprised of clicking on words etc and that was the only such mbti test I came across.

But as far as personality tests go, there are a few experimental color based tests, then the imagine imagery based and I think they're better at analyzing personality. Tertiary Fi is pretty cringy for me to admit something here but yeah you're right 😂You should be upvoted till this stops.Haha I like the stereotype of a robot, life would be so much easier but atleast don't tell them we're not robots.We always entertain the possibility of bring wrong and even will tell you two days after the argument and mulling after it that you were right (healthy INTJs) but if you're just not getting where we're coming from i.e. frequency mismatch or we deem you, ahem, stupid (bad word for not knowledgeable or interested in the area) we probably won't even listen unless something catches our ears and intrigues us.Not if we're certain. Yes! if we're hypothesizing but that's not a claim yet so it doesn't mean much. Knowing what you don't know is important and I guess the mature ones know their limits and aren't pretending to know it all. 

For instamce I have tons of views on politics and I have thoughts about people that are quite possibly not correct but you'd never find me claiming that a person is this and this unless I have sufficient data to prove it.Who stepped on your toes lol.Yes yes yes, this!

Ni running amok with Fi can be an INTJ who's self absorbed and sure of a view while being absolutely blind to the fact that the view is so abnoxiously biased.

To fix that INTJ, sit them down and show them that their premise is biased because of their leanings towards certain things and their own view is occluding the reality from them and it's time they get dispassionate and analyze things as a third person. Usually this would get them unstuck.Ermmm... not reallyQuestion is if there's an actual conversation worth reading even there. If not? Yeah well...What a thought...It's become more like a light laugh once in while kind of sub and not mbti so I guess I'm not that annoyed just a little disappointed and feel sorry for the sub.Naah let them do what they're doing, they're going to get bored very soon without resistance, might as well start fighting amongst.Who's waging war from the other side? Memes?I like INFJ insights, they're really perseptiveYou up for roasting? Really?Nice....Sorry they're not special snow flakes...  :pI like persuading for it too... first time I've read that.I don'tAutumn leaves, a snow covered tree with frozen branches hanging down like crystals and reflecting moonlight, a gray road on a dull afternoon, a cliff with waves crashing. A forest in the morning and blue birds flying away.

1. IXTX, INFJ

2. ENXJs, ESXPs,

3. ISFX, XNFP, ENTPs

4. ESXJsReally really depends on each individuals definition of unrealistic though.That's ENTJsWhich of the two is a hugger?I actually thought they fitted pretty well with how types act. Thatxs true for most of the psychology though isn't it.What are the INTJs doing exactly?So essentially Ni-Se when immature is delusional. You might think that is praised but only the idealisation of that might be praised. You can't really reach a goal unless you have the grasp of reality.Sorry caNT, too lameLame but here's a thought:


Si-Ne: brickwall: sustaining and secure

Ne-Si: fireworks: unexpected and motivating

Ti-Fe: rubric's cube: complicated and well thoughtout

Fe-Ti: paintings: welcoming and encompassing

Can't think of any for my own functions lol.

I think thatxs extroversion- introversion, 1 on 1 is treated as introverted interaction still and that's supposed to be draining for extroverts.You have quite an optimistic imagination. I'd give you that much.Too much conflict and brutality drove them to suicideUnless art and humor have zero authenticity, creativity and taste to them, because then it's simply copying, cheating and spamming....The ENTJ way of persuasion... interesting!I'd say anti-conformism is the wisdom to realize when to go with the flow and when to move against the current with respect to your goals. Being indvidualistic for its own sake can also be in a way anti-conformism.https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/akbgee/fight_me/?utm_source=reddit-android

A lot of other types don't point this out either because mbti is mbti and there's someone hating on someone else everywhere

Stereotypes:

INTP: lazy virgins

INTJ: arrogant assholes

ENTP: scatterbrained chatterboxes, adhd, high on drugs (you ppl get special treatment because of the recent meme abuse)

ENTJ: Cruel dictators

ISTJ: Boring Robots

ISTP: apathetic hip kids

ESTP: do you even have to ask

ESTJ: stuck up dictators

I could do ot for others but really, you get the point.

And again apologies if it was harsh... thing is not every temparament gets along with every other temparament so there always will be some criticism. No reason to take a bunch of internet stramgers to heart.Solid point you have there.Very original... Hmm that's interesting. I read that somewhere I guess that doesn't quite workout.Lol no I don't mean boring I meant they directly said that the mods should do something and it was unacceptable yet they said it in such a friendly way that it wasn't stepping on any toes.Yes it does actually. Groups are for a fun experience and one on one is for forming connections.Ah nice point.That's beautiful... Well I think there's a subreddit /r/mbtimemes that might workout for those who enjoy means.

I mean sure a good laugh and humour can have positive effects but have you seen the number of meme's I mean google means and you'll have many.E - I changes a lot... if you go with the polarities of function changing E -I reverses polarity on each function so if one has an optimistic Te the other would have a pessimistic one.

I dom't recall any similar I E types. What I do see is an undertone of the extroverted type when the introvert of that type opens up a little.INTP at the very start and kept thinking I might be an INFP because I felt my Fi was pretty developed and I might be Fi dominant.Personally I never downvote anything unless it's offensive but even though a meme once in a while is fine it got really out of hand. But that's a good suggestion.How hard is it to switch subreddits... I know the memes are all in good faith but seriously that many?

Also a good way might be to subscribe to the threads you enjoy and instead of going to each subreddit keep to the homepage.Lol I don't think it's a fight. It's simply a matter of relevance.

The whole purpise of visiting a subreddit is to find relevant stuff. If we go by your rules we'll be left with nsfw stuff on kids pages, pictures of sky on lassophobia and books on sports pages because how hard is it to skip a few posts and not open them right?What is the issue?Wow... i'm enlightened

Care to venture a thought on what is the purpise of a subreddit?I see... so you know what the issue isn't but not what it is... oh well I think I've had enough debate for a day so have a good day sir/ma'amHence my original argument "why the memes are annoying". Not implying inconsistency in your argument or being condescending. I have an opinion just like you and the point was to understand your point of view better.I'm not sure how many INTJs youxve met but here is how it goes for me (given the individual is not immature):

Usually when you see each other you realise that someone else is also extremely aware of the undercurrent to things as you are. It's in the eyes, the understanding.

On one to one -&gt; it's always a good detached interaction where no one really wants to break the barrier yet. Kind of an unspoken acknowledgement

In groups -&gt; observing the other you realise how simply weird we come across as at times and how uncomfortable we can make people by simple truths.

I've really never met any truly arrogant INTJs, more like sure because that's the most promising conclusion or works the best and there's no point of being uncertain because well self doubt doesn't help anyone. I'd say some ENTJs infact appear to be arrogant and would assume based on surface level but also that's what makes them efficient so nothing to complain about really.I think OP wasn't implying smartness, did you read at the end that their dad was one of the smartest people they ever met. I've myself noted this with ISTPs that they're crazy good at logic and yet they're very indifferent to theorizing and speculating.Hey! I didn't call you a smartass, read again.

Ah I see what you're referring to. Yes that does sound condescending but I'm sure what they meant is that sensors are better at certain things and intuitives are better at others but theorizing is not their preferred mode so in scenarios with a lot of theorizing it's "sometimes" but I can see it's still condescending, my apologies.Acts of service followed by physical touch/ quality time (not sure which is higher though)What's the most frequent thought in your head and what would you judge a person most on if anything?How do you recognize how you feel about something being said around you if it's not said to you. Is it like you know what they mean or is it like the words are toxic etc etc etc. The comment above yours is very very right. Like a good bad vibe? Also do bad things said around you actually hurt you or it's just like a nuisance?Wow... interesting...!No i didn't mean that, was just trying to understand how it works for you guys.No worries :)Well I'm a very nice person generally and genuinely want good for people, would help if I could but I've said to ppl that I'm a (enter synonyms for asshole) for one because it was necessary for them to move ahead and not like me, it was the path of least resistence or someone was being one to me and it was a mere reaction. Sometimes beimg nice to people is not actually nice although kindness is a great thing, sometimes you should be an asshole.So very true.Just pointing out that Slytherin us not necessarily a house for evil doers despite it having a number of them come out of their. I think being opportunistic is not evil and being foolishly brave isn't good unless ofcourse you're in a movie.

Although INTJs would fall between Ravenclaw and Slytherine somewhere.If only everyone could be like the two of you... but alasModest we are aren't we... how to learn better than by observing 😑With you as well... it's a valid point.For "crying out loud" are you their defense for sure?Neither did I but thanks to those people who ask things because I never have had to ask anything important from people...Who cares? People as group just hate someone that their friends hate and like the ones that appear well accepted by society. Itxs really a day to day thing but anyone non conforming if they dom't look "cool" would be hated. Thanks lolQuick question: Is 15 days that many?This is... 

It's not even funny... why do people do this... form idiotic biases... -_- Worst: having you feelings put on display

- failing to grasp or understand something regardless of effort (will keep trying though)

-not having a say in something that matters (yeah right as if I'd let that happen)The first time I ever talked to my mother ISFJ about a hypothetical and likely war scenario because she somehow lead me there, she was really irritated and shut it down really quickly but my brother ESTP is sometimes really into that stuff and yes he's a Sensor but there's something to it. My other brother ISFP won't indulge in anything slightly like that either so I'd say it's just the XSTPs. Given that, my ISTP friend wouldn't indulge in this for long either.

Point being, they seem to not want to hypothesize at all most of the time.That's how minorities are treated in every aspect of society. Is shitty but very common.Erm F than T? didn't everyone want to be Einstein i.e. INTPsWell she talks more than I do it's just about the neigbour and the curtains I find that useless so go figure... Hahaha if he was an alien... nice... yeah I get you and her but sometimes hypothesizing can be very useful.Ofcourse. Weapon of choice!I said people would want to be INTPs but not that if they saw one they'll like them.Too many feelings might get us to fix that and that might not be pretty for the target. Are you willing to scar your INFP for life? Really? Nothing to trigger that yet lol. We're not monsters 😂Well having Ni without Te is being a hermit it fells so useless not being able to do anything with the knowledge. Having Te without Ni is well doing too much without a lot of far sightedness... what's the point of that.It depends really. Ni/Te will work slightly smarter and Te/Ni will work slightly harder and yes saying this might be stepping on a few toes.If the ability to act was taken away from me, I'd be powerless hence go crazy and if the ability to envision my future was taken away from me I'd get extremely depressed because there's no goal to reach, no vision to make true so it's freaky for me to give up either.StupidWe Te slap ourselves too and love if someone can do that for us.

Essentially our objective is to make it better for you and if you're not looking for a solution we feel helpless and it's lile a bug in our head.

But you can simply fix it by saying, I don't want a sol I want you to simply listen, we may be irritated but we'll do what you say.

Also, we'd never share your issue with anyone else or judge you or remind you of it and let it effect anything.Inf Se: performance anxietyMight be an INTJESFPs are almost never sure of how the future might turn out. They're worried if they're dutiful enough and they're critical of other people's behaviours. But they also ensure they're being good people.

There are two ways around this:

1. Don't give any reaction until she stops and don't get bothered by anything. It'll probably drive her nuts and she might get other people involve but eventually she'll get over it. Meanwhile focus on your goals

2. Try seeing what's triggering her. Find what makes her happy and navigate using that. Tell her she's very smart or helps you become a good person and understands things well but when she says those things it makes her a bad person etc etc. Be sincere always, thats the first way to get through to anyone, mean what you say, try understanding them and talk to them in their language.

Had a all sensor family as well including nearly all relatives and I thought I was weird and maybe a bad person and never felt like I had a home till I realised what was going on.My best friend is an ISTP as well and this is true. The utterly pure realism they have is refreshingly awesome.^ this person is overwhelmed with joy.That's just self deprecating now. Also you're severly hurting ENXJs self esteems.That "I love you" is the reason the INTPs are frightened lolProbably PoLR Fe:

Pure lack of awareness until after the situation that I stepped on someome's toes or might have hurt someone. Which really comes to bite you back very often. 

Even though I've by now read so much psychology that I can pick people apart within a few hours (being humble, it varies by person). It's a very objective analysis based on as little things as hand twitches and eye movements. I still have to actively think for quite some time to avoid stepping on someone's toes. I'm also hyper aware yet this somehow escapes me and another side effect is me being the bad guy in gossips I'm not even aware are happening (not that I care) but it can cause problems at times.

I guess Inf Se:

Gloss over details, plain miss them until I read it and realise something is there. Pick few things up very very quickly but then there are those that need this certain detail in them and it just escapes me. 

Hyper conscious of looking bad. I don't dress to the nine's but there's a certain minimalist wardrobe I keep and no hair is out of place that I don't want out of place.

Lack of fluid movements in physical activities unless I just stop caring and already am sure of what the way to do it is.

Probably demon Si:

I literally have a false memory. Also I am almost never able to memorise something word for word although I have images and impressions in my head, ask me for a definition and I'd be stuck. I have to understand things or keep something of it to get reminded. For instance I can't memorize slides of a lecture but if I went to class, in an exam I'll get reminded of certain words and how what slide it was relating to those words and something the instructor said and how they said it.

Everytime I watch something, if I watch it again it's new to me. I write a diary but don't like reading it because everytime I do it's weird and cringy and alien to me.



We focus a lot on our inferior function, are insecure about it and love when someone tells us we're good at it but we usually haven't developed it whem we think we have.

Polr you don't care about but Inf you're conscious and bad at.With ISTPs you never have to distrust anything, they're very pragmatic and it's as it is. They're no manipulation, mental or emotional. Now add to that both being independant and problem solvers. The pair works well when one brings cold hard reality to the table and the other brings a sense of direction to make that reality work best. A strategist with a vision and solid logician with craftsmanship. ENTJs and ESTPs would work well together too but INTJs and ISTPs are more lowkey. You get most done with least amount of drama.

I personally like all four IXTXs but ISTPs are my favourite.Care to elaborate. ENTJ is hard to type given they're not really the extrovert everyone thinks extroverts areMaybe you need to find ppl on your frequency. I think I read somewhere that it manifests as a lack of belief in provided conclusions unless verified. They are very into logical analysis of things but would find it hard to trust statistics data etc. They'll always need to do things all the way through then to just use given results. 

Also an edge of having Te is distinctly knowing how other people think akin to Fe knowing how another person feels. So I'd say IXFJ would lack that.Maybe. But if you're in a pit and you're told there's some time you need to be in the pit, I'd try to get out and have my fate be my choice instead of just saying the pit sucks because yes it sucks but it is what it is.

Things are what they are, point is what are you going to do about it and that's what makes life a little less shitty: the simple fact that it is shitty but now you choose your shits i.e. are you going to rot in the pit doing nothing or you'll try climbing out even if it kills you because guess what life is shittyIt's akin to asking what does it mean to know how someone feels? 

I seriously can't seem to find a way to answer this. No plausible explanation comes to mind.Yup... we can not talk to you for even a year but when we meet (and know you're invested in us too or want to be with us or have good intentions for us or like us) it'd be like nothing changed.

Thought this was okay until I realised talking very often is important for a lot of ppl.

We let some ppl in and they're in until something is done otherwise or they want out. If you're out you can talk daily and you still won't be in. No wonder we're not much liked.We have a no meme policy at /r/intj so they put everything hereAll that compatability talk and you want to share the first position with us? Do you know us at all? Same. The left picture would bug me if I had time but works otherwise.All types are great just a few things bug me at times:

Too much feels/drama when I'm looking to fix something or already drained. FJs do that, really appreciate them as people though

Doing things a certain way just because, uselessly spending time on redundant work, only get bugged by this when I'm pressed for time, care about the work and start getting impatient (takes a lot of time). SXJs, moreso ESXJs.

Lack of forethought, jumping in without weighing options i.e. lack of reliability. ESXPs mostly, ISXPs to some extent.

Flakiness: ENXPs




Have two voices as well lol... dominant one is task master like, planning, keeping track and the other one is pretty much sarcasm and dark humour unless an argument is needed.

Can have more when emotional situations arise.Less neurotic and more fun... probably won't have to give too many damns. Die early because of some rash decisions. Probably will think (INTJs) are weird, dark and coldI think societal expectations, specially if you have XXFX type as parents would make them conflicted. They'll be expected to show a lot of emotion or be criticized until ofcourse they realise it's fine. That part is more representative of the nurture than the gender. Male feelers would have to go through something similar as well.

Inherent nature won't be much different, infact I'd say may help them understand the other side of the spectrum better in the long run.Well maybe those ppl have ESFJ moms. Given the type is pretty common among women.No they're not.

To clarify: it depends on yout own type who you find boring.How do you know they're not? Or maybe you got creative with the post just as you did with your alphabets. ThankyouSaid it like a true ENTJ lol If I dom't want to go I WONT go. If I went, because I value my time and experience, I'd make sure I had a good time. You can make just about anything productive, you can learn from just about anyone and also if you have to be somewhere you might as well be happy or leave (ofcourse feigning a headache, phone call etc)When I can say they'll have my back behind my back.LolYou can't equate apples with oranges. No type is equal to another and none is better. Every piece on the board has a role it performs best, it doesn't make it superior, just good at it's task. Biases come from stereotypes and inner insecurities and exaggerations.

The king on the board can boast about how everyone is protecting it and die for it while being so helpless that can hardly move a step and sits uselessly most of the time. The queen can boast about being the most influential piece but the truth is that it can be replaced by a pawn and it is serving the king. Point being equality has nothing to do with it. Every type is different and integral to society as a whole. If you judge a fish by it's ability to climb a wall well...No the pawn can become a queen given it gets to the other side. I'm losing my touch.I think it has more to do with "believing in you" with high Fi.Really depends...Yes that, their huge optimism and excellent excellent social skills pay off.

Although luck can play up in the opportunities you get and people you meet so sometimes luck plays a role.Me as well and I'm pretty sure an ENXP is behind this test.Yup... spot onTo all the sensors, here have my perceived tiara, you can wear itn I don't need it lol.I'm more like fix what's broken but it's not always something physical.It's not that I don't like you or want to talk to you it's just that I don't see a point to it.Why'd I need help if I'm already a fixer of the unfixed... hmm...!These are the moments I wish I had an ISTJ in me.Lol on heavy workdays if something ticks me I dedicate a time slot in the schedule when I'll give myself a pep talk or vent out etc etc etc...You got me... So you did guide the lost ... (damn that line's cringy)"Oh there you are my invisible friend" :DBecause everyone likes to hear something good about themselvesñ if it were the flaws no matter how accurate, it would be a shitpost.We like winning but our goal isn't always tangibly profitable so sometimes our win is your win.

By the definition of zero-sum isn't everyone playing that anyway?Well everytime you eat someone's not getting food so... you van make anything fit anything. I see where you're coming from but that's essentially true of life.

I'd only call something win lose if getting something is essentially and intentionally depriving someone known by the same gain.To the one's that had moved on it was lostBut they haven't found their path yet so they're lostOr aim for the impossible. Ni is essentially zeroing in on some goal that Te then assists in achieving.So it depends on the setting or the state space of the type whose value is being observed. Types with Te will outperform others in say orgabization based tasks but in a counselor's office where say you get people who're depressed the value of same Te is magnificently reduced. All types are not equal in all settings but it's a matter of where a type thrives instead of if a type is good enough.INFJs would understand your pain.Well I can say your parents are pretty organized and hardworking and living upto the expectations that are placed on them and get mad at you for not being very organized and not taking things seriously.It again depends on the take. To make society functional a better politician is more important but to make life liveable and worth striving for you need art. It's art that could be the motivation. I think what you're saying is taken care by evolution my reducing the number of types in the areas that become less valued by the society such that the ones that exist still are integral to it.But you'll add the frequency of the type to the utility right so in same frequency say one type provides less utility then the other but in different frequencies they're essentially contributing equally.I think I might as well pick a T type but that's because of my personal preference for T and I'd say thinkers are logical and efficient but if I can remove my own bias from mt choice and assume I know how the society is working at the moment I'll choose the type maximizing productivity and adding maximum utility.Brute force doesn't work for everybody and maximizing productivity is getting everybody to produce their level best. I can see why you'd say that but it's just too constrained.The XNTP?The extreme anger is really really rare. I think I'm extremely patient.

Nope no overcleaning unless stressed to the max and everything is in chaos.

Misanthropy - probably

Stubborness (yes) but will realise it soon enough that I was wrong and fix it.Some criticism you've got thereHatism tch tch...Your criticism is very toxicSo how many friends do you have?LolFunnily I did that sort of thing a lot when I was around 4 to 5... explaining extensively and correcting people.Could be PolR Si. I've heard one say that they dislike driving. They are rather efficient people so it's weird that they'd repeat a mistake more than one to two times but I'd jump to the solution. Usually if I am sure no one's going to take the lead I get into the mode myself. Open maps, realise where you are and keep helping her as to where to turn and what that street is.

There's mostly a solution one way or another and you need to find that otherwise I'd pull my haor out given how long things are taking in a situation like this.So which tests have good methods?Phase it out... taking the blame usually works for me because it gives closure and satisfaction of being right to the other person and I usually don't mind if they're hating on me. Depends a lot on the specific person and you need to make sure you put them in a spot they don't feel bad about themselves which tends to necome the case with IXFJs.

I didn't read the whole post, just start and endI predict they say you can't predict I say you can take the test... oh well... I don't want to brag now do I?Fair enoughIt's fine was just curious.YesHi fellow judgemental folk, judging someome to be judgemental. Hahaha nice... just reminded me of another INFP who said nearly the same thing. I typed the guy ESTP when I first met him lol how wrong was I.Don't bash the type because of an idiot now -_-^ this might be an unpopular opinion and might be limiting but it is true. Being a female with an ISFJ mom and trying very much to be able to understand other people's emotions to the point of reading psychology for that and even actually caring for people I still feel I'm shitty at Fe so developing Fe in your 20s seems super hard. Kudos to the person if they did that but there's a chance it might be a typing error. Also there's a reason for so many well meaning but apparently dark INTJs in fiction.I'm sorry I wasn't saying you're mistyped I said I mistyped an infp because of the rare aggression. Being emotionally intelligent does help yes.Because having a single parent you kind of feel like you owe it to her to meet her expectations until you realise that's not your thing and it is irritating af.

Yes I get it. I was referring to the fact that developing Fe (it being PolR) is very hard and Fi often appears to be developed to yourself but you're not exceptionally good at it. I probably lost you somewhere I think.First I'm not sure if she's an ENTJ but she's toxic as hell. Go no contact, hardcore ignore her, don't share information and assume she doesn't exist. When in a group, as soon as she starts talking, be quiet. Act pleasant an unoffended but assume she doesn't exist, she'll be a lit more bothered than you and will try to burst out which'll only show others or try to talk to you, pretend nothing is wrong and keep it short.

You can't be rational with that level of toxity. She seems rather jealous and insecure as hell.

"Don't try to rationalize!"Well free speech is a right otherwise stupidity wouldn't be so common. As for dominance... yeah right!INTJs and ISTPs. What types are you thinking?All the bestJust that, doing things someone else selected for you... could be Si more than Ni.I'll admit to being dumb at a lot of things but hey I'm so conscious of it that I read all the time to know what I didn't know or was wrong about.&gt; Unhealthy ENTPs

ElaborateCan you imagine when you don't exist? Getting dramatically poetic: are you when you are not?Speaking as an INTJ painfully aware of their unhealthy traits *cringes*

Unhealthy INTJs are arrogant know-it-alls who frankly get dumb because of it not to mention stubborn, self serving and oblivious to how others might be affected. There really is a switch.Naah I meant like an example.

I have seen an ENTJ get drained by an ENTP who they reported to and while Ne can be tuned out it seemed to literally drain them so I am curious.No I get it. By my personal observation I think it was  getting off topic/ not getting to the point and I can see the Ti conflict. ENTPs are for sure really interesting people.I so totally understand what you mean. It's one thing I admire about ENTJs that they can almost expect anyone to be productive. For me I'm mostly expecting to rely on myself, google or ppl I know are going to work a desired way which definitely can be a flaw and also take positives from rest of the people by taking in whatever they're good at

It's hard to actually "empathize" with another person's preference which causes a certain irritation.For a while I thought I might be an INFP at the very start when I got INTP but could relate to Fi and Si was kind of the thing I realised I hardly had.Sounds bad I'd say... Te doms are rough at the edges, love their honesty though, it's so helps with self improvement.

As for your dad... I've a bery very strong fear of not living upto potential lol and that scares me.I can imagine Fi fucks with me too.Is your friend's dad "average" too? Just curious... If I ever have an ENTJ kid he/she is seeing full set of skills I have and being amazed by it.I'm rather chill actually. Had a tough time growing up and being accepted and was very hard on myself but now am trying to learn to just being okay with trying to improve everyday.

&gt;And if the kid isn’t amazed by it?

They might not be but I'd make sure they can respect me. It's scarry!

Would you call yourself paranoid or very careful or whatever?

Paranoid yes (trust issues I think) try working on it from time to time. Very careful yes but I can take calculated risks and dare myself to do things outside comfort zone and that help me grow. Essentially if it's a path to my goal, no matter how hard, I'll try.

I'm fine with tough and honest actually. If they can tell me I'm wrong in my 80s I'd love the fact that they can be honest and would give me motivation to improve.

Respect is earned and if you're not respected you'be not really earned it.

Nope not special, actually trying to work hard to meet my own potential, reach my limits, even if it's hard. ENTJs tend to be too much of see only the top and get amazed when there's something underneath they didn't catch.I miss details so often it always comes to bite me back... also have tendency to be super fast and temd to miss very very crucial things unless make myself focus on the little details. And have a false memory but can remember in images.

Hey you just said ypur father was average now you laud him.

What disability do you have if it's not intruding? I like physical activities actually, specially when stressed, helps get things under control.What is not relative?

You can exist but I'm sure you won't be defineable in the terms we know of. Light, darkness, morals, width, length, sight, temperature everything is so relative.

Although this poses a question of where the absolute lies that everything is relative to and that would be the higher power.Hey it's your sub take control... that's what moderation is for.Isn't that what moderation is about?Hey that's not a libra thing... more like piscesINFP?Interesting subs and also this does make sense.I promise to always stand right next to you interfering with everything you and you say and not being logical at all.You're funnyThoughtful...
I'd say with most small talk it's like if there's no point, shrug and small responses and walk away.
With someone you actually have to build raport with: well smile a bit and say a few words that sound nice but actually spaced out.
At times when you need something from someone, get to the point so your scenario applies.

Basically walk away unless there's a point..ESTPs?I see...ThankyouThank you for the kindness, stranger! jeezThank you.ENTJ - powerful mage

ENTP- convincing mage

INTP- forever curious mage

INTJ- All knowing mageMaybeSelf preservation and if somehow i can free myself in time, well try my best to save them but won't pull the leverMaybe zoom in on one and you'll prove your point betterThat's partly my argument as well... whoever created the problem wants to put me in  the moral dilemma, they want to see me make a choice, if I simply don't care and not choose, they don't have the incentive anymore... if as soon as they generate the problem I simply stand their looking unbothered, well it's all on them not only because they killed x ppl because they failed to put it on my morality and judged me wrong... Overall pattern I'm seeing:

INFX - Give me a reason to self sacrifice

INTP- Give me 1 2 ppl that I believe have value and I'd self sacrifice

ISFJ - only for family

ENFJ - Only of I get to be the saviour

ENTP- well logically... (they are debating while the train crunches everyone)

ENTJ- Self sacrificing (because they believe they have better chance of survival than the rest of the peasants and ofcourse they were chosen for the fate)

ISTJ- stuck on the details of the problem.

ISTP- self all the way.

INTJ- saves self because its on the person that created the situation and not on them.

XSTP?I keep thinking ESTPs might have that little guilt that ENTPs are trying to show with all the debating.But how do you even start at something productive with PoLR Te.Yeah we like having ppl who hate us stopping us from moving forward because "no idea how we pissed them off"SecondedMine are more like:

Fi: I...

Te: here we go again with the drama! Get all sensitive and dramatic and we can waste a whole day catering to your needs and getting nothing done. Go ahead cry and then I'll be left to take care of the mess.

Fi: but it...

Te: I don't care what it does, I'm not in the mood to take one of your dramas if it's that bad you have exactly 10 mins and do all the wailing so we can get back to what we're supposed to.

Se: Naah I'd have chocolate and sleep...Apparently is...Thankyou for this perspective. I tend to often end up hating on emotions because they tend to slow me down but this is something to keep in mind to go about them more positively.Well see someone do great at something or reading something that inspires me.

Me: I should learn to do this better but I have these tasks at hand... i think I should reset my routine so I won't get overwhelmed and write these few things down that I want to get better at. I can start by doing one of these as often as I can find time but be consistent so I can retain it.

Should reread or look at that again, I seem to be falling into a bad cycle again. If I remember just these following points and keep applying it I'd get good at it. Should reward myself for doing somthing good so I don't drain out or feel hopeless since I tend to have high expectations etc. How they did it is really good, to be better than that I'd have to put in a lot more effort.

Basically divide the tasks and take it in small doses to improve myself without a burnout.Hey don't forget us... we suck at them tooI know being not detail oriented will become my demise.Could be because IXXPs and EXXJs have dominant judging functions while EXXP and IXXJ have dominant perceiving functions lol... but it's weird for sure*disciplined in their emptions* laughs in tertiary FiMost dciplined types: EXXJs

Then ISTJ,ISFJ &gt; INTJ, INFJ

I'm not sure about perceiver but I guess at the botton would be Ne doms and auxiliary'sYou crossed a line that there's no uncrossing to... you should kill yourself.Once you get a type in a test and read more about the type, you start getting a bias and in return favour questions, favouring the type so essentially you'll get that type in most of the tests.Yeah and then even if you're being detached and honest, a part of you has that bias so you're still slightly uncertain... I researched functions quite a bit and finally was sure.No the very first time I got INTP on 16 personalities... the part where it said they weren't goal oriented kept bugging me since I was competitive. Reading functions I was pretty sure I had Fi so I for a little while researched INFP but I couldn't relate and I still don't think I'm what INTJs are expected to be... it's the only one that fits...Caring - any type that actually kikes you would try to be caring

Balanced - erm...?

Sweet - IXFPs I guess

Interested - same as caring

Patient - depends on what at universally I'd say IxFJsSomeone who's loyal, trustworthy, honest and not an idiot!More ppl lose it than gain it.Sure you wanna compete with guilt trips and feeling like you killed innocent unicorns?How did you survive... shit that's unfairNice!!!I know ISTP and INTJ are the two most independent and aloif types which works great for them definitely but for a dreamy INFP it sounds hard... but nice to hear you say it's not that bad lolAnd this really is absolutely true. One of the reasons I properly go hang out after a few weeks of staying in.And of ofcourse not arrogant about it at allAnd of ofcourse not arrogant about it at allI cant say have my shit together always but you better be sure I'll get it together... but trueNope... we might debate a bit though.More like: sure go ahead and try and i'll be observing when you realise this doesn't work.Naah they will have to work way too hard and won't be able to rest.Not sure what to say to this but here's a big smile ☺ and I hope it cheers you up and I hope you're okay... it's allrightCan't I just disagree through ignoring you and being skeptic? - Jk lol you guys are pretty fine!

When you're not understood seek instead to understand and eventually you'll be understood.*right now I feel sarcastic*Well love you guys just as much but don't like agreeing I'm not sure I want to be happy 24/7 but I know I'm pretty ok with everything, so yes if that's what you call happy!NTJs, NTPs, ISXPs, NFJsYes they do but doesn't mean it's easyDon't give away our secrets now... sometimes we wanna know who to run from.When you say your plans out loud they have a tendency to not come true because what you were previously going to work for you've already been admired for and the incentive is gone. Will tell you in 5 years.Well it can be true with either but yes than works better.Well with Ne and Ti you really dom't have to worry about that... you can simply say things you won't do and then not do them so it's a win win.It's complocated yes but doing something always works better than saying it and you can say it after doing it anyway.I feel for the dad... he's the only J onlong with brother 4. Feels like the family should be called "let the choas begin!" LolThis is good Sure at times with little things but you have no idea how much instant gratification is let go in favour of self discipline when you are criticizing yourself a lot of the time...Hey! don't hit where it hurts... :/Found the missing ENTP that everyone's searching for at work.Fe translation to Te: try to understand that unless you make the group feel goodn they're not gonna help you do shit. Avoid the obstacles, pretend to care!I'd upvote the top comment and take your word that it's good... too long to read but they seem organized.Upvoting you...Alone is all I have, alone keeps me safe 🙄I don't want to be stereotypical but every INFP i've seen 😅I'd bite:

&gt;Csv.reader

&gt;Aaai2020

&gt;Angela Lansbury

Because this information is of no use to you whatsoever...Now now don't be so pissed ENFJ, you can still find ppl's darkest secrets by meeting them plus there's lesser chance they'll lie.I see you've seen the black hole picture and are looking for more dirt on the subjectGoogle says: "a widely held but fixed and oversimplified image or idea of a particular type of person or thing."

So i guess it can be true or false, it doesn't matter.Information control...! Kneel peasants!Stereotype checks out!INFJs are nice people whose intelligence you underestimate because they care about getting along.

INTJs appear to be the arrogant assholes you think are way to arrogant but secretly admire.

Both have great insights.The dad is the weirdo in the family?The artist stereotyoe for ISFPs 🙂 nice drawing btw1. Ignore the colors

2. The bigger the circle, more you have of that function

3. Fi, Ti, Fe, Te are deciders and the line denotes axis i.e. the deciders are in axis with each other.

4. Si, Ni, Se, Ne are observers and are in axis with each other.

5. The closer the size of the two circles, the more balanced they are.They can work well together if the ISFJ admires INTJs demeaner and mannerism and INTJ wants someone hardworking and socially skilled without turning the lights all the way up.I noticed you never mentioned mental stimulation. ENFJs are great socially and affectionate but might have an issue with lots of alone time.

ENTPs could fit the bill, they love talking anyway but i'm not sure about their affection capabilities.

ENFPs would fit your needs, atleast the ones you mentioned.Sorry I didn't get that lolWell mbti can't gauge intelligence but for instance Fe users wouldn't enjoy sarcasm or debating mostly compared to as much as an ENTP might enjoy that. It has nothing to do with intelligence but preference...I assume this is very believeable and accurate since an NTP posted this about NTPs. Ofcourse, here have my crown, you can be happy!Exactly my thoughts...You wanna start a fist fight?Whoever's in the ring in ENTJs new bareknuckle intern fight ring.Can you take the ENFP off of me? No offense but I'm extremely irritated and that doesn't bode well for tje environment.Best company: ISTPs, NTs

Have deep respect for: ISTJs &gt; other SJs

Good for a different perspective: ESXPs

Hate that they bring out my warm side mysteriously but like them: NFs

Have an admiration for but can't really connect with: ISFPsYes.I'd love to see the results and see what I can find even though surely can't do the job better or even as good as them. It's more about curiosity, wanting to find the solution or answer and a wish to learn.Aparently every T type wants this given I'm not Ti dom and I guess out of all T types STJs maybe the only ones that might not want this.Point is why would you make a post about this?

Stereotypes are stereotypes and nothing anyone here says will affirm whether you are or are not a specific type or if your behavipur fits in a box. Sure you can pick and choose the best traits of all types and work hard on becoming that person and sure most stereotypes are idiotic but a type is about the way you think not who you are, it's like the cards you're given and how you're going to play is upto you. Ni comes naturally to INTJs and Ne comes more natural to ENTPs and sure we use all 8 functions but you'd have an easier time with the omes you prefer, understanding those preferences would make your life easier than trying to fit yourself in a box or stating that you don't fit in the stereotypical box which btw is a very vague box.

Thanks for blowing the stereotype though, we're not awkward bots.Imagine if everyone else was honest and started telling you to go away for being mean... jk don't think you're mean just honest...C and EISTP = NT tier with reality check reallyWe can always create a poll for what types want to get more talked about and what feel that they aren't.

As for this question I'd say: ISFXs, ESFPs, ESTJs a lil bit and I guess maybe the ENFJs too.They're hard to crack really... it's always a quiet respect with them then hard core bonding. I'd even say they're more closed off than us atleast about their actual self.Nyehhh!It's only big because it has more stuff in it... 🙄Not really... Te and Fi closer to each other on the axis can present as a balanced Tribe vs Self in IXTJs (davesuperpowers). It's more about how they act I guess, if they know the rules of a system, they'll play by it and put aside the Fi values and opinions for the sake of the rational method.Because we give the selfish vibe I'd say... to put it metaphorically and not in ISTP terms:  we're in our own ways being the darkness so no one else has to be... the villain that everyone thinks is a self serving jerk but is actually doing the dirty work for others.I'd be in heaven if I could just live in this moment, explore things purely in the present and not think of tomorrow, the next year and so on even though you never know what might happen tomorrow or even if you'll live that long... it can be a curse but must have its perks.Best answer so farI think the quiet and reserved is taken as a holeness.Yup same for Se here!Ermmmm?

This is interesting, I've had a wish to do risky things when stressed but I'm sooooo controlled I can never do it still! More like jumping of a cliff, go get lost in the woods etc though.You're not a burden, planning comes unconsciously to us, right in our comfort zone! If you help him live in a moment I think he'd really appreciate it because living in the moment comes really hard for us and therefore we appreciate it so much.Can't give up being no one can you? JkIs it a ploy to make ppl post on ENTP?ThisComment if something interests me

upvote if I remember to

Never remember to upvote posts unless need be

If I suspect a comment is just downvoted because it stepped on someone's toes but was valid, I make a point to upvote it.

Rarely post, only when I've a question I can't find a good enough answer for or am too lazy to do so.INTJ: Already has atleast once planned for your deathDid you really have to punch that hard?You need a bit of a natcissism to succeed but sociopathy is actually not even an ingredient for success. I guess a bleeding heart for others is good on paper but in reality if you want to make a difference you have to play the game and to be good at the game you have to have thick skin and know when to intervene.ThisI'd say: we know our flaws, we don't think sensors are inferior just dont feel the need to put ourselves down to make others feel better and ENTPs are just trolling to get under your skin mostly.Well immaturity, sure!It's not superiority complex, I think we know our shortcomings just as well, but being insecure or dwelling on why we're not good enough is not going to get things done. Stupid ppl have a superiority complex and that's what makes them fail, less stupid ppl know the cards they have even if they don't show you.That INTJ could simply be immature or it just might look that way, you can never really tell about ppl until you've known them.

For me it's like big brother Te and little sister Fi. Mostly Fi expresses as a moral code that I'm not willing to ignore but at certain times it menifests as the crybaby that I hate because Te doesn't want to cater to it's needs and the Fi just gets very stubborn so the Te will be like okay you have these x mins to get it out of your system. At other times when Te is being too heartless the Fi checks in at times. Te mostly tries not to let things get to the Fi 
and is very protective but Fi also accepts it's subdued. In short we reason our feelings, not feel them. The problem is Se, it's just not controllable most of the time.Hahaha nice!!!^agreedYes but the difference between NFJ and NTJ is that NFJs causes and goals revolve around ppl and they have a tendency to self sacrifice, NTJs mostly won't believe in martyrdoom, they'll endure for their goals sure but it's more about pros and cons and the outcome where death is never a profitable outcome.Ti might be happy if truth was revealed.Not living upto my full potential and never going far enough to know my limits... I'd say that would be a wasted, crappy life.Mostly when stressed and want to relax: watch something I can relate to or light comedy I know I like.Well the STPs will be happy I guess if the doors of perception were removed, they wont have to deal with all the NJ cryptic shit or NP drunk ramblingAre you kidding me?I see what you mean... personally even though I get killing a few for the greater good mentality, my moral code wouldn't allow making decision for another human being... they want to die, their choice... they want to make a sacrifice, good but I'd never make a choice for someone else just because.The problem is that the type is way too much hyped. I wouldn't trade off my type but I'm very aware of the countless flaws that come alongside it and I'm pretty sure not every INTJ is an evil genius, mysterious master mind, ultimate chess player and hidden wizard about to dominate the world i.e. most do not live upto the stereotypes hence the mistypes and the accusation of mistypes both stand firmly without any improvement over the course of time whatsoever.Personally loved it. If I could have invisibility I'd have not only travelled the world but learn and seen all that I could without other interferences.Yup that tooWhat if it's eternal sensory deprevation and absolute nothingnessLolCouldn't agree more...INTJ: very quiet, you won't hear more words just see actions unless ofcourse we want to hurt you by targetting your insecurities.Interesting point.Could be, I do admire certain Se qualities and teleportation would be nice as well but the idea of invisibility comes along with the idea of freedom to do all that you want without any interference at all.

Omniscience would be a great super power as well.No dungeons with secret blueprints? NiceTrueHaha niceAsk it.Now now, we are very generous with dismissing opinions.OP wants stories not the statsFair enoughA lot of dishes might break from the dishwasher.Hurts my metal heart 🙄Human-able lolThe heavenly feel!Ouch... not that I care thoughLol...Wait... nice idea...!

What data would you like the ML algorithm to be fed?"I'm going to overcome this and the coming obstacles no matter what"I can already tell you INTJs would be the worst by far and that is even after trying.Nailed it.ESXJs but I should be working that out.Not true.Hmm...Well that's actually not fair to ISTPs who aren't judgemental and as an INTJ (if I pass your test) I've said I'm lazy at times and I've procrastinated even whined about it unfortunately. As for being against LGBTQ, it's really not a type thing, it can be a factor of a lot of bad things from nurture to narcissism or plain old case of bad humour and can be true for a lot of types.

Point being, a limited history with 5 words comments is not enough information to declare someone's type. Btw they mansion a few quotes and a Book by Mark Manson that i love so hey I can claim something but it's upto them to decide what type they are until THEY choose to ask.YupNot going to argue on this but to me it's very irritating when ppl come to conclusions based on little information and are not even being asked for it. No offense!Your source matters, misinformation is worse than no information amd basing a conclusion on that is even worse. Point being, we get to choose our super powers and just because you can come to a quick conclusion doesn't mean it's always right or even useful.This is awesome... but hey I think I can outsmart my own preferences through sheer will power.This is awesome... but hey I think I can outsmart my own preferences through sheer will power.This ofcourse.That is indeed appealingI know I'm a J but happens everytime I procrastinate.Yup agree, can't inhale air, too trivial and concrete for me!^like itInspiration or expiration?Must be an ISXP they're intuitive class sensors.The logical air breather than!Hahaha nice!INTJs with developed Fi can be quite similar to INFPs at times.Yes that does seems to appear the case!In case of an ENTJ... this os not a favour this is a binding contract and you're going to willingly lose peasants!It is :p (Jk)You humble bragger 🙄Ever observed yourself from a 3rd person perspective? Makes you realise why most ppl dislike the type.Ofcourse you can't, now stop manipulating me!1. Took a lot of research, have been studying it for about the past 4-5 years and this seems to be the closest type.

2. I'm fast, I pick things up quickly, a problem solver but I wouldn't say I'm very intelligent. Not very artistic even though I might have wanted to be. Original: kind of! Flexible: not very unless I can see I'm wrong.

3. Have had depression at times and have had to get over it by myself. Paranoid a few times too, it can be hard to recognize. Obsessive compulsive only menifests when things start spiralling out of control.

4. Took them a while ago I rate high on Openness, conscientiousness, not high on agreeableness and extroversion. Neuroticism can go either way but I can be very neurotic at times!

Hope I answered your questions.If only ppl liked being us in real life.My ISFJ mother and ESTP father must have adopted me then lol.Correct but politically incorrect.Well we definitely should work on the way our words come across but I've always imagined myself to be the person who'd rather do the necessary dirty work no one else is willing to do and get results that may help ppl than actually be liked. Still not sure how selfish or selfless it is.Yuppp...Those untimely smiles and expectations to extend conversations you thought had one word answers.You can learn the skill I'd say the only time we don't is when we don't have our act together, we work well when we're confident but anxiety, insecurity, unsurity isn't good for us or in us for the world.Sounds like a plan... also reading every book and devising a detailed plan to overcome social anxiety.This is golden.Lol thanks 😏No dark humour, wait what? Oh okay if you say so!26 and a total hermit, at rare times I get out I am charming and all but do I need to get better socially... yup totally. But kudos!Not INTJ! Your words just don't give that undertone that I'd correlate with INTJs.:)Naah i do socialize at times when it becomes too much but I guess I'm also at the break thrpugh moment where I do want to be a social success.Does it come with antizsensory draining equipment?Awkwardly or in a mood killing technical definition of love that would involve the INTJ explaining to the INFJ that what they'rs feeling is not actually love and it's yada yada yada till the INFJs either heart broken or thinks you're heartless jerk and leaves and the INTJ is wondering what did they do wrong.Point is 8 types are feelers so it's still valid criticism if you don't plan to live a hermit's life which wouldn't take you far.Lol... nice!Ppl are who they're and maturity is realising everyone has a certain thought process and learning to meet them on a common ground otherwise being alone you can just go so far but it takes a few hits in life to realise that.Yes... no harm in not alienating ppl if you want to succeed.Girls:

Kat straford (Ten things I hate about you)
Andrea Sachs (Devil wears prada)
Clarice Starling (Silence of the lambs)

Guys:

Mr. Darcy (Pride and Prejudice)
Near (Death Note)Nope...Thought I did but in reality it happened when it hapened... part of me rebelled against it due to expectations I guess until I was like, it's not that bad. I'd even go as far as saying that males with F help in that a lot.LolErm... based on?"it's lonely on the top", "logicians are known for their brilliant theories"

Hey that's just INTxs, but I guess yeah 16p does have a hand in it.YupStop feeling bad for stupid shit... feel good for ppl that are outright humble, mature and awesome.Doormat is not good, humble I guess is... you do need a line though ofcourseYeah it is... hard to really type that way though specially when he adds the masculine and femine energies but seems a little more legit than the classical 16.The bla bla bla is an EXTP and the cat lover must be IXFP or EXFJ and the girl at the bottom you already said is an INFJ so it leaves the last one which I'd say some kind of ExTJ or IXTPInteresting theory but I'd add the PoLR is unlikely that demon because it's an unconsious blind spot. 

The demon you're referring to might be the 4th function.

Can't be sure but I think helplessness and humour would correlate a bit although it needs more finetuning to be more applicable.

I'd definitely laugh if I was bullshitting and someone caught on or if I was presenting a very serious argument and the next person said something completly off topic and funny. Definitely like dark humour with multiple meaning that I can visualize in my head so could be Se but hey nice theory.Take baby steps to change the areas of yourself you hate.

Read good books, let certain things go, check your ego which can also menifest as self criticism and do your best and leave the rest. Pretty much a useless advice unless you find your own meaning for it.&gt;wants to be an INTJ lol

Oh well ppl want stupud things they know not of!Maybe consiously suck at because we're more aware there that we suck at them and feel helpless, with the unconscious ones we're more depressed at it I'd say but this can be further tested.Well we'd need a lot more data to actually validate that but for now this can hold lol since it would require dedicated time to actually think this through and collect instances.Haha...When will we get the answers?I see... nice!NoI'd say ENFP simply because Ti is the lowest score so should be PoLR and the rest of the functions could be fairly developed but it's a hard to type one.Not really... when I started reading about mbti a few years back I did have those, no I'm not a weirdo it's just a manufacturing problem but usually now I focus only on "should fix this". In reality your tyoe doesn't matter so no point pondering that. I do like finding type things in other ppl since it makes it easier to categorize them.Well depends on the kind of depression. I guess if you have failing plans, it would suck but NTJs are also very likely to seek professional help once they idemtify depression in themselves.Usually The 6th function which is the critic is also strong but it menifests as critic in others or self depending on the orientation and the 5th function is again strong but menifests as worry rather than hero. Ne doms will have strong Ni as well but will prefer Ne simply because but that's atleast how the theory goes.Yup... the over worked ones are ENTJ but we do try to be effectively and efficiently lazy and eventually some of us learn to not be lazy and find the optimal proportions for laziness.They don't want competition.You're going to make my boring self lazy as well aren't you!Could literally be either INTX

If you go with least scores for PoLR and take Fe as PoLR then INTJ and if you take Se as PoLR then INTP.Study the functions and observe yourself as an impartial 3rd person.Well write down the actual behaviours you do or ask honest friends. 

Also if you go by DaveSuperPowers INTPs biggest issues in life should be ppl focussed and they're balanced about things whereas the opposite is true for INTJs.

And there's tons of crap on internet differentiating the two. Maybe try identifying stress behaviours, it's not just a letter, every function in the two is opposite to one another.I'd do that sometime not too early in the morning, will get to it after coffee maybe I guess, it's a loaded question.Lol if it's beneficial to me in the long run I'd do it but it's a hard question and I'm guessing my explanation would warrant more questions so I'd have to think the answer through more thoroughly etc etc etc.That might be true for most ppl... except 
I guess responsible Si types aka SJs.I said "except" lolLol it doesn't but NJs are more vision focussed and SJe are more duty focussed. NPs always keep their options open I think and are possibility focussed and SPs are present focussed.Well having a back up plan is different then keeping the options open. I'd say we're risk averse but INTPs don't want to simply narrow down because they always feel like there's not enough information or no immediate need.Oh well...!Lol niceLol... maybe phrase it like F types are categorically inferior and you might get more responses and I'd enjoy the roasting.

Edit: never mind saw you just created the post 8 min agoAh I see... well you can develope whatever skill you prefer doesn't make the skill better or worse, just you good at it and the more apposing to your nature it is, the more you grow as a person. Also maybe you were never an F type and maybe even now you're deluding yourself that you're a T type.&gt;Te - BDSM 

LegitGuessing and probably stereotyping but: 

well NFs are idealists so maybe they project but not sure.

I'm not very sure about SFs I don't think SFPs would be in any but SFJs might because they're so focussed on conforming to others they never know who they are or what they want.I like INFPs, they are smart and good company but at the same time if a random stranger who doesn't even know you comes to the reddit and says hey I love you, it's not really meant for you... sure the non a*hole thing is to smile or whatever but it's just very weird. I mean no you don't love me you just did that because someone you types as INTJ gave you flowers today and you love flowers. But yes it at certain times feels good when there's a genuine reasoning for that affection.

As for goofy and funny, inferior Se makes us a little stuck up I guess and since we are Ni-Te with poor Se we're aware that we can't pull off spontaneous and we are aware we look stupid and we're also aware that ppl are thinking of us as stupid and that makes it even harder. With ppl you trust though, it's a whole other story.... you let them even make fun of you at times.

It's not playing hard to get, sometimes you just don't know and it's overthinking. Imagine having to think how you're feeling and why you're feeling it and then also being not in the moment and thinking of how certain ppl are perceiving you but by the time you translate their thoughts to their feelings it's kind of already too late and you even know you've hurt ppl at times but you're unaware of how to fix it so you just keep being the robot which you're good at.I like that:

&gt;INxJs probably the most likely to get what they want.You get what you work for (smartly) and you get from what you're good at. Happiness won't be the goal for a lot of ppl for instance I personally love working, actually working on one thing or another and that's what I'll get good at, if what I'm good at makes money than I make money but what I'm not good at will still make me unhappy i.e. let's assume it's relationships. If you're someone that prioritizes a solid bond over their work you'll get that.

Neither F nor T is superior really, whoever puts more work into whatever gets more out of it. ENTJs are one of the most successful types but they almost never take time to rest, would you want to live their life and not just get the rewards for it... well if you want you can try working that hard and I promise you'll succeed. Just be smart about the work you do if you want to make money.Is that anyone I can learn from on the internet?Well knowing how rare and private they are to find, I'd say it's an okay sample size.Yes that exactly...Well funny enough a lotttt of effort goes into what from the outside seems to just happen.I see... too bad though...What type are you?Says an ISTPs perspective in your post so I'd take that for now.Hey that's an extreme example of self sabotaging. Efficiency is beatiful to Te users but even we are not always efficient so chill.They mean that for a week clean clumsily and see how the ISTJ reacts and in case you make the ISTJ mad, just wear a self protecting armour.I think it's not only possible but pretty common.Yup thanks, editingWell I'm happy for them but I get mad at myself for not doing those things.That's the same as being Fi dom and INFPs are also Fi heroesActually that's not what s/he is saying. Also ENTP have Fi PoLR so that makes sense.I think the accepted behaviour is to roast, be sarcastic and mean on T posts that have that vibe otherwise you'll get downvoted for God knows what.I see...Apparently your little "/joke" footnote is not helping lol.Nope... *secretly has emotions and gets trumped everytime discovers he has them*Actually making impartial decisions has nothing to do with emotions you have. Everybody has those but having a T preference does mean you value logic over feeling. So I think if a T made a decision based om what they felt they'd be very annoyed at themselves.

Now motives and wants is another thing. Funny thing is sometimes for the sake of your end goal you are, in lue of being impartial and "above the sensitive peasants", neglecting your own sentiments just as much as someone elses.That's kind of sad for some reason.Oh well this I'll empathise with.Looked down/ got irritated at someone for being overly emotional while making a judgement call, realise later they're still happier and better liked.I was* wondering* what others* have* scored...

Now that I've demonstrated being a jerk. Try cognitive functions test on IDRLabs, similarminds and I think jung typology, they'll be more accurate. But hey your call and I got INTP on there I think.Suppressing emotions is more of a thinker thing.Depends on the type of forgiveness really.

There's forgiveness because of victim mentality or helplessness and there's one because you don't want to give a crap and then there's one to want things to work well again and then there's one that actually means giving someone a second chance and trusting them a second time.

I'd say that the last one is the one that matters and yes it'll be ENTJs, XNFPs and XSFPs

Mostly because high Fi empathises with someone using their own experience and would probably be more willing to forgive and ENTJs Te/Ni is very very good judge of character and tolerant of human error and I think if they saw betterment they'd not only forgive you but help you up.But they didn't say that INFPs make them puke, they said the post did which was INFP in nature. The delivery was wrong but I don't think the attack was on the type rather a quality they find very hard to deal with.There's a probability that you're INFP. Research, research and do some more research.Because you said that I have no issue thinking logically... INFPs are one of the smartest types and they still have Te demon, I don't think thinking illogically is their flaw it's usually that they base their decisions on how they feel rather than how they think.Ermmm...LolI was going to ignore it but then there were a bit too many. Happens when you'revtyping quickly, not paying attention and/or english is not your first language so...Yup thisNope or might just have not noticed.I relate to most of this way too much except I think the eye contact and I'm a she so seems pretty INTJ to me.Isn't grip cycling between dominant and inferior. The dominant function is heavily and very heavily unconsciously favoured so it'll take a lot of conscious effort to pay attention to rhe other ones instead of it and I'd even say it might be better for personal development.ThisWell feelings for someone i.e. initial infatuation or fondness of someone is essentially an unwelcome punch in the gut.

But growing together, doing things with each other and learning with one another which leads to a strong bond is personally wonderful. A trusted bond essentially!Well if you say so...&gt;"A danger to yourself and the society"

I mean sure if you can provide a valid argument without belittling them but otherwise even if proven wrong, if you hurt someone's self esteem attached to an idea you're just motivating that person to get stubborn and yeah that is your responsibility because you started trying to fix someone's viewpoint without understanding the person themselves and now we're in a mess.Soulless like INTPs :DThisI can agree with this being an INTJ female.The point isn't what should be but what is. You may not like it but most ppl attach their self esteem to their ideas and yes mostly they're not mature enough and no it's not your problem but looking at the big picture, you might as well learn to deal with that.Well I'd actually agree with you on this... you make a very good point.I liked thisI don't think the INTJ one alligns with the general theme.  Do you mean your own emotions or anyone elses or vague information?Well if it's someone I respect I'd probably let it go and do it.

If someone is nagging me and I already decided to do it, I'll do as I planned to do it but if I didn't decide to do it and they're being unreasonable I'll probably not even not do it but make a point to show then that I didn't.Likewise.You can still have your own though and it could be as simple as making sure you don't cause suffering or to greet as many strangers as you can.Honestly, unless you're insecure about your own brain you don't talk about IQ and yes it's coming from someone who has talked about it.I bet I can reverse engineer an outcome that shows yoi're losing and formulate a plan.A lot that you wouldn't say....Efficient in expanding energy I'd say for us.So you mean your own opinions are so worthless that even you don't want to take time to express them?Middle childOkay coming from a female INTJ.

If you're going to judge us on how good we are at making friends or how well we share our failure stories, well umm you're doing it wrong.

Here are some pros I have as a friend:

I'm non judgemental

I'll always give help if I see you need it and I can help and I will forget that I helped you.

I'll be nice, I'll never embarrass you

Our friendshio in my head won't fade because of distance or time, if you need me I'll be there if I can.

I'd probably go fight for you if need be, sometimes without you knowing.

As for the cons:

I don't like sharing my emotions, I don't like telling what's inside no matter how close you're because to be emotions are a problem if I fix it, it's solved there's no problem if it's not getting fixed than I need to fix it and I'm focussing on fixing.

I won't be friends with your friends and I probably won't get how you're feeling.

I'd probably be honest with you and expect that and subtle speech is mostly lost on me.

I'd never ever share my failures nor do I want emotional support, it bugs me.

Overall I'm not a good friend I guess but I'm a decent human being.Inf Fi and Fe I'd guess.I know my good traits and bad traits. To me friendship means something different, I give as much as I expect to get. When I say I'm not a good friend I mean it from most ppl's perspective.

Friendship for me is not about sharing feelings, it's about knowing there's someone I can trust and depend on in times of need and they get me. Frankly I just don't crave ppl that much but if I'm actually putting in effort you mean more than you know.

One thing might be that INTJs are Ni doms and INFPs are Fi doms and as davesuperpower says F/T doms are ppl focussed whereas N/S are things focussed most of the time so it could be that the meaning of friendship is different for both ppl.Thought as much lolA motive, this interests me lolThen leave, go home and sleep, end of story!Have written them down, the problem isn't forming a plan and inplementing it, the problem is people to get onboard and the nitty gritty details to take care of but wprking on that.Just when you do find them use caution, handle with care till they are comfortable enough to open up and become a dragon of their own.Drives me nuts lol...17 female, with a middle name marrie, is in school and spends a lot of time in the parking lot. Since half the reddit is in the U.S. and does speak fine english lets assume U.S. and narrow data further after reading into more information.Actually the usual INTJ is tribe above self i.e. Te&gt;Fi just not in your regular touchy feely way.Really depends on both types. Personally never had good interactions with Fe doms. Seem to rub them the wrong way but do admire their Fe from afar.He might have noticed better growth opportunities. NTJs are all about gowing forward and ENTJs work really damn hard so theyxre almost always remarkably good also because they show it off for you ti notice but still they're all about growth unless ofcourse there's a reason to be loyal then they'll take shit for loyalty.Oh well... Always wanted to hear an ESTPs perspective...Lol not really.Well if someone genuinely means that, it makes you happy tbh. Being smart is something for instance I know I am, it's almost offensive if someone says, hey you're smart and you're like "duh" but if someone is around and tells me hey you're a really good person, it'll mean more only if I'm being a good person though.

And if someone said I had really good taste in clothes or anything and I always looked nice, again I'd be thrown off and I guess would like it.

Point being, it's not your territory and you usually don't get these sort of compliments.Yeah it's definitely not a way of comforting an INTJ it'll just come off as insincere.LolLol nothing really, I was just picking on the commentor.One of my most favourite types.Nice oneMind if a third person joins?I'm interested in typing for practice and seeing how well my understanding is in comparison i.e. whoever you pick to type I would like separately typing that person and see if we come to same conclusions and if not how are we comimg to different conclusions.There's no bias against sensors for anyone who remotely understands the purpose of typology or even sensors. Mostly you see it because every N that's been bullied by the real world data vents out by telling themselves they're smarter, mind you everyone is smart in their own way. I'd even go as far as saying that sensors have it way better than intuitives do and if I could be I'd be an ISTX rather than an INTJ.Yeah like eating and sleeping?There's more pointing out the issue than there is actual issue though.Yours isn't though, infact very experimental ;)Nice.Has some good points and is at times spot on, thinks he has more good points than he actually does.

A bit too overexcited, goes on tangents which doesn't help the content.

Of all the youtubers on typology that I've listened to (in detail) and yes I've heard many, so far davesuperpowers is my top pick.Isn't everyone on youtube though.Now now who is that? We are interested in that inspiring reddif user.Sounds pretty STJ alhough has a well developed intuitive side.Reaching the top of a mountain and standing their alone  realising you've conquered it, looking into the horizon before you venture to conquer the next.

Dramatic I know 🙄For whoever made us, we might be... jkWhat about davesuperpowers sensei?Hey the type is over exaggerated because of the false stereotypes and ppl who don't get it want to be it and you're right about lack of social skills etc etc but hold on a bit 

I admire ISTJs but INTJs have a couple of pros you might need to know about, INTJs are very growth focussed and try working on their flaws all the time. Not super skinny nerds, I could say the same for ISTJs I've met actually and also remember we share your Te/Fi just not Si-Ne axis which only says you rely on tested and tried and we rely on an abstract vision we have formulated from the present and we're not even looking for validation unless the vision is realised.

Target the wannabe fake ones.Quora is garbage.Now now don't start picking on the type just because everyone else is...Show OP they're non virgins and we'll have the ISTJ take back their argument lol.Lol interesting.Thankyou kind stranger.Yes please can you explain better?The problem is undervaluing sustenance while valuing innovation in your argument.Atleast I'm not a result of a regretful experiment 🙄Nope my parents are very simple minded sensors.
&gt;I feel like both say fucked up things as jokes

Lol agreed. And yeah I've noticed ISTJs laugh or say I was joking and I personally would never say I was joking unless the stakes were high and I didn't want to offend the person and there was that probability.LolDo the best to my abilities to change a few things in the world and maybe hope to leave it better than I got it.SameFor how long? To what end? Serving what rationale?

Yeah well I'm a buzzkill, you don't want me as a friend!You keep a lot of feelers around lol, interesting!Best friend is ISTP after that ENFJ who currently is mad at me and ISTJ who thinks I'm weird and need help and INFP who is in the process of my deidealization lol.Nothing I say makes sense to the sensors so they look at me like I'm bonkers. Yeah jk (not really) but I guess the resilience and will to power is something that I'll say makes INXJs special.From a practical point of view look at what they're saying, how they're saying it and what makes more sense to them.

ISTJs would be very practical and specific about things, they'll be physically organized to an extent i.e. you can't call them messy atleast. They're sometimes prone to gluttony but apart from that proper food, proper sleep, proper catalogued, reliable and solid work witha linear line of reasoning.

INTJs would also be organized but they'll be more in their heads. They'll be responding to a lot of underlying meanings. They'll be intense with whatever goal or project they're doing at the moment and disregard all sensory. They would jump ahead and leave blindspots in their conclusions unless they've developed that part and if you're a sensor you'll see big gapping holes in the data. The conclusions aren't linear. They would also shirk away from the details or keeping track of the physical world as they'll be more focussed on the world inside their heads.Yeah but they're good at being altruistic and caring for via actions. I can see it working.Subtle!Lol nope just a common weirdo.Can I get more of your type around me lol?I changed the joke a little but essentially the delivery was in a teasing sort of way and with 3 ISTJs, I've been around, all 3 make jokes like these i.e. something that is not the case but might have been in exaggerated circunstances.

It's non offensive sort of funny I think.Probably trying to make an actual apparent joke out of it.Oh well I am who I am.Yeah kind ofIntuitive and yes I notice pretty ppl. Don't care about their dresses but will pick up a style I like and modify for use just because.Hey we don't even recognize that authority but it's more effective if they keep thinking they're in charge you know so they don't start yelling. Not stop creating chaos 🙄I'm not well qualified to answer but as far as I know your top animal has two of the saviours in this case Ti/Si but not all of your animals require you to have the top 3 functions and I think (I think please someone correct me) that they bring in the activated demon if your second animal uses demon functions so yes you use that animal because everybody uses everything but it's still a manifestation of your demon.Well they're chill, smart, good at a lot of activities and ppl, so yes always like them but wouldn't want to be them.

Just the amount of time they're out and about is even draining to imagine and I'd say they don't seem to think things through a lot but still nice ppl.He's not being funny to fit in, he uses humor to avoud vulnerability. He was well liked at his office because of his very well placed sarcasm and shows the tertiary Fe very often. He never really liked a 9-5 job he actually switched careers just because but he was good at his job. Also he's wittier than any ESTJ I've ever known.

Monica is your ESTJ (in most episodes) if you want to relate.Same but I know why others are not keeping up.Really none that I can think of. I guess google watch and verify maybe.If it was the other persons fault though. But then INTJs usually don't make mistakes.Given I have very very fast reflexes, this seems more ISTP.NoneSameIndeed, indeed!Mostly just probing to see what you're made of.I'd say as long as you're not close there's very very little you can do to tick us lolPersonally I can just see what they're doing and why they're doing it and enjoy it. Why give someone the reaction they want lol.No you can make us feel good bevause we enjoy banter, even arguing, impersonal things and even ticking you off but more subtly.Hmm interesting point...But isn't it going for the throat? Do you really want to go for the kill.

Hurting tertiary should work just fine i.e. for EXTPs just messing up with their Fe should really shut them up.And everyone knows we're better ;)Tertiary Fi menifests for as a strong moral code and that's it. It's not very often consulted with and if Te and Ni can see the goal of the conversation, well no one cares but yes if something hits those very peculiar hidden points, it hits hard.Two, quite the optimist aren't you?It's the well protected Fi child.I'm pretty sure we're a little hyped up only online and ISTJs are often called boring etc etc etc online. Also we're similar to them atleast in Te/Fi domain i.e. both types are closed off, not socially very aware, direct and focussed.Clossed off in regards to their internal state of being and not aware of social cues. I have a hunch you're going to say either but I'm not or no they're not so take what you must from this but this is how I've observed both our types.The more feared ones too I think.Can you meet me... I only have ppl I do this to or ppl who want to small talk or listen to me when all I need is a solution lol. Get into an argument, say what you mean, tell me to get over myself, lets get to the bottom of this please!Same"Or trying to bring crazy shit into my work" have had apparently "ego" wars with two ESTJ females so far, also a female and not dumb lol.In my terms optimizing or just tweaking something to make it go fast or just not bending backwards for the hierarchy but hey I'm a little biased here. As long as they're decent human beings I have respect for the type from afar.Lol my history does give away a lot after all. Where at?LolAnswering questions with questions, interesting!Closed off regards to internal state of being does not say averse to introspection! Study a little please, instead of arguing there's a ton of knowledge outside reddit btw everyone is an arrogant idiot the first year they figure out they're an INTJ.Lol you're bad at questioning. Yoy'd make a confused investigator.Would that imply that the non emotional types want to see themselves as more rational than they actually are? This is terrifying if it's true!ISTJs: a certain observant vibe like they want to be a part of it but aren't sure how or they want to do it the right way but are looking upto someone to show them. They have this eager yet calculating energy about them which at times is a childlike need to show off.

ESFJs: keenly perceptive and yet very warm but cautious and often on surface masked by goofiness. The outer appearences change with the audience.

ISFJs: they have this weird know-it-all (slightly condescending) vibe under all the helpfulness. Goofy and delicate yet still somehow bossy (not sure what the right word is).

ESTJs: again calculating, weighing pros and cons and there's a dumbed down intensity.Alwaya have a few. Keeps me remindong there are things I have to do. Mostly for everything I'm doing.They're both fascinating but not something I'd pick out or would stick with me really.Not looking for it but once begrudgingly accept the role my guess is: dedicated, patient, decisive, having foresight  and even making hard decisions on the cost of self.Honestly not smug, infact I'm questioning myself more than anyone I'll ever question (several times a day) and also care deeply but selectively. Although, I'd say still look the stereotype from afar.&gt;Ni-doms - also strong presence because I can usually almost hear them overthinking shit

And they you lol.Irritated, false memory and all I can't remember any good times apart from vague impressions in quickly disappearing images.Nope.INTJ more like: I know what to do and how to. Thankyou!Se can menifest as sudden desire to eat certain food, excercizing randomly, taking a walk but you do it unprepared if you have been stuck fkr a while and nothing is getting done and you want to just have some comtrol over something and just go out and do something. Usually even the hikes are overly planned which is ofcourse the curse of Ni-Se imbalance.I guess I get what you mean. Sometimes wishy washy long winded novels are okay but mostly you just want the actual thing clearly stated and not overly dramatized.r/intj should be r/youaremistypedLol I was more referring to the accusations of mistypes than mistypes themselves but both happen pretty often so...I am not sure what ppl mean by forgiveness. If I got really really screwed over by you I'd probably get even but till the opportunity arises I'll probably not care and it's very easy for me to let go but the evening out comes from principal and not the rationale.

Apart from that I don't really care enough about "forgiving".Do they ones you agree to date actually come for the date? What are the stats on that lol?Realise that the guy you're interested in must not be an ESTP. JkI feel like ESTPs are rather straight forward ppl. If they find you attractive and smart then a simple lingering eye contact with a smile should do.My smile? 😅We have a winner.You guys are great. Only the action before thought bugs me at times but still the type is a good one! And everyone hates on everytype so...Dude... no one asked you to brag!Yeppp i know shitty jokeWell still you got the present covered though, so that's something.HahaMore like they'll actually try to think the feelings and fail miserably because it's ylthe same as feeling the thoughts.Seriously it's tough to choose the right bear.Same, it's almost making me give a damn.Bake us cookies?Artist... liked the testI tried that with all my friends and they thought I was weird so I tried with every new person I met and astonishingly after about 3 years one person super liked it and does not think I'm weird. But I plan on annoying the reat of humanity (rare ppl I interact with) till I let go of the hobby.No one counters Introverts, half of them kill solo the rest die solo.Erm... the simplest way is to let it go... if someone doesn't want to talk to you don't talk to them. Blocking specially says that there's no room for negotiations. It's not always someone's fault sometimes ppl just don't fit in right together. Just be happy and let them be happy in your separate spots if they try again and you want to patch it up talk it through if you don't, ignore them.I hate that I can so strongly relate to what you said and that's really the truth, it's almost never about hatred or not thinking good of the other person ir's just the stuck in your head, stubborn self that refuses to get out.It's not always idiot zoned, sometimes it's just incompatible zoned.You do realise you'd have to drag both those idiots out of their heads right?Why are all cultures XSXX driven lol?Can we do INTJ - N (Near - Death Note)Have a spreadsheet for both those things lol.You know if you do something even 15 minutes a day you can get good at it and it's never too late to learn.I wouldn't mind being either of the ISTX'sAs long as you can predict one in future lol.Naah that's too realistic for an intuitive, you know we only do whacky day dreaming while walking straight into poles. :DYou leave out INFJs, I've never met more of a perfectionist than an INFJ.Atleast you understand that guilt tripping is not a call for finding solutions... imagine trying to understand and reason every guilt trip and being flabbergasted when that doesn't work.Erm... should be more like: "Caution, voltalite materials"Love and amire a lot of other types specifically STPs, ISTJs, all NTs and hate a lot of traits that come with being an INTJ i.e. being in your own head, getting overwhelmed quickly but at the end of the day would always be my type since every type has a flaw that you don't and the only way to fix it is fixing your own flaws.Haah as if you can get me out of my head for enough time to yell lol!If the different stories somehow contribute to the end conclusion you want the other person to get to then it can be Ni.

If it's facts and extra real life details about the story than it's Si.

If it's just panning out ibto different stories that's Ne.

I don't think Se does that at all.It certainly is addictive lol.Love this...Yep... online and in person... I wonder what would happen if I cared though.Fe blindspot is a b**ch unless ofcourse you work hard to  understand and consciously try to fix how you come across. Thing is I think most mature IXTJs are polite but we're also blunt and honest to a fault. So what would simply be problem solving or telling the truth because we thought you wanted it will come across as self absorbed narcissism or arrogance and what not.I wish I'd learn the importance of punctuality and hardwork early in life. When I liked the subject I took classes but otherwise just took like 30% doodling until I couldn't get away with it. Usually I picked up whatever the teacher was concluding to at the start of sentences and then would go into my head while they repeated the same thing.First of all, chill. No one really fits in but yes some prople stand out more.

Being in late 20s means you should be getting to improving your short comings (everyone has them). It's a sad reality that being a good looking female makes it hard to find trustworthy friendships (know this without feeling sorry for yourself because looks are still a plus), specially if you're single but still you can find good ppl. Understand where you yourself are to blame and where not at all, what you can control and what you can't. Eventually, we all have to learn to find why we stand out and see how we can still make things work and yes being an alien is charming for half a day if you indeed are alien and then it sucks because eventually you have to deal with the shit everyone else is dealing with and majority rules.

Lastly, being an NT maybe analyze the situation from a third person point of view, pinpoint ths real issues and treat it as something to be fixed. Once you figure out a solution, implement. It's the easiest advice to give and hardest to take so...Stop overthinking... just go take a walk (engage Se) and then DO just about anything. Ni is cursed literally for overthinking uselessly.Wow you're awesome 🙂Yep, apparently Si is the comfort function apart from being the organized one.Type: see flair

Education: Intrigue or Economy

Traits: Proud, Ambitious, Cynical, Honest, Paranoid, Stubborn, Groomed.Depends on if I give a damn about the other person. In most cases, the silent treatment back at you and your existence forgotten with internal satisfaction that since it's now an ego issue for you, I won't be bothered.

In cases where I'm rarely emotionally invested, I'd try to get to the bottom of it, one way or another. This involves asking, trying to press buttons, basically I need closure i.e. the understanding so there's no loophole my mind gets stuck in. As soon as I have it... well welcome to the non existence box lol.Know of an ESFJ ISFJ couple... they well work but negative traits are reinforced and so are positives.

I personally like ENTJs a great deal infact it's extremely refreshing to be around one but we both are stubborn as hell and don't deal well with emotions so for the most part it'll be quick, efficient problem solving but if ever one hurt anothers Fi or feelings well, that's the end of it.Yeah I have streaks of excellent discipline but if I'm drained or somehow stressed it all just vapourizes. Trying to work on that but if I were this quick at picking things up I'd be a disastor which really sucks.Yep true...Sooner you show it, sooner you find ppl that like it and sooner they get used to it... good point lol.

I really would like having female NTs around me just so...Lol what?STJs are well interesting, they seem a flip coin to the NFPs because one looks like rainbows, choatic energy and the other like a solid rock on the ground and I enjoy the contrast.Nice... this is interesting!NiceAtleast they text and send a follow up email lol.I'm sorry for finding it extremely amusing. Do tell if you find a solution. I guess you can't really manipulate an INTP inyo anything but as someone else said, reverse psychology. 🙄I often remind myself that the only reason I've made it so far is because of those rare 100% hours of lightening speed and exceptional dedication.

And yeah I know once I start I start but seriously I meed to get over myself by starting NOW. sometimes I can beat myself to do it, at others I'm way too overconfident lol.Would be amusing if the post is a response of a kind.I feel like Js procrastinate and think about not procrastinating while procrastinating and Ps just forgot to do whatever they had to do.Erm... what?

Edit: Pretty sure we're not famous for our impeccable looks.I watched it a while ago and have a horrible memory with names so:

Lead girl: ENTJ

Octavia: ISTP

Belemy: ESTJ

the trouble maker good guy: ENTP

The ship president: INFJ

The nerd guy would be INTP (not sure) and his friend seems INFP and INFPs girlfriend from the earth safehouse is ISFJ.

Raven is also ISTP

Can't remember anyone else.Shit that's depressing.I REALLY REALLY REALLY hope we're not that bad...And how to get killed in your sleep.It's not your mind it's the poor ppl who're scared shitless of your yelling.I should assume lecturing older ppl whenever they said something stupid but otherwise quiet and independant 90% of the time was Ni lol.Haha please do.I did watch this one but I have a horrible memory. Now that you mention it I think he was the guy who had their pictures as best friends or something on his board and saved them. I have this image of him getting shot in my head and some ribbon and pictures.The one that was messing with the ship on the way down and also turned out to be raven's boy friend.Could be Se PoLR.Not like you guys are the most punctual beings in the world lol.I rather enjoy watching EXTPs do this to others and make note to never be read by them myself lol.Yeppp...I prefer black...Good thing about ISTJs is that they're logical. So logic away...

As for how to actually help, well help them figure out how to solve the actual problem. Are they losing something dear in their life, or control of their things or circumstances or is everything falling apart?

Also Fi tertiary means not admitting feelings and yet having a suppressed storm of unacknowledged emotions because well they don't make sense... eventually you have to show the stats that how she's statistically better at things she's self criticising herself. Charts, past acheivements, successes might help and even change of scenery and indulging in the best of lufe till they can get back in control.If you say so...But your reality is not necessarily the reality merely your biased perception. I thought STPs were logical and realistic... :oOne always posesses bias simply by relativity. A view from one side is different then the one from the other side. Sometimes true reality is a combination of all those views and one person's perception is not necessarily the reality. But hey whatever you say...Look at you giving explanations so you don't have to feel bad...I'm deeply offended by you assuming those sticks are permanent, we try to mix things up and therefore it's not always sticks dude.Not sure, just trying to see if something hits the mark lol.Frankly ISTX are the types I do have immense respect for but every once in a while we get a post about sensor bias, Stereotyping NFPs etc etc etc. I think all of us are stereotyped at some point and addressing when it's happening makes more sense. There's a real or internet bias against everybody.I guess mostly it is; How can I make this work given what I have and what I want. 

Going further it can be pro con analysis, seeing ppl and how their skillset can help or hinder and if there's a way to go smoothly through this without issues. For me personally it menifests like manuevering, finding path of least resistence, does that make sense, is this rational and does it work? I'd probably give up if something is true in favour of it it works but I'd not be happy if it's not true but then I'm not attached to that truth and can simply reanalyze for a more feasible solution.Like ISTXs for their practicality but I'm okay being me although a lot of self improvement is in order.Based on a small dataset... mostly I'm focussing on one person and then taking little things from 2 to 3 more.

Internally judgemental but don't want to admit it yet those judgements mean a lot to them. 

Quick to feel great about themselves and quick to get insecure. 

Are attracted to the elusive but usually have an idealistic view of people in their head and could get disappointed by reality quickly. 

Very caring, understanding, calm and genuinely nice ppl which also happen to be extremely smart. 

Don't like to show their true selves and often everyone assumes they're their friend but they actually don't consider these ppl their friends simply because maybe lack of emotional depth or fear of being misunderstood.


On a personal note: I get really irritated with idealism and superior feeling for being more deep but then all of us have our shortcomings.Head on...!Too true...Very vivid and dark imagination if I feel slighted... eventually though I let it go simply because it's not feasible and negative emotions are not healthy for myself, also at times I'm misreading and wrong and it doesn't do anyone any good.

But honestly it's a good thing I don't have too much power and I wouldn't be well suited to it because I am a very firm believer of payback specially if someone bullies you because they think you can't get back at them.

Oh and I don't usually forgive... I just put it out of my mind and either get even with you in future pr forget you exist. It's more of a mistake to ask for forgiveness then to let it go unless ofcourse you have solid honest reasoning then I make exception for honesty.You want to argue? *rolls sleeves*Atleast in our heads...."Alone is all I have, alone protects me" *dramatic music plays in the background*Maybe everyone is an ISTJ... did you think if that?Speaking more doesn't mean higher population. For every ENTP there are probably 10 silently lurking INTXs.

JkYour logic is pretty flawed. You pick positives of one side and negatives of the other. Intuitives also tend to gloss over details, miss important things, disregard traditions and read too much into things to the point of delusion.

ESFPs are far better at sports compared to ENFPs.

ESTJs are excellent at managing and keeping things alligned the way they should be. ENTJs may be transformational leaders but you don't always need transformation. You need to the the trivial and the real redundant stuff right at times which intuitives hate having to deal with.

ISTJs are well brilliant with whatever they do, they reach the level of expertise that is hard to parallel and are more dependable than INTJs. You see Ni is what I want function and Si is what I should do function.

Intuition and sensing are both necessary, disregarding one is simply not going to do you any favours and unless you value both you'll never be able to grow into a well rounded person.I feel like all INTJs would bond over discussing the stupidity of the human race and then after the energy is worn out just awkwardly get to their own stuff and not even bother with the formalities unless something is needed. Probably each will realise that the other is a "jerk" and know that they're too and I think that would be a relief for some reason.On your... what are you doing it for point:

Sometimes you're doing it for a long term goal and yes you always need to have a balance between Fi and Te i.e. dom't just do things for the sake of doing things but don't also give too much reasons to your own morals. The world works the way it works, you leverage a bit of this and a bit of that amd that's how you move forward. But otherwise interesting post.Just going for if I do this:

I simply avoid ppl I don't dislike... I understand that every person is different and I would hate for them to be hurt in any sense but I'd probably simply say to them if need be that we don't match frequencies much. If it's not feasible to tell them or they're way too high drama or noisy or simply problematic well I'd find a way to have them lose interest in me and just avoid them.

I'm honest as hell but not an idiot. It's usually either high Fi or high Ti though because Te and Fe both want to somehow move alongside tribe and won't do anything to cause trouble.Even as a stereotype, I find mine very close to my own mantra.It gets hard if the interaction is in work place and unquestionable obedience is required. Usually if they're capable the INTJ would let them have the light but if they try to put one over you then well... I think INTJs are extremely stubborn and independant.Pretty sure I used to correct ppl at 5 and frown so sorry not 12."And if we can't do it we exaggeratedly brag about doing it."Lol...Yeah Fi is the individualistic function and ENTPs have it PoLR so makes sense.As an INTJ Female... this hurts... reason I never want to tell anyone I'm INTJ and so want to adopt ISTX traits.SameNot realising full potential, dying before I've reached my goals, being absolutely out of control and unable to predict or do anything about the situation.Inspired from your response:

INXJ: Motivation for their own goal either morality related or system related. Some sort of wish to fix things in the big picture.

EXTJ: Motivated to gain more power, influence or status depends on N or S

EXFJ: Motivated to form a community and be a influential figure in the community or reforming the community towards a cause i.e. N or S

IXTP: Motivated to acquire knowledge about the systems they come in contact with or the underlying theories in the world i.e. N or S.

ESXP: Motivated to live life to the fullest and explore either in accordance with how they feel or what they've learned to be true.

ENXP: Motivated to have freedom to the fullest and always exploring possibilities either in accordance with their own belief or what they've learned or deduced.

ISXJ: Motivated to acquire security, reliability and stability in their lives. To maintain and bring comfort as a result of their efforts throughout life.

IXFP: To find what truly matters and realising beauty in the world either physically present through sight or underlying in metaphors and in thought.Lol did I read bias... Not sure about a lot of other types but certainly have met very smart INFPs.I think it disintegrates because INTP finds INTJ stubborn and with shallow logic based on read facts whereas INTJ gets irritated by the INTP not staying on point and convuluting simple logic. They're both good to learn from though when one needs a different perspective.I think Ti is more like thinking for yourself function and Fi is more being your true self so Ti would allow not being yourself with good reasoning.So Iron Man is simply an EXFJ on overdrive.Okay first, very very aware of the flaws I have to the point of stress and most of these are correct but not the following:

Can improvise after getting shocked that I couldn't predict it but that came from practice.

Not predictable since don't give away any expressions and never have been.

Okay can get emotionally riled up if somethink hits close to home but won't at a lot of things you expect us to be riled up for.

Can't lie on spot and that is actually more about unexpected situation but otherwise an excellent liar to the point have never once been caught or suspected.

Can't catch others because would need an incentive to know if they're lying, once that is figured out well..

Otherwise I guess I agree... good observation.Apparently the type is one of the most craved and the post is only to show we're only humans. Which we might know so it's for other types' benefit.I was even once called creepy for this... It's not my fault ppl are so easy to predict and see... I just have this innocent hobby for typing ppl and then telling them all about it if I ever happen to talk to them because everyone I find slightly interesting is typed and stored away in my head.Probably one of the very best fits for CSBut it's a bit much to specificly state the flaws of a type just because a bunch of arrogant idiots think they're geniuses.Find ways to make them talk Si or Ni and then reveal the difference.

I do have an ISFP friend who thinks she's an INFP and I straight up told her that there's no way she was an INFP.Quick action. I'll take this leaf out of your diary... I always give them privacy to take the test but I should do this instead.Honestly! Morals are always accounted for and there's a very very firm line in place thanks to that Fi which also renders stubborness. But all bets are off if my goal is threatened as long as no one gets hurt ofcourse but otherwise well...Interesting thing is that as she's pointing out INTP flaws they're Ne-si related and Ne is like her demon 8th function. Both share Ti so she can't complains about it.

When she's talking about INTJs, it's classic Te vs Ti and Fe vs Fi clash and then she has Ni as her 4th so she mentions the predictability.

I've an ESTP brother so I get it but is any criticism ever valid coming from a bias? Sure you can take some points from that i.e. how ESTPs feel about other types but the data is skewed simply.Erm... we do feel emotions you know we just try to not let even our own heart get in our way.No need to try to become an INFJ. Try to write down a diary and let feelings ot where you're sure they won't cause problems or hurt you.We'll be the mysterious loners you think killed someone in the library or your classroom and ofcourse STEM. If you persist we might recruit you to one of our secret cults I can't say more here ENTJs can be loud and can try to hijack plans way too quickly.More like those who keep trying thrive. Luck does a part but playing the odds and resilience also plays a part.Erm sorry for being harsh but get over it.

Seriously not even saying this to make you feel better but sensors are quite smart. Learning theories or being a good academic goes just only that far in life... it's the realism and facts that carry weight. You're comparing every person's outside pros to your inside flaws... Stop doing that!

Everyone is screwed up and everyone screws up, stop pushing ppl away because you feel insecure, they are around because you provide them value as well and you have something they don't. I know it can be hard but that level of self analysis isn't a sign of someone dumb so get over yourself and value your existence no matter what anyone in the world tells you.I know ENTPs were getting executed for crazy ideas and arguing with the kings.You can train your brain to be good at whatever you want... as for changing the letters... no one cares!Yes even if something is true if it's condescending pr demeaning to another person it's not just arrogant but also insensitive.

Often the ppl we assume to be stupid find us the same way and therefore it comes down to simply running on different frequencies. Human interaction is an art not science and learning it rewards greatly, lookimg down on it hurts greatly.Well you might starve to death lol. Good luck!Well never have I ever seen a lead Fi cause drama or gossip... usually they are very of it. Have seen Fi auxiliaries to do that rarely though but it's usually for the sake of their lead function i.e. Ne or Se.And I put my keys in front of me on the table... label is to say my keys, make and arrow and then spend 15 minutes looking for my keys...That's argueable. Probably a reliable source would be the maker of the joke.Well Si is drawing comclusions from past experiences, a comfirt function that is very in tune with the body. Ni is extremely dismissive of even things like food, thinking it's above it. Ni dom will be in their heads, or mostly focussed on a goal "they want". Si doms are usually more focussed on what "they should do". Duty vs ambition I'd say.

Ni is far more abstract and doesn't make sense compared to Si. Si does have very good fact recall as well and Ni well can derive from patterns.The memory reference is essentially from DaveSuperPowers. They study the cognitive functions and have concluded that Si (Masculine - we won't go into M/F) has a very good fact recall but in general Si memory is better than Se memory. And the worst memory you can have is a femine Se in your 4th slot but those ppl have excellent skills to categorize things and remember information through the category. Although I do not have much data to back the claims I do not have much to refute it either.

Being an Se inferior myself I can claim here that I'be worst memory possible i.e. I hardly remember anything at all from my past but merely impressions yet I've always performed well at school because I was very good at picking and understanding complex concepts.As for DSP, well I'm still studying it and seeing if that makes any sense... haven't yet enough data to refute or accept. I'm trying to run my own simulations to see the consistency in their claims.

As for your memory part, I'd say you put it better than I could've. My memory is also somehpw extremely linked... something relevant opens bucket of information on that subject but apart from that I have no memory whatsoever in the general sense.This sounds something interesting to study. I'll most probably give it a go sometime.This should be interesting... please expand on it.I like this... *evil grin*Yeah not planning your murder, I just don't have that much to say... I don't like sharing or smiling or budding with everyone's buddy and no I've never wanted to hurt anyone but not going to waste my time proving that so it's okay if calling me the bad guy makes you feel better about yourself.Nope... that's against the law!Start being there only for ppl who're there for you... eventually you'll find fulfilling connections assuming you're already the good guy anyway.Haha this...Outside work... yup you guys often are.Yeah I now want to hear TJs say that we can be very spontaneous as long as it's scheduled for sponteniety.Usually the communications stay surface level and I think  all introverts are going with their extraverted function and in their heads thinking the other is a fool, shallow or whatever depending on the PoLR. The extroverts usually will just think you're weird etc once they get in deep.From 7 to 9 at friday night, these ppl are coming and I'm going to this place and these are the expectations... okay here is how I'll navigate it... (little exxaggerated)

Others: wow youxre so chill

Me: smile (didn't think someone would say that and haven't thought the response through)Somehow there's an irony in the comment you responded to and the implication of the effect. Because smart ppl tend to think they're less smart often.Well your data points are not diverse enough. Someone can be smart and yet dumber compared to someone else. Not saying that the type is dumb in fact I believe they're smart but the argument you give is very flawed. You're saying that you and other ISFJs are simply smart and you're arguing against the fact that other types are smarter which doesn't make sense.We actually like proving you wrongYes but then you're like who cares I know this... I should learn that and then you get good at that. It's always about wanting to learn more than telling somwonw you know.Totally get that...I guess knowing what you say a good approach when working with an ESTJ would be to simply tell them in a lot of detailed what system or struvture you're following and how does it work so that way they don't get worried about chaos. I've clashed with ESTJs at work but I'm understanding the viewpoint through your responses better.Hate those ppl...Ironically... all I see is very high Fi...

You are who you are... you do what you do... MBTI or any other system simply helps you understand how you process information and how to make the best of it, not what you can or can not be... you decide that by working your ass off and the post merely looks like a sentimental opinion i.e. "I didn't get the cookie do I hate the candy shop, those ppl make bad candies and they suck"There are 4 types with high Fi and 6 if you consider types that have a better 3rd function then the 2nd one so... but my guess is Fi dom or auxilliary. Could be any FPDoesn't work that way... ignorance/ false information is not specific to typeLike I see this one every couple of days.

Illinformed ppl hate things they're ill informed about... it's nothing personal and no one dies... sensors are smart and intuitives are not bumping into walls, feelers have thoughts and thinkers have a heart. Can't we just settle on that once and for all!Yeah you didn't give an Ni description thereComplex strokes, intrigated into good patterns... sophisticated, smart and looks good.1. Pride

2. Wrath

3. Lust

4. Gluttony

5. Sloth

6. Envy

7. GreedYeah the Ni is generally a bit over glorified tbh. I am not sure how good of an Ni description I can give but it's essentially looking at the under-the-surface, projecting forward based on the present and narrowing in things. It's not smart, just different because of rarity and makes conclusions that aren't expected which if true make leaps forward. But overall I see the descriptions you gave... interesting!Lol...Research (what kind?) For knowledge (again what kind?)... care to elaborate please... not YET making any sense...Lol...Lots of Fi in their and I can see a little bit of Si... my guess is an unhealthy ESTJs maybe i.e. dislikes drama, is ahead of work etc but extroverts nevertheless need ppl.That makes sense... Not really sure which other box to throw her in tbh!Well it depends on what love means to you really...

if it's undying devotion etc could be XSFJs, for loyalty it would be the XSTJs. 

XSTPs can be very binary about it as well i.e. fully into you like no one else vs don't care.

I'd say EXFPs love very sensitively and strongly.

IXFPs would be caught up the most in it... that damned Fi.

XNFJs would feel no one feels more strongly and would be immensely dedicated, their life for yours.

XNTP would love very innocently and purely.

XNTJs like to pretend they're above it but dopamine, serotine, oxytocin and endorohin are a b**ch.This exactly.Depends on if this person is into submissives.Nice post.

They need to "be" seen. (Sorry it's just bugging me way too much for some reason)I know right... gets stuck in your head!Ok as an INTJ female I'll give you this:

Hate when ppl are unjust because they know other person won't retaliate or can't and want to screw them over if they underestimate me in a way that they try to screw me over just because. Given that she's a little passive aggressive. 

I know I have trust issues and slight paranoia when it comes to these things. I'm all for "I don't care if this is happening in the world, I'm going to do my best, at even my own expense to fix it". But I never go for someone's job, or long term injury... I am more of a believer in face punching, slit tires, broken watch, death stare at times anger i.e. revenge befitting the crime (haven't done any of it). If they apologize, I'm good! But I also let it go for my own sake at times but if I ever have a chance to stop injustice I do!

For cleaning tables, I kind of do my part of the work and just leave the other persons part to them and find a way to never have to depend on them for that thing so it doesn't mess with me but I guess the healthier way would be to just say it to the other person to do it.

I do get very angry at catcalling and I'm rarely angry and I can be very harsh and abnoxious when I'm angry so I guess I can see it. Generally like her I'm extremely laid back, live and let live, kind of chill person but some buttons are better not pressed.Wait you can't fix it?You say it so much better... this exactly!We like to play the villain because everybody else is obsessed with wanting to play the hero and there's some stuff that needs to be done that the hero's are too great to do so we do what needs to be done at times at our own expense and let you call us emotionless monsters just because...

Not sure where it is on the good vs bad scale or even on humble vs condescending scale but sometimes the things that need to be fixed aren't popular and you won't get praised for doing the good thing so it's easier to just appear like you don't care and at times truly not care.Or the blackholeOn a different note... STs are the pragmatic, rational and logical ones.

NTs are more aspirational, intellectuals! I'm not sure why this keeps propagating.

INTJs are cynical idealists even though smart, ISTJs are the pragmatic logistians.

INTPs are the creative geniuses and ISTP are the realistic pragmatists.Usually you improve that idiot inferior function once life starts hitting you because of it. For Se inferior it's usually the same thing infront of you face that keeps screwing you over so you start paying attention to it. For EXTJs it's when they're abandoned and they finally have to deal with what they want and who they are as a person because unless they get into self analysis they keep getting screwed over by others so they pay attention to it.

Fixing what you suck at it is an everyday job and way too hard... I bet half the ppl asking that still don't get it because until you get screwed over a couple of times you have to be insanely responsible to get good at the demons just because.Yeah didn't read it all but our Ni is paranoid at times... and even if it's right, ppl don't even know their own intentions/emotions at times when the Ni picks it up so sometimes have to just let it go. Ni is really way too perceptive for it's own good and knows way too much to put to good use, I'd say ENXJs have it better.So here's how it works:

8 functions in total... each has both introverted and extroverted orientation.

1. Ni &lt;-&gt; Ne

2. Si &lt;-&gt; Se

3. Fi &lt;-&gt; Fe

4. Ti &lt;-&gt; Te


1 and 2 are perceiving functions i.e. they're more related to data collection or data manipulation where as 3 and 4 are judgement function i.e. more dealing with data analysis and decision making.

Each type has a sequence of these functions based on the preference.

Say you're an INTP:

Since you're an Introvert with N and T preference your first function is either Ni or Ti but since you have a P at the end it means your extroverted function is a perceiving function i.e. Ne so your first function is Ti


For the other two you just flip 2nds orientation and temparament to get the 3rd and do the same to the 1st to get the 4th.

Ne -&gt; Si

Ti -&gt; Fe

Then Ti &gt; Ne &gt; Si &gt; Fe

I think the other poster already said what functions in different roles tell you. You'll get the description of each if you google it.Nope all my family is sensors and I don't have the means to do a DNA test but I have matching features so I'm probably not adopted.What's the most optimal course of action to achieve best achieveable rewards without wasting time or excess energy.Yeah stop testing ppl just for the sake of it... you'll be disappointed because perfection doesn't exist.maybe...Downvote could be an ironical joke....Have almost never downvoted unless it's simply too stupid and misinforming... even then I usually ignore. So not sure how that'll play into your theory.

Edit: 90% of the time don't even upvote.True that...Now i know! Wouldn't have mentioned if I knew before.My wordplay would be very NSFW at this point lol so I'd stop!For what it's worth I think sensors are grounded, realistic and overall great. 

Now please do intuitives the same courtesy in real life lol. JkIt actually exists quite literally on the internet mostly because of bad stereotyopes and ppl having a need to feel like a special smart snow flake and I think sensors deal with it the same way actual intuitives deal with being bullied in real life. They either don't care or just stop going to those places.

and yes it should be remedied.Fi in the stack is bound to get personal at some point. So NFPs and NTJs to a leaser extent tend to do that but I doubt NTPs or NFJs do that very often.

And there's a difference between bias a objectivity.Honestly... if you have a feeling preference your logic is aiding the decision making for what feels right and what is good or bad or moral or ethical. First you see if it satifies the feels than you look at the logistics of logic. Things can be differently proportioned based on where in your function stach are F and T and hoe close are they and if you're looping.

With thinking preferences you usually try to not to base decisions on your or anyone elses emotions and make conclusions even if they don't feel good and after that go to the feelings to fine tune that decision or get aid for the thinking. It's a preference at best.Well not comfortable with that but you can make the leap understanding the quality of blackholes and what they do, what they like and then change the context for similar words.

Yeah I just killed it I know!No but it can be usefulHow do you efficiently feel? I'm curious and it's very tempting.Yeah I hate that I'm stubborn and can't just mingle with ppl for the sake of it. I feel like life would be easier if I just was easygoing, compromising and going along with everyone else but nope even trying to be that person would kill me.That sounds very interesting... sure it sounds slightly shallow amd manipulative but in the long run useful and makes sense.No ISFPs are interesting and smart... you guys just never say what's on your mind and same with most INFPs but find yourself a few SFJs and if you want fun/chill: STPs.This thisSame with Ni Te Fi although it's more like having different definitions of connection which is not widely shared.Find yourself some ISTPs and if you can deal with reasonable stubborness, INTJs.Find an extroverted wingman/woman?Yeah I know that's why I said it seems. Yes it is infact better and I'd probably like getting good at that, just doesn't come naturally.90% same as me.If it's something fixable, solutions start popping in my head and I act or plan on a course of action immediately. If I can't find a way to solve it and I'm avsolutely out of control, I withdraw, get lazy, look for best case scenarios and try going towards them all the while trying to sort out the potentially harmful emotional mess by being my own therapist. Usually the damage is more a result of emotions sneaking up that I didn't realise were a big deal and won't just get over themselves.Why though?I'm curious like how do you make ppl feel something i.e. is it mostly through facial cues like smiling and being serene yourself or saying things?I'd say INFP &gt; INTP &gt; ISFP &gt; ISTP but all these types have strong judgements. Se aux does lend the ISXPs the quality of just not caring that much and chilling out.Yeah and see what clicks.I like this...Always thought ENTJ INFP made more sense. I don't think I'd be attracted to ENFPs even though I like them as ppl and from afar.Haha i can totally see myself siding with INFP when it's EXTJs although I usually pove the EXTJs company in non work setting.... ESTJs and me don't work well.

And you've got a nice bunch.Sounds fun... for some strange reason, ENTJs make great madiators atleast between TJs.Yeah that... love working hard... nothing more beautiful..."You're really stubbornn you know that" ... I do!

" you think too much."

" sometimes just go with it."

"You can't do everything on your own." ... I know!Lol nice... :')But isn't this thread also cristism? 🤔Would never use it how light did and don't feel comfortable making those judgements or playing God but would definitely keep it and make sire attention isn't drawn to it. Could be useful at some point in furture as a trump card.They're not theoretically that smart/quick know atleast 4 females but God they're socially a force to reckon with. Very knowledgable about the system, great at dealing with ppl. Admire them but I'd never even think of them as having technically high IQ.Haha... ;)Could be why would you care? Also Si even in tertiary is good with remembering facts.SmoothAs long as you get your nut... 🤔Too many caps, too many caps! Puts hands down in the pocket.I completely understand...Organizing stuff, unpacking... having everything in it's place and labelling stuff but then I totally become unaware of the surrounding but when I get aware, cleaning, laundry, more organizing... it comes and goes. Don't like grocery shopping much though.Lower Fi or Ti. High Fi would have possibly the strongest identity and high Ti would have solid foundations or reasons for an identity although not in the "I am" sense but still in the "I know" or "I'm right/better" senseI'd say you guys adopt if an idea is presented promosingly but won't vouch for changing things just because. As long as it works, you'll work tirelessly and way more responsibly than an NiTe would but if meed be you'll be more than willingly brainstorm and improve. On the otherhand an INTJ will mostly just look for the quickest way and have little regard for previously used methods unless ofcourse the new one isn't working well and they get screwed over. Both can be idiots when too stubborn.ISTJ: more dependable, more disciplined, more consistent

INTJ: More ambitious, quicker, more adapting

The stubborness in both of them is rather high though.Yep, this!It's the result of countless blank looks received after explaining Ni stuff so after a certain age Te kicks in and assumes ppl are just too plain and tries to describe everything as properly as it can... I guess after aging a bit more you get it right.This, this... I know why it'll work but even my own Te can find flaws in the examples and they come out sounding stupid so it ends up like nevermind. Must train that Te and Se and all the other idiots.Honestly, usually it's just a hunch based on lots of bits and pieces here and there, stuff that'll sohnd crazy anyway but even after thinking it out well enough, Ni has all top down approaches and when you start there it sounds vague, when you start at the bottom it feels context less, when ypu get into too much detail it feels like show off... eventually you have to learn to recognize where the information came from and how the connection is made and then find a more valid example for it that the other person can get. N is philosophy not thought.Isn't that just peacocking... you only ever brag about things you know deep down you're bad at. But goodluck making anyone realise that.

Also, that's a big reason for mistyping.Naah I enjoy that as long as it's fun and I like the crowd's mindset.Lots of respect for quick organization and great plan and execution but ppl dom't argue because you steam roll and not everyone has thick skin and not everyone stores away relevant facts to throw at opponent but even you know sometimes they're only well picked facts you know will work because you know how ppl think and the idea is pure bullshit.You can't really expect perfection... I'd rather, they be honest and straightforward about it i.e. I can't do this well, let's try this and would be a lesson for next time... then it's not a fuck up, just science.ENFPs can be just as scary with the pleasanteries... plus they're so unpredictable, always catch you off guard.Just play their game, they're good at it, play your own game... you know background fights and stuff, their Ni is weak so use that.Hey we have tones of mistyping posts on r/intj anyone who claims to be one of us has to go through a screening for eliteness.\&gt; **With our powers combined what did we just accomplish?**

Daydreaming?We look more evil our extroverted siblings do more evil lolProbably make up a good activity name for your alone time like oh shit i needed to do this for a friend and I'm so unhappy that I won't be able to spend time with you etc. No idea how to deal with ESFJs while remaining friends or not offending them... but they can be surprisingly helpful and rational when you seek out their help.Not sure how much of crap it is but if I have to go with the said theory and formulate a hypothesis I'd say Si is the comfort function. With XSTJs you also get super hardworking ppl i.e. proper work routine and healthy food so I don't know how much this SJ theory holds.And they get offended and take it as you not wanting to be with them instead of you wanting to be alone.I'll never call myself useless, I prefer cold hearted in public, useless in my head. You have to save some secrets.It's not even over metric just plain words.It does apply to ISTPs... Se for the awareness and Ti for doing it right.So after all we do get to have world domination... I always thought we'd keep planning and just never get there... what a relief!ESTP would start it and ISTP at some point would beat them pretty bad even if not at that exact moment. No one bothers them when they're doing their thing and they don't appreciate it ESTP or whatever doesn't stand a chance.As soon as you tell me to do something... nope... not gonna happen... on the other hand if you take the ESFP (love them) off my hands I'll be in debted and would be all ears...No no no no no... blind spot is the seventh function aka PoLR (Point of Least Resistance) and it's opposite (in your description of opposite) to the second function i.e. Se for INFP and Ti for ENFPs. What you're talking about is the demon and 8th function which although you're horrible at, you are conscious that you're horrible at it and can mimic it.It's socionics and it is not it could be!Have met a few, for their own self they can be extensively manipulative.Recently:

ESFJ because gossip although couldn't care less at this point and don't care much for the ppl they do gossip to but otherwise could've been an issue.

ISXPs, love these types but these days their sudden highs and sudden lows are irritating me.

XNFPs because idealize and then resent and flaky although again healthy ones are awesome.

Me: I do stupid shit to annoy ppl lolSometimes when you get insecure and don't want to admit it you do things to mask that. Fi is not the only function ENFPs have. They're social beings and after a while you understand the game and sometimes manipulate.Glad I could impart unacknowledged wisdom 😅Okay see what you mean. Maybe you're right :)Yeah should be any IXXP and was me at some point but wanting to change the world is such a buzz kill now have to care about all that other stupid shit.Now sure... our analysis of ourselves is often biased so even if I knew a few things they wouldn't necessarily be true in reality.Overconfidence in the skills will change to empathy for other skills and humble self assurance.Yes this exactly!Basically the mystery is attractive but that's all.I've seen all Si types (dom and aux) shop a lot for clothes and have collections that they would have for every occassion.

Se (doms and aux) usually go for trend and mixing and matching, more about what looks good than how it comes across.

ENXPs can care and yet not but are sloppy often. Fi users care about individual style i.e. a hat, a logo shirt and Fe about what fits the situation.

NJs are rather concernec about it weirdly... every ENXJ i've seen has very expensive taste and are too prim and proper. INFJs are the least concerned out of the 4 but still inside they're very conscious, it just feels they don't want to be vain. INTJs are concerned but like a personal touch and have some cool (in their heads) stuff they're particular about and it's mostly minimalist yet effective. Have yet to see a poorly dressed NTJ.I've heard atleast one INTJ say this and I've said this countless times myself... cuz I don't careYep... my ESTJ friend recently started correcting me as in no you care because if you didn't you wouldn't have to say it... although the argument has substance I'm still quite sure I don't care in atleast a few senses of the word.No those are your INXPs i.e. Se polar we atleast know at certain periods of time.I'd do shit for you if I like you, think of ways to sort out your shit, find ways to make things easier for you and mostly do chores you wouldn't want to if I have the energy that is and finally be loyal and probably make time for you. No! I don't know if you need a hug, but if you say you do I'd do it. I'm blind to other ppl's emotions mostly but if you tell me what you need I'll try and I can't really spend time on things or ppl I don't care for. On the other hand INFJs are polite and understand what you need in the moment, they won't be giving you honest feedback and fixing things.That's a generalization I wouldn't make. Sure there are mistypes, sure their are immature ones that fit in the box way too well and sure some take it to guide them but that is possible for a lot of types. What you're saying is something we get irritated about i.e. the evil genius stereotype is more curse than a blessing because genius isn't determined by type and if you had to live upto that standard it would be really hard, plus with quiet, cold and calculating exterior ppl assume smart and rarely get to know the real person instead they idealise you, eventually you take safe haven in some theory for making sense of yourself and the world which isn't entirely useful either but your generalization isn't right either.Ppl don't often realize this... too chatty vs way too quiet lol.no no but sometimes it's just other stuff... even if he's feeling awesome about you.Prove it doesn't.Imagine you had to convince someone to believe that it exists... can you imagine some good Ne arguments? Really curious.NoYeah those are EXTJ traits.

Yep do lose temper but rarely... I like not showing any type of effect whatsoever by which ppl can predict something so 90% of the time I look calm or mysterious or whatever you want to call it and I like to be perceived calm but very rarely I can get very angry and it's very ugly for everyone involved and I don't enjoy losing temper later...It's not about the comparison of human life and time itself but if you can't manage time well you're pretty much not getting a lot of places and knowing how and where to spend your time is very important. I know I'm not going to spend time gossiping with you about why the neighbours cat died so you can feel good because to me it's waste of both our times and I'd rather do something useful or just rest.You make sure you save yours and then everyone else's. Your kids are not yours to sacrifice since you don't own them, instead you took a responsibility to protect and nurture them and as for population control, you don't sacrifice the coming generation, you might just be killing the next tesla or newton or einstein. If you feel lile sacrificing put your own head on the chopper because that's the only one you have the right to sacrifice.Damn it I got Gandhi so I took one with 45 questions amd still Gandhi. It's not a diverse enough test. *shakes head irritated*It's not a decision based on if they're loved ones or not it's based on the decision of what you're responsible for. You don't run to save other ppl's houses when your own is on fire.You don't like doesn't make it wrong. Self preservation is instinctual. Your job is your priority after you've done it you're free to over extend but your first responsibility is your own job or home. Sure if my kid said I want to sacrifice myself and they gave me a good reason I'd let them but that's as far as it goes.Well if you can at the same time while helping your first responsibility sure go ahead but we're not Gods or omnipotent for the matter so the responsibility wouldn't translate very well into action. But hey! You've the right to free will just like everybody else.Okay... I see what you mean I don't necessarily agree with you but I can respect the mindset.Hey that's biased and I'm sorry you had that experience.Not sure but I think ppl in general, even though they've learned to deal with ppl and make small talk you know they hate 99% of ppl.

They don't like going into unchartered territory, dislike any sort of ambiguity and are very very stuck in their heads.More like "yup I'm the ass" from tertiary Fi and inferior Fi being "yep I'm not"...I'd say there are times when you really need to do stuff for greater good. Then you make a draw (unbiased) or find another way... i'm all for free will but not for sacrifiicing ppl just because.Post 1 is necessarily saying that for greater good it's okay to sacrifice your own instead of otber ppl's kid. I just said that only my own are my first and foremost responsibility. As for if necessity arises, I understand I'm to respect pther ppl's opinions but in my own opinion putting a bet on humanity by sacrificing a few children doesn't seem practical. You want to be practical? Stop having kids instead of killing them and I call it playing God and if God forbid there was a need for a mother to sacrifice the children "for the survival of humanity" well maybe I don't care that much about that humanity anymore to save it.I love all these... thank you for sharing :)Won't say nailed it but I did have a mini panic attack.Basically: overthink, rationalize, have a set of self constructed ethics, visions and dreams, extremely private and appear stoic and on the surface literally don't give a fuck but for the few ppl 2-3 or more they do give fucks they become sentimental, compassionate and what not. Love self improvement and love to work to make their visions a reality. Always have a goal to everything and value time immensely.Try gal lol.I'll never understand how can people just wing it? I mean literally how!Don't make spreadsheets and follow them to a tee but winging it still gives me a mini heartattack. So admire ppl who can lolOr they move to my dumb person list... very small btw because they get removed from existence.hey don't tell them okay and then figure out if there was truth to it and after you do it right tell them that's not the way to do it.I want to test it now... why do I need to test this now... why can't I just let it go...And it's okay to shit on nts?your rudeness hurts your ESFJ mother.Not always, sometimes we're just very aware and they can toughen up over time.lol :D when I fall for an XNTJ trust me I feel like a masochist and at least I'm a cold hearted robot myself.I'd like a friend like that for experiments of course.Yeah I'll let you know when I get there.When you know this about someone it's fun to have no motive and just experiment.Not really, I tend not to push buttons of ppl I don't have much interest in.Well I can maybe say for INTJs but if they like you, they do become a very different person with you in a very good way. If they don't like you, God bless you and forgive them for the obliviousness. ENTJs tend to deal betterYep if only though... lolmy type : see flair

Dad : ESTP

Mom: ISFJ

Favourite: None

Least favorite: unhealthy ESFJs

Currently crushing on: INTJ

Good friends: ESTJ, ISTP, ENFJ, INFJ, INFP

Enemy: all types

I want to be like: Me with better sensing

I fear/avoid: unhealthy gossipy ESFJsLol it's a bit extreme... actually had a wonderful ISFJ mother. I feel bad for it but she realised early on that I've a big problem with doing what's expected of me or told to me but overall she is amazingthis... you need Si so bad... I at times feel handicapped for not being able keep track of everything. Big ideas yes but Si is the ground you stand on.INTP? ISTJ? ISTP?Almost never start a fight but everything is getting recorded and if you don't stop at some point after subtle rebuttals like death stares, walking away, trying to not escalate and the reasoning is that you intentionally want to pick a fight well... you're on a very short lifelong list and would get screwed.I so lovw rhis depiction of the INTJ.Erm 9-5*

Plus INXJs would be least sensing and ISXJ least intuitive EXTJs least feeling and EXFJ least thinking.  Good post but I'd say enjoying a 9-5 job should be a function of Si first and foremost i.e. need for predictability but then also Te because Te likes systematic organized world.Lol I like it... but more importantly there's this golden rule...Trail blazing...Care to elaborate with an example?You want us all to sleep so you can get to the top easier? Not falling for that...Have thought about it way too often and has changed over the years. First I wanted everyone around my death bed but smilling because I told them to and that's how I wanted to leave.

Then a part of me just wanted to vanish in thin air as if never existed.

Now I want a very big funeral i.e. lots of ppl I don't even know who bring flowers out of gratitude because I somehow helped them but never met... people I inspired and people who're not crying... I want to be sure that they know I'm not sad about my death because I've lived a life where I've done my part and I want them to have a happy time. Just recently I've started wanting to leave a mark.But knowing the kind of death you want can inspire you for the life you get.I see what you mean... there still maybe a better way to phrase it.Now looks awesome... Sorry for nitpicking.Your bad luck.NoneWhat novels?Like non-fiction non-novels. I don't think there are non-fiction novels.Self help, science based, controvertial...Yup yup yup... 48 laws of powerHow can a kiss push faces together?I know but I like that oneYou screwed up... *shakes head*That's very generalized... 

i'm being argumentative on purpose... we're not complete a**holes lol.Yup studied at one point and fully dismiss it... happy cake dayThe amount of times I've ruined things with logic 😅Yeppp way easier.Infjs are definitely ambitious...More like puzzles?Sometimes the things my mom tells me I used to say as a 5 year old amazs me. I was born knowing how to debunk myths lol.The quote is to pause and reflect not deny. Giving anything thought is not the problem, not giving things thought is often the bigger offense.

"You're not entitled to you opinion, you're entitled to you informed opinion, no one is entitled to ignorance" -- That personwell people will be impressed if Santa clause showed up, doesn't make it happen.After 5 days if you still talked, if you were right they'd have respect for you and change their opinion, might even admit.Well the point being is getting impressed by something that for someone doesn't come naturally isn't very realistic even if possible. The idealization of people is not the acceptance of people.hey I'm not serious... just keeping in tone with the discussion. Also how's the weather is one of those questions where there's a certain expectation of an answer which trips you up and probably they didn't even give weather much thought. but I appreciate the point of view :PTe is efficient... I think Ni is ambition to put it very generally and Since Fe is cordial, from the outside it looks less ambitious. I've met two definite INFJs and I can almost physically sense the underlying competitiveness and ambition.Imagine if you could be happy with perfacto, you could then procrastinate and relax... (i know, i know, just wanted to say this anyway)Not bad!Points is the easier you have in life the lesser opportunities you get to grow into someone much more fabulous. The best people usually are the outcome of pretty shitty circumstances.Got roasted by a bot? Smart for INTP...Depends om the scenario. I know I can be pretty cold and ruthless when time calls for it and don't have a problem looking that way although there's a strong reason behind it and technically the ending is good for the involved. I'd say ESTJs and ENTJs can do that worse but they'll look better doing it. Overall TJs on the outside probably TPs on the inside.In the workplace, only problem I have with most of them is if you don't bow down to them if they deem that it must be, they'd go all the way to ruin things for you im the worst way. I mean fight me, don't go after my career... same goes for some ISTJs... only ppl I actually want to make pay but also kinda have my admiration for being so hardworking and by the book and ofcourse efficient. They're just as hard on themselves still have wanted to kill them at times during their useless powerplays and petty, pointless arguments. (It's a biased opinion ofcourse)

Outside of work... love them!Yeah then people wouldn't habe realised how much thought went into it and also to you know establish dominance lolAlso INTPs actually understand the shit while INTJs know where the shit goes.The equations don't even equate... somehow the ENFP = -ENTP and further substitution gives ENFP = -ENFP -INTJ =&gt; ENFP = -ENFP - (INFJ -ENFP) =&gt; ENFP = -INFJ which means INFJ = ENTP

Eventually you can conclude that 

ENFP = -0.5INTJ wait what?

Why'd you torture ppl with this?Thoughts after observing, but those thoughts are more like musings when bored... deeep feeling after interaction if they don't end up making me lose interest which is rare enough so really deep feelings if there's something I want to explore more of. Rare but pretty intense.Collective is smarter than the individual? Use it to your ammunition... let the extroverts blabber, listen because it's stronger and then communicate a little bit and now you're more knowledgeable for future.Do you want to call it the ISTJ?Nice fragrances are great, cheap ones are sensory overload.Erm never got itchy skin because of the fragrances or asthma, do have migraines but never because of that, remember how I mentioned not cheap fragrances. And good light sents barely bother the public, I'd rather ppl don't stink!They should have unsented stuff but scents are soothing as well... even calming if done right!.I don't know why but this is beautiful lol.Ermmm... Can attest that get angry two to three times a year... actually madly angry very few times in life (wasn't pretty)

Irritated- sometimes but dismiss it...5w6 RavenclawRelate to Te the most lolAgree... i'd love being a double agent but ofcourse inside both sides would reconcile into a perfect picture for which the double agent is being played.having to depend on anyone... getting stuck in a rut in life/ never living up to potential and regrets when I die because have nothing to look back at and realize that life just passed me by.you think they're a 6?I'd rather I'm the master of NiTe!I don't believe in it I just use it when needed and seems to produce good results.That guy is not an INTJ... trust me we wouldn't be adding those visuals to say the least... plus the house is a mess!Yes as far as I've seen.I wouldn't say... the higher up the function is the more concerned about it you are and being good at it. Js would beat themselves about achieving goals more and Ts would care a lot about logic and F's about empathy going by your terms.

Granted could be related to skill i.e. Te doms taking being good at organizing for granted and being mad if others aren't that good, Ni good at predicting etc etc etc

But I think I kind of stepped on your point again there!Good music is an excellent entertainment for ppl and makes them feel so much at ease, calms ppl in a way.Not us... ppl don't even realise when I'm flirting...!Ah another wisdom cookie from a Ti aux... nice one!It's more complicated than that. From afar I wouldn't be surprised if 99% of the ppl don't like us and Se doms tend not to originally because well we on the outside appear to be arrogant, aloof, serious, stuck up, boring, rude and too rule following etc etc etc but once, well ESTPs spend a little time around us they don't hate us that much anymore. Also they tend to change their opinion on a moments' notice unless of course you found a way to gain their respect, that lasts!shallow dick?Weirdly it is correct for me.I was talking to the ESTP lol... but didn't get it right.A lot of contacts... but notification turned off for almost everything and hardly any that I contact.Fe - doormat

Fi - self absorbed

Te - stuck up and cold

Ni- delusionalCan tell for myself, the rest is for you to deduce

Immaturity: when I get very good at something and forget how long it took and kind of feel condescending or when I get defensive/sulky when I lose.

Selfishness: at rare times, if push comes to shove and I want something and you're the problem I can be pretty heartless... problem is I usually have a very good rationalization so there's also 0 guilt.demon Fi stings lol.how many walls did you bump into today?You know maybe you can have that written into your will i.e. donate your body to science and make that request. Also you know have it artistically carved etc. They owe you that much.But that is so true... Like they have so much emotional depth, and always a ton of female friends, seriously as a female I can say you guys have way too many emotions and they can empathize so well when they're not being moody and they're flaky and champions of unrecruited love because as soon as it becomes requited they just get disappointed.INTJ but my first reaction to anything that others say is impossible is rigorously finding a solution and funny part is most of the time I find one. Of course I don't waste my brain power trying to make color changing unicorn clones that can talk and fart glitter.

Don't believe in impossible, just irrelevant, improbable at the moment or strategically bad.such potential and such a waste.Keep your fingers crossed, I've heard the rumors are true lol.You know stating that to that INTJ won't kill you. Sometimes it's okay to say things and not worry about what others will think!Honestly it's a switch, have written cringe poems which I utterly despise and same with my diary but no matter how emotional I get there's a very cold, heartless rational part of me.

If it's something big, I have time and I need to cry, I'd cry because I read somewhere tears are stress releasers and I'd write and I might be a mess. 

But I can also just be harsh with myself and turn it off...whatever happens happens and I tell myself to suck it up.

And 80 percent of the time I don't feel at all so I'm not sure if this is accurate.

I'd just say when we do get emotional we are a mess because we didn't learn to deal with it.yup my bad, fixed!ISTJs are extremely overprotective from what I've seen. I think it's Ne inferior's fears. Fe does are more smothering than protective.You probably are a thinker!

See how much you relate to Fi, INTPs have it on 8th slot, INFPs first, that maybe your clue. Also since I can relate to you to some extent maybe consider IXTJ types as well.yup expected exactly this response lol :DYup we're pretty delusional and often right but unless you learn to say it in a way they get it, might as well never have thought of it.I'm aware, just don't like them very much... usually slow me down.If only I could be the overachieving queen *sighs*No.I'd guess an ISTP

Extroverts would die first because of being extroverts.

IXFPs would probably get bored of the survival game and give in

IXFJs would sacrifice themselves for a friend or something

ISTJs would be really hard to kill because expertise but any Ne user might throw them off course plus they're comfort starved. They also might be able to make it all the way though.

INTPs probably would get bored after they figured out how to survive and kill everyone, might not bother doing it.

INTJs would have a plan and everything but reality might trump us i.e. an unexpected arrow etc.INXJs aleady looked through your plan... know how to avoid it. Your bossiness will irritate the ENTPs that might just take you out in a blast or something. You may also rile one of the human rights warriors who looked through deception and thinks you're using ppl... i.e. one of the four FPs.I suspect atleast the 4 IXTX would go into hiding and wait it out. So there would be one person out there and you'd atleast need to deal with 4.No... I'd assume ISTPs might, I think in a survival game we'd probably predict what other ppl are planning on and at best just look at clues instead of being impatient. Also having all the time to think and plan and engineer a way to automate basic resources... what impatience?

and set up anonymous traps everywhereIt doesn't matter even if you are smart enough and patient, anyone with superior sensory skills will either find you or trip you up somehow. Executing more isn't necessarily offense... could also be defense i.e. better survival resources.I know and I don't like the idea of particularly losing even if I have to pull shit up and neither do I want to say we'd win. Plus I'm not sure who'd lose patience either, too many variables... ask anyone and they'd say they'd survive because everyone thinks they're the smartest and patient, doesn't make it true...!No home in a survival game... might as well experiment with things.Lol...Try false memory... remembering things vividly as they're not and being sure of it...Love this! So want to share that useless fact lol.You're missing the lack of moral motivation.Seriously if I didn't get depression fatigue, I'd never sleep... hated sleep when young... thought it was a waste of time.Yes the difference is that they prefer Te most of the time.Isn't that deja vu?Everyone is moronic at something...ThisSame reason INFJs and ENXPs do.If someone came and told me "wow she's a cold hearted bitch" (most Fs behind your back ofcourse) I'd sure get offended but I wouldn't probably wonder why F's punch down on me... I'd simply assume ppl's perspectives are different and I can be insensitive on the outside.

Idiotic INTs who think F types are illogical are synonymous. They say it because on surface F do sound unreasonable at times simply because they're considering morals or other people's feelings a lot more thoroughly and sacrifice logic for it. But the point is, it's their loss because they never get to find the sensible, creative logic various F types have.

Point being, punching down is what life does, instead of asking why? Because ppl are ppl, they assume they're better! Instead simply do your thing, be your person and be so awsome that they have to eat their own words.I don't know could be because we get a lot of shit for not being good with ppl or emotions and we pride ourselves on our brains so when we encounter any type bringing in emotions into a conversation we assume we're doing great at, we probably feel attacked. INTPs might even take offense about anyone taking anything personally or with emotion i.e. Ti dom, Fi demon and INTJs have Fe PolR so we've already gotten enough shit about being nice so if we have to walk on egg shells for a convo... well, it builds up into a resentment. Also sometimes it's purely lack of social skills.
 
Both types tend to not like involving personal opinions or views into analysis and INFPs are well anything if not passionate about their opinions.And we make sure everyone knows that we chose to stay home apparently. We don't like bothering to come but we still want you to talk about us.It's a good way to measure problem solving, mental agility, observation or sharpness etc. maybe, depending on the kind of test but intelligence spans beyond that. It takes genius to surpass everyone else in any field be it football or literature and science and IQ tests rarely measure skills needed to do that.

Also EQ is a pretty useful thing to have and IQ braggers somehow seem to lack it. Having a skill or mental prowess in one domain is not a mark that you're "genius", it's just an indicator of your prowess in that domain.Yep this.I usually would go with STPs but if we have all NTs working together I think we might end up in a tie, if executed well amd we want to win, we might even win.

Also we all know ESTPs are goimg to drive ESTJs crazy so that's one thing.Rare occassions I see.We again that's lacking empathy. I'd say the things you're describing as emotions are pride, a sense of suprmecy and anger at best there's no respect, sorrow, fear or pain.
But essentially lackimg empathy i.e. when I kill them I'm wiping away and existence, relations to it, dreams of it and if that happened to me? Even if I want this, would they? If I think they want it, do I really know them that well? Am i projecting?Only if they look flawless, classy, tasteful and it's something phenomenal. It must be refined and grand in a way.Not sure why you're downvoted, it's a valid point.I think it's an innate Fi Fe conflict... Fe percieves, the innate Fi's living as their own person, a special snow flale problem because to them conformity is and should be the norm.Well, I'd concede here and correlating one ability and to another is not okay but "intellect" as you'd say remains an ability, a mental one. I'd though also argue this that ascribing IQ to intelligence might be okay if everyone is well aware of what that intelligence is and not assume it to be a fad.

I'll take mensa level geniuses as geniuses and we'll assume the top 2% ppl having that iq score are geniuses. Now consider if the 98% started feeling that it was an unfair advantage, or they were somehow inferior, or got defensive or insecure on this one ability assuming it's everything (mind you IQ does have that kind of effect on ppl), anyone with a tiny bit of intellect understands that that is never beneficial for anyone.

Success matter and for success ppl matter, lone geniuses do some amazing work but the society moves because of the collective and that collective requires empathy, people skills, physical skill.

In short sure I'd say IQ measures mental ability but mental ability is not all there is which ppl assume often and definitely is not your fault or makes the facts wrongs.Not always... you discount the impact race, gender and sheer luck has in life. I've a 140+ IQ which most systems would call genius but if I could say anything matters it's persistence or hardwork or sheer will power and not IQ.

IQ might help in certain things but that's it.We "can" understand but sometimes we don't bother with it... see what happened there?Naah it's not that hard, just be in our really inner circle (5 years) and then insult our competence or skill or brain prowess and somehow make it feel genuine... you have a pretty hurt INTJ with quiet rage and determinition and crying secretly in a dark room.Sadly that can happen... we might not cry over murder but if you tear our favourite book and insult our taste etc well here comes the moody arrogance.Or do if you want to hurt them but as long as it isn't genuine... no it still hurts!While the train is right behind you... also things that excite STPs aparentlyI like this.I bet ENTJ dad is all about how to get better and suck it up.Yup I'd be sure to work on adding intuition first.nerd as opposed to ENTP jocks?wholesome :)Hey! You're right about professional but I take time to read on fashion enough to not be boring, I'd prefer arrogant and cold to boring if you will! Don't discount the toddler Se that wants to look good.Not necessarily, impressions last, style matters, I'd call myself minimalist but refined! Usually get a couple sets of colors and styles that look great then mix and match! Yes it takes a little bit more effort since I've started but it pays off!IXFJs apparently have Fi critic which means they tend to somehow doubt their own goodness. Se inferior means quick sensory over stimulation and burnout when depressed it becomes even worse.

Ni needs a goal to get back in the game when the goal is lost or it's hopeless, INXJs can't look forward to any future they'd aspire to... it's really harsh. We are ambitious, very much so, INFJs tend to not show it but they are so there has to be something to aspire.

I'm not an INFJ but have had one close friend who was and yes alone time helps also probably making her feel like she's well liked by a group i.e. letting her be in charge of I don't know hosting something for friends or just being a part of a happy group might help the Fe. I used to let her know that I liked her however she was in my quiet, calm way and just used to be there and never judged on any dark thought which helped I think.

What helps me is retreating, at times long baths, aromas, self help books, but mostly exercise or any sense of some accomplishment (best one) and I do need a few days away from people to sort out my shit. INFJs might need a little less time because Fe. Hope that helps.Nerd, nerdshaming other nerds... must be hard living on constant self sabotaging defensive humor. :DThere's no joke in the thread and yes this thread apparently did happen.HurtsYes on certain things. I wouldn't say I'm overall smarter than anyone.Use Si to predict instead. This is how it happens, so if I change these variables, this is how it might happen and nust write it down somewhere even if it sound stupid. Check if the prediction was right for future analysis.

Also if the idea is to just know what you want, find what you like (not what your friends think you like) and do that, eventually you'd be able to decide how you want your future to look like and won't need to predict. Hope that helps.Hmm you can find excercises you enjoy... try doimg something 5 days in a row... power of habit is a wonderful book and habit is indeed very powerful, once you start you motivation is not the end goal but the process itself and Si is very good at habit. 

Always have found my STJ friends to be far more regular at excercises.

Also for you it might help to go for group yoga, pilates classes for motivation and bonding experience.

I'm an Ni dom and sometimes I can't excercise regularly because it takes discipline more than anything to do anything right and it's not till that date, discipline is a life long journey and commitment and you'll be happy if you have it.Erm... Se dom would do this even better you know. An Ni dom would've changed lanes way ahead of time anticipating that the next exit is in a certain direction. I.e. I hate being in the slow lane but if there's traffic and it seems like it'll be hard to shift lanes later, I'd change to the right one about a 2 mi early.

And OP doesn't need to be INTJ, just needs there own wat of mimicking the functionality of Ni.Lol I was really mortified by that description, thankyou!Naah only ppl that we let in can hurt us all others are white noise basically.I'll keep that in mind next time I want to offend one of you.imagine not knowing enough about yourself to really realize the impact on your ego and then taking cover of humor and sarcasm as a defense mechanism.Lol just a joke...I wish I was the mastermind INTJs are portrayed to be, the puppet master or my favorite; the trail blazer.Don't always win the long game even if it was well planned.Could go on forever with welltimed outside walks... seeing ppl is enough interaction at times.Either curious than you have NTPs or must be altruistic... I can only see myself doing it as a side volunteer work which I do from time to time and that too is in a way for self gratification.

I think IXFJs and IXFPs would be more inclined to do this sort of work.Stop picking on the person... it's almost imposdible to self critic enough to admit you're a different type and sometimes immaturely we might end up behaving like ENTPs... correcting one persons type doesn't really solve world hunger if anything makes ppl defensive... suggest and then leave that's all we can do.I don't have to... you'll change it yourself in the next 5 minutes... why waste effort.I read somewhere that people who learn to accept uncertainity and thrive in it are the only successful ones.

Also, I do want to be an enterpreneur in future but it's very hard for me to give up on things that seem like failure i.e. giving up on learning in a formal setting.Everything is hard... the more you think it's hard the harder it becomes... trick your brainEvery type has an inferior and a dominant function. This is a joke as to how dominant function surpasses the inferior.

IXFPs  Fi dom and Te inf --- EXTJs are opposite

INXJs Ni dom and Se inf --- ESXPs are opposite

IXTPs Ti dom and Fe inf --- EXFJs are opposite

ISXJs Si dom and Ne inf --- ENXPs are oppositeyepjust have a few vague routes that I plan on moving towards... Mostly it's just being keenly aware when an opportunity in those routes arises. I have a dream but I wouldn't say it's the same it was a few years back or it's carved in stone and I have ambitions but it's useless to plan way too far ahead in detail if you can't control all the variables.Could be me... although I might be willing to cross a narrow road in certain circumstances but won't prefer. Probably not a righteous complex, it's just simpler to not have to worry about the consequences with familiar methods, reduces uncertainty or having to remember things you did wrong and when you did them.leg injury?Actually get out fairly often on lone walks.... only stay inside for long when very depressed even then try to go out for walks etc.Erm it was the most relevant response... neither my personal opinion nor an advocacy of the stuff so not sure how to take your response.yes...I think the visions are meant to be made reality of and we even try it just doesn't live uptown expectations and there are too many variables to control.I know how things work and the best way to run things

and then: sometimes people just don't do things right or something?ISTJ, they are polite, look distant and are down to earth.I read a few and I'm sure I can partly agree with a few... would take more time to go through all of them though.That makes sense... makes me wonder if ours should be... I have great visions and plans but the little details always get in the way.And apparently from the downvotes we don"t like to project that we can be unsure.It's the easiest state to be in honestly... being condescending/above it all and not having to go deeper is legit refreshing... not very healthy though.Mistype lolBut but I like the critical one... this one is scaring me.Always wanted to dominate an ENTJ, there's just something about it.Haha i'm not supposed to be and  I still am... if you're fucked you're fucked... type doesn't helpProbably dario nardi's work is only one close to scientific... if you could do brain scans of test subjects while they are in specific function states and devise tasks that specifically correlate with those functions... isolating every other variable you might be able to prove it.Probably wear a suit and talk business connections while multitasking.

But in all seriousness, they do seem to have a very weird inner sensitivity... not refined/sophisticated like ours though.Who are*Ni

Not good but mostly don't remember much at all.My memory about the sequence of events or specific details sucks... I remember in random images only. Not done actively, just how it is. Although I score above average on memory games so is weird.Nope... just bad memory... high functioning in every other way.

And I guess it always has been the case but since I hardly remember much not sure how sure I can be.Lol but that's something I'd do exactly... if there's something significant to me and solution doesn't exist I'd definitely find one.

Can't argue that a lot of other types might as well so...No I didn't say I'd succeed but I'd definitely dedicate my life to it because otherwise I die... 99% of the ppl that try fail but you never know if you don't try. It's not that he found a solution that I relate to... it's the part where he just stubbornly dedicated himself to finding one. Most media is clickbait anyway.funny thing about the leaning towards each letter is that the person that has that tendency assumes that's the right tendency unless of course they've been subjected to intuitive superiority bias which doesn't happen much in real life as it's better to be realistic and to the point than just delve into useless philosophical discussions. My mom is an ISFJ and she actually doesn't like delving into to obscure discussion as to her there's no point to it and she gets irritated. Ofcourse she never heard that intuitive is the superior gene. With a family of sensors I was the abnormal one and made fun of because too philosophical etc, life doesn't work that way and in a way they were right. Point being to sensors sensor shit is more realistic and most intuitive shit is wishy washy stuff whereas to intuitives sensor shit is basic and intuitive shit is genius. Both use both but definitely prefer one over the other. Both are stupid and smart in their own way.

Also if you're an INT and on reddit your head does get inflated but that's more of a community problem rather than the problem with tests.

Oh and smart isn't what smart is born with but what smart does... easy to say, hard to follow, sometimes takes a lifetime, sensors have it easy because they're often more grounded than our geniuses here.Your own experiences/media?erm that was harsh.Lol why'd I cry because of a dim witted moron...Yes but more useful than nothing at all...Intj one hurts but I guess is true... we don't have many fans I guess.Maybe it is but everyone thinks they have it hard so it should also be expected.Well I always say listen to everyone but don't follow anyone blindly... subjective opinions are subjective opinions but they often will have information... how you use that information is upto you... you want to disregard info, be my guest... you want to follow it as the ultimate truth, again be my guest... but not thinking for yourself is not subjectivity's problem, it's yours.

Mbti isn't an absolute truth, it's a theory, everything related to it is a hypothesis... either you run methodogical tests to get objective answers or you find out your own opinion based on tons of subjective information which would be probably wrong but atleast that's based on some information and doesn't just cry about no information.Yeah that one's pretty nice.For ESTPs it's Fi PoLR, they don't even like to admit they have feelings ut's very out of their comfort zone.Anyone forming opinions off of any posts here shouldn't be taken seriously... anyone condemning those posts is wasting their time... wouldn't stop the memes or change perceptions!Well you probably are anti social and ppl don't need excuse to treat you as sub human, they do what they do... set goals, achieve them and the rest will follow path.We're arrogant jerks... pretty selfish at that and there's nothing hidden beneath the shell, the shell is the reality.Not mainstream just useful and efficient. Te would take a generalized 70% compared to a specific 100% accurate result. And yes accurate is always better but not always useful.You're right and honestly Fi is crucial but showing feelings doesn't come easy nor is it comfortable unless one is extremely developed and feels secure remaining in the Fi state. The easiest way to show Fi is silent acts of service and somehow ppl expect expression which gets uncomfortable and we're back to arrogant jerks.Masterminds who get shit done... why not... it's just the stereotype that's very mysterious and attractive. People that know us aren't infatuated.That's a nice way to put things and very true.Happens with close ppl and sounds very mature...With grammatical errors... you can still argue.I expected worse...Isn't that old...Sure...Ok...She is definitely not an INTJ.House is hard to type... doesn't seem INTJ but he's also not healthy at all i.e. living with constant pain makes you kind of give up on the pretenses which makes uo a lot of the intj.YepEveryone who feels misunderstood will so add all introverts and intuitives and also ESTXs

Probably just ESFX won't feel it because they're trying so hard to understand everyone and live in the moment etc.Naah it's just the Te doms...

We don't reveal our plansThat's what loneliness is... not being able to relate... feeling you're misunderstood.Don't... zodiac signs are based on your birthdate and the movement of stars whereas cognitive functions are ways you process information. Even if you find a correlation it'll not prove anything worthwhile.Yeah I guess you're right but I meant misunderstood on a personal level. But I still would say that almost everyone in one way or another feels this specially introverts. I thought only I did but we live so much in our heads that we start thinking we're unique when it's just that, a usual occurance.Well if we found a way to figure out the fake ones that'd really help the community... so many posts about it and we could do with better tests too.55 so a matcher as I suspected.Don't go with stereotypes... study functions and also look at the closest types INTPs, ENTJs, ISTJs and even INFXs and see who and what you relate to most... be very honest with yourself and always try to look at what yoh do, not what you think you do.Wait why?ENTJs don't do it though... they'll not submit anything with their name alone... they'd first prove that it's Ps fault, make them retract their names and then submit.Offer a plan and then negotiate, don't give in... usually in group work you need to make compromises one way or another and it ends up well.Being misunderstood on a fundamental level not misunderstanding what you're saying on a superficial level but technically you're right.As I said semantically and technically you're right... being understood inherently leads to acceptance and when we're accepted we're not lonely.Never heard it like that... it's good to see the perspective of the otherside. I love the way you describe it. Atleast you don't worship Ni!

What do you think of INXJs yoy've met i.e. specific flaws, things that bug you?Work excuse is rare and always an excuse... I usually try not to mention work even if I'm swamped 24/7 so when I need to make an excuse it seems valid.Had an INFJ friend once... God they're good and bring a very different perspective to ppl analysis.1. D

2. B but a little more acrive when there's need.None but depends what you're rating them on but I'll state some I really admire.

Smartest INTP

Productive ENTJ

Street smarts ESTP

Pragmatic ISTX2. A yes but a bit more passively. I.e. on surface it's more B and inside more A.Yeah but ppl idealize a few and then assume they have those... honesty with the self is missing.As long as it works....Technically EXTPs and IXTJs, i.e. feeling function at 3rd slots.Tsundere...Not really... Ni is more about connecting all the dots into one big visual it's not just assuming things out of the blue or taking hocus pocus seriously. 

Usually ppl who take hocus pocus seriously are high on Ne and low on Ti.

How the hunches work is not prophecies, usually you've been taking data in for a while i.e. say I'm researching why a certain system is behaving a certain way... I read this and that and observe this and that and at one point in time it just all connects i.e. the pieces fit into this bog puzzle that was just pieces before and now is a picture. Then to further make sense of it, it's broken down into simpler steps in order to explain why the pieces fit together that's where Te and Ti come in.If you take every other function out I'd say it's a big web of interconnected dots... you zoom out there's this large spider web but then you can zoom in on this one dot and there a spider web within.

Reading inbetween lines.

Diving deep into a tunnel to get to the other side.

Putting the final piece of puzzle.

Usually how it works for me is always looking to see how everything comes together. If Si is bottom up, Ni is top down in a hierarchical chart.Need: trust, loyalty, independence, intelligence, guts, ambition.

Want: someone like me but more extraverted maybe

Give: dedication, intelligence, loyalty, guts, ambition, independece, trust, support, quiet rock at the back.Lamp is insignificantYour smiley shows how wrong the post is.Libra and INTJ... and not correlation that's just randomness lending you some coincidence.

Point being I do sometimes have the diplomacity of Libra but it's more about what you will yourself to be rather than because jupiter was in conjunction with Mars.Leo rising, libra sun and sag moon... i should be a raging extrovert no?

I'm giving my informed opinion after study that it's pure shit.They should be... it'll make editing your future meme's easier.I'm pretty dry inside out so not sure if there are two if there are both are introverted, sarcastic, dark and well the outside one is a bit more refined and diplomatic and fake smiles.

Oh and the inner one definitely would do a lot of damage if it ever got out like punch ppl, play pranks and laugh mercilessly. It's demonic... I think I like my normal type.I think it's more about what you're saying is idiotic because of lack of research not that you're an idiot.Always appear by the book, honest, straightforward and neat system follower so when you need to cut corners, no one suspects...I was actually saying that in favor not against.Lamp is insignificant, I don't share insignificant things, here I broke it :DYou mean chess go etc for grand strategy?Case of inferior effing Se... lolI'm sorry but the lamp does not existJust do the theory okay... bits and pieces and then hand it over... we'd be so eternally grateful.Anyone who doesn't know how to put up a face because I do. Too loud, too honest, too buddy buddy types are not welcome... too much stress of the buckets in my head mixing.Knew there was something grand about me lolIf you want unicorn and fairies.Lol always worry about the same but I also get the tendency for arrogance and insecurity at the same time.Weird someone would want to be us really. If I could choose I'd be an ISTJ (so smart yet blissfully normal) or EXTJ (do shit) or even IXTP (atleast they're smart). INTJ sounds like a disastor... high aspirations, hated by most ppl, unaware and stubborn and often unsure of the worth of an idea since Ni is not exactly sequential.Well lucky for me I fall down on my face everytime I get even slightly in over my head... has kept me rather humble... not that it doesn't hurt.Just that dreaming doesn't change the reality lol.Well INTPs are actually brilliant i.e. critical thinking, original theories and knowing how accurate those theories are without needing outsode input... sounds awesome.Yeah it does. Ti sounds pretty good thing to have and not in the critical critical th slot.What can I say... we all have our craziesSaves the princess from the knight lol... guiltyWe think we're immuneMore INFJ with blind Te or ENFP in INFJ mode... don't get me wrong... i like conspiracies and I might want answers from God but half of it is bullshit.Any tips on being proud of yourself actually? I'm not sure how effective Ti critic 6th role is but I definitely tend to do more, be more and feel like my type of intelligence isn't worthy enough.Want to see ESTP and ENTP in one... i.e. ENTP being severly beaten and ESTP being severely insulted... should help both their egos.Not an intellectual battle but deginitely won a strategic one with an ENTJ... it was fun.Actually have most things defined as strength but not to an extreme so end up being worse than a lot of ppl. Interpersonal skills, higher energy to deal with ppl and Ti would be nice.One characteristic of inf Se is that when you're really really stressed, you crazy binge on something or have weird cravings. There's also a longing for aesthetics...Need to binge eat, binge watching and getting a migraine lol because nothing satisfies the senses.

But it's easy to placate yes.As long as I can get it... don't care if it's hard to get it.Used to do this with sick leaves as well in school. Always did stuff while I was sick but if needed to make up excuses had detailed explanations with changed dates.If we admitted we felt that way that would generate a painful contradiction.Doesn't it make it harder in the long run... beating around the bush... the guy could've been working a new job months before and might even be happy in it.Naah it says practice... more of an Si thing, ENTJs are pros at this already.Hated vacations since I was young, unless of course they're planned vacations. Actually get frightened by prolonged family gatherings.this... Ni-Fi in crushes is a cringeworthy disaster.What happens to ENTJs when they're drunk?Lol I figured... something about triggering the child function I guess... Fi vs Se.

Someone predicted I'd be a crying mess if I was drunk. So far have to find out but interesting, that should make IXFJs and EXFPs pretty cold drunks.That's ENTPs... using humor as self defense and to avoid feelings... We probably would freeze or go into "technically it's not necessarily love that we feel blah blah blah"

...and then 5 days later apologoze and tell you thanks and probably propose when you forget you said that months down the line

It's pretty pathetic actually.Lol I know would be awful...Don't care about money as any kind of end goal but realize that money matters and is a means to an end. As much money as my end goal requires, that much I care for.Socionics quadrasMy own side... both sides depending on the goal.this is so funny and really interesting to read. I sacrifice the present moment so much and then when it gets hard it feels like I'll never be able to just live it. If someone offered me a great weekend vs an opportunity in the distant future I'd take that opportunity as a card that I can use later but also sometimes when it gets really bad I just live too in the moment and it's constant guilt.Hey it's not always our fault... :owe could be...do it in a pattern won't you:

nice, niec, neic, neci, ncie, neci,

ince, inec, ince, icen, ienc, iecn,

cnie, cnei, cine, cien, ceni, ceni,

enic, enci, einc, eicn, ecin, ecniSomethings that you might relate to in everyday setting that is most likely Ni would be predicting what the next person wants to say or the context behind their words... Ni wants to see dots connected in one big picture and see how things come together.

Usually they are the people who seem to know a lot about you... specifically an INFJ seems to read people so well... can see right through you.Feeling incompetent.I just dreaded how long the thread could go with missing info.Either of the four XXTPs... that little Fe is unfortunate but caring.I feel like the gap is closing somehow. Still more feeler females and male thinkers but I've now met sufficient male feelers and female thinkers to think either is too rare.

Female thinkers though tend to be more "nice" and male feelers tend to be more "rigid" but underneath it's pretty mich the same.Hmm set all my affairs in order, see if there are any loose ends to tie, who to give finances, what self sustaining systems need management at times and who to delegate. After that's done, see if I have somethings left that I wanted to do and if there's time. Finally make sure everyone I care about doesn't take it very hard by telling them everything is taken care of. Leaving enough pointers for ppl that might depend on me.

When all is said and done... wait on a cliff on the last day watching the sun dawn, write some thoughts in a diary maybe someone someday will find and when the time is right go with the waterfall.There are usually less feeler men simply because evolution... till recently men were supposed to take care of the pragmatic stuff and females were nurturers... at some point mutation cause feelers and now genetics is adopting that because it's crucial to survival. It's something similar to more sensors than intuitives because we needed sustainence more than innovation when it came to our ancestors.Say you advocate that all cats are living beings and should live and there's this apocalyse thing going on and aliens want either all cats or you and they mean to kill the cats.

Fi has the potential to advocate for cat rights, might sacrifice themselves for the cats because morality.

Te wouldn't blink before giving cats and a few of you if need be

Fe would go along the majority and the common good... if humans are losing humanity by killing cats though, NFJs might go with the cats.

Ti probably has the most sensible solution, totally based on best outcome.. they might come up with the perfect number of cats and humans to sacrifice and the timeline.People who can let go and live in the moment... roll with the punches and be spontaneous... easy grace and charm.First thing that came to my mind... note that i'm sleep deprived lol.Like coffee... drink it very very often in certain weeks and then forget entirely and don't at all. Never understood addiction really, I can totally let go.

It wakes me up and helps me work true but black tea would probably do the trick or sometimes just getting out... it's kore of a distraction I need to work than the caffeineAsk her, would probably be honest about it. Also give ger room to think about it and answer.Honestly it's uncomfortable to both be put on a pedestal and put on a trial. It's probably also an effort to dissuade ppl from wanting to be something they might not be. Descriptions of INTJ are really over rated. Go to the sub and you'll see a lot of it is just cringeworthy and that's not a good image to have.

I can also imagine how it might be for INFJs.

One overlooked point is also that they look great on mbti communities and forums but don't translate that well into the real world so it's just kind of irritating to see the mismatch and the hype. Also imagine seeing your weaknesses thrown right at you all the time by seeing other ppl claiming to be the same type and you cringe at yourself because you can see the flaws you have so clearly... that's harsh. We're not the most liked bunch either.

Don't get me wrong I'd rather be the type that I am but God do I wish I had less flaws.Recently have seen some socially graceful INTJs so don't know about that... I'd say it can be willed into being but I sure am not there yet so yeah.But it's ok... lolESTJs and ENTJs are a little harder to distinguish but here's how you spot differences in Ni and Si in ISTJs and INTJs

Both are quiet but when an ISTJ says things they'll be very reality focussed i.e. when they share an experience it would include dates, small irrelevant specificities etc... when they're working on a project they'll be very concerned about specific rules and respect the way it's supposed to be done, they can be prone to nitpicking. If you start talking philosophy you can almost watch them get irritated.

When an INTJ says things they're usually the central idea focussed. When they share an experience they'd basically give you the moral of the story or very often say sometjing like "the point is" because to Ni it's important the things unify into a whole. They are prone to overlook details and are often interested in philosophy. You could see them get impatient if you're going into too much detail.Not sure... I know of atleast 3 INTJs and I'm pretty sure they know of me... all of them are aloof ppl that are really hard to get close to including me but the few times I have hung out with them, have had simple silent respect and understanding with them... and that's it.So do ESTJ, ENFJ and ENFP. I'm willing to trade my spot to ESFP because they seem a better fit or to ESTJ so they can scold sense into everyone.I seriously have trouble seeing how the bread can fight off a melon... ENTJ is going to get severly hurt if that hits him.Anything.Shit, poor thing!He might grow a thick skin though... would help him in future.depends of how many heartbeats you have in a second \* 10\^43 plank seconds. Must be because you have inferior Fe.What exactly do you think she expects from you and doesn't do?

Also are there things that you expect from her and don't do and doesn't she do things for you that you don't?

From someone who is very good at cutting ppl off, I do it because I absolutely see no future to whatever relationship it is, I feel we're on different frequencies but I try to be kind about it and try my best not to hurt the other person. I wonder why do you even bother calling her if it's not working out, why not just let go? As for limited number of ppl to talk to, just go out to a coffee shop or join a club with your preferred hobby and you'll meet ppl.ISTPs can be an excellent counsil for ESTJs.ENTPs get on my nerves after prolonged contact... I'm sure I bring them down after a while too... way too much intuition goes on in he interaction.They won't but once you get to know an ISTP you start realising just how smart Ti can be and Te can benefit a lot from the present minded (Se) critical thinking (Ti) that and ISTP can offer. ESTJs are great at organization, management and basically getting shit done but ISTPs bring depth, aesthetics and marketability into the equation.No because good plays by the rules... Good is most likely SJ.Often right and wrong are not as simple as we like to believe. Sure being wronged does not give you a right to do wrong but often in life good ppl are the ones that have never had the opportunity to do bad things and time and time again i've seen that the most righteous tend to do the worst.

Villains make more srnse because they understand their own darkness and atleast have tried to live with it, maybe even fight it... they are not hypocritical... of ourse that does not allow you to harm anyone else because then you're merely projecting and being defensive... heroes usually stand on their high horse not because they never made a mistake but because they obeyed a system that taught them everything they know and if they were under another system they'd have done the same.

That's why the prison experiment is so interesting. Don't be the villain but atleast get off your high horse and realise you'd not be worth shit under different circumstamces.It does send me into guilt tripping though...Or they could just be immature...Why does Nietzsche sound like an asshole here?No i'm actually listening to one of his books "Thus spoke Zarathustra" and I get him but from these discriptions he does sound like that.wait... did you answer your question?I suspect they mean social as in instinctual variant in enneagrams.Naah I'd say N is an INTJ or so is argued.Not INTJ either...So basically ENTJs.Now... INTJs...! someone just like me...! A decent human being, with goals and ambitions... who's love language is acts of service, who doesn't need to say much but does things, things that make life easier... who's kind in a quiet way and underneath the eyes you can see the quiet intensity...

Who knows about loyalty and how to stand up to you for you. Someone real, straightforward and honest even if it hurts in the moment.Ne can see possibilities to a certain action or thought... a wide array of different perspectives...

Ni can visualise the end result or insight to a thought, action or perspective.

I.e. you're driving on a road and there's a block... Ne can see driving in the woods, through the waterstream, through the walking path maybe a lot of more ways to get past the obstacle... Ni can predict or have insight how you'd end up down that certain path.

Based on most notions of description on the web rather than personal experience.Not sure really... but at times could be true.

Thinking of Ne doms, yes they tend to be fairly optimistic on surface and Ni doms appear to be pessimistic but I wouldn't just generaluze that simply.Had an ENTJ working under an ENTP. The ENTJ seemed so stressed and got so frustrated because everytime an idea was mentioned, the ENTJ would start thinking of how to use it and the ENTP would jump to another before anything was done. It was extremely funny to watch as an INTJ because I could just sit back and observe, knew how that'll go and if from a million Ne ideas I felt something had potential, I didn't care if he jumped to a million others.With ENTPs you can also bring them back to an idea, they don't take things personally, Fi PoLR, if you think some idea is beneficial, do that, suggest delegating stuff when it gets over whelming, they're also great at getting you to do the work instead of doing it themselves lol, but then they'd not be very mad at you for messing up either or missing things... you have Si PoLR so that also would make keeping a lot of to do list in your head hard.

Just do what you can and everytime they add things tell them you're on it... their memory sucks too... if they say they asked you ages ago, well tell them that the before steps to this other thing seemed very useful to that thing but I'm almost done with that... do that and I'm sure they'd mention that after a month.

Not sure how crappy of an advice that is, I've never really been a good boss pleaser.Yeah they're interesting ppl in general.Try to do things you can... hate panning things out too... and put the panned ot things on the back burner... find other things you can do that wouldnxt get you so anxious on the left to do list. It's like the meal that you have next week, you don't cook today right, you cook on the meal day, atkeast mist stuff.Ne sounds way more fascinating. I'm usually very good at picking ppl's intentions and therefore very very good at hiding mine since I know the smallest pointers but with ENTPs somehow you know they know and it's interesting to say the least.

Also I'd have disregarded me as someone selfish way before at certain times because at certain times I'm so focussed at my goal that I am very prone to punch right through walls and destruct but somehow ENTPs give you chances which doesn't make sense. Kind of makes me wonder why...female # 1 - ESFP (really hard to type) Sounds an EXXP,

male # 1 - ESTP

female # 2 - ESTJ

male # 2 - I already read you think he's INTJ so doesn't count, now can't be impartial enough.

female # 3 - EXFP - probably ESFP

male # 3 - ENFP?

It looks like a lot of information is missing...make this an excuse to be alone, yes... actually brood or be mad, naaah, I'd have to give a damn.It's the whole "it's lonely at the top" bullshit honestly. You don't have anything real to be proud of in real life so start boasting your intelligence on an online forum which is pretty much useless unless applied.love this.I'm irritated once I figure out that I might be jealous because I don't want to be, it doesn't make sense... then I have to reason myself out of feeling that way and monitor if my behavior is somehow resultant of jealousy.Hmm interesting. F2 and F3 are both 3w2... I'd say F3 is 2w3 maybeNope, I'm not at all reactive, passive aggressive will require some semblance of reaction in compliance with the emotion, if I have thoughts like that I make sure to keep a neutral expression until I've figured out what's bothering me and if I figure it's jealousy, I reason before the situation arises next time.INFPs are pretty smart... don't underestimate your big brain energy.You really want big brain energy when you can be street smart with badass energy?

But if you do, everyone knows Ti is the biggest brain energyHmm well I'll study myself for passive aggressiveness.Ah well get rich then go to therapy and get emotional.Better than the original post and true as well. Trust issues combined with superiority issues...! sucks being us!you might get to the ugly truth if you are willing to face it...Maybe... we all know what we know... sometimes we're right sometimes not... but then we always like to think we are...With Fi parent, being responsible for how they feel... if they are threatened at all, they'd spin around the situationa and even make sure that they think they're ethically right because Fi parent... The Fe critic helps because that way they can gather enough reasons to reason that you're wrong.

Nice, bubbly people who are very motivating and honestly worth caring for but everyone I've met has this lack of objectivity when the going gets tough or they perceive it's getting tough... not to hold that against them though... we all have our shortcomings.Fi is not very giving in general. They have strong values and they give to the ppl close to them or with whom they can relate or empathize with when they are comfortable doing so. They also believe in and advocate for indivuality and are therefore rather accepting of ppl. But by no means are they going to go out of their way to care for you.

If they're kind, it's because they believe in the value of kindness. They believe in goodness of certain things and they hold themselves or try to hold themselves to those values.trying to assert dominance are we? Pick on the strongest looking opponent.LikewiseUnfortunately.. very very much so... makes me cringe often... doesn't help that showing it is not at all easy.Cold hearted : Can be but the flip side is that feel extremely intensely and probably would say things more harshly and sacrifice myself on the altar instead.

Arrogant: Yes if not checked but simultaneously insecure

Hate people: nope, don't often understand how to deal with them.They tend to like you... somehow a lot of them end up with you guys.Erm... thing is with my enfp friends if I know they're trying I tend to draw another wall up... because it's often curiosity and the emotions are better kept in a barrier...Yes but the more ENFPs I meet... 3 so far, all were very awesome to talk to... I feel lile all the want is to identify whatxs going on and that's it... I don't like being a project...Well often trust should be earned but according to cs joseph we're bad at that and I suspect he might be right in that regards... but all you need to say is honestly state what you're looking for....You can will yourself into anything but here's the thing... 

Cognitive functions are way you process information not codeline for your behaviours and if we could change the way we receive and process information we'd be geniuses i.e. ultimate problem solvers because of having enough ways and perspectives to look at things... usually that is very hard to do... it's hard to change the wiring in your brain no matter hpw doable you want it to be...

Instead of "wanting to be a different type" ppl should strive to have good traits which are universally not copyrighted by any type.This sounds wonderful... happy for youDetected pretty quickly once I saw them... but the flaws are hard to see as an observer... don't wonder why some ppl think we're aloof.Shouldn't generalize the don't do roommates... i like having roommates just so I don't go too into my shell.So do introverts... hurting yourself again, aren't you 🙄Wow doubke sensor... nice... life must be hard on reddit for you.Not everything in them is safe... I prefer feeding them to others :DENFJ have a negative stereotype of being manipulativeIt might be because of their prominent personalities but healthy ESTJs are such awesome ppl while unhealthy ESTJs are traumatic.Lol classic ISFJ...Lol it's like mock them and then preemptively mock the defense so they're left shieldless... nice for a type that doesn't think ahead two steps.I'm so hurt... It's not like I chose to be born like this... I try but you guys keep making fun of me... 

(Naah just kidding, don't care)Now who's getting serious and giving longwinded explanations... and it was just ironic humor on my own end... also not man.Yep all Good!ISTPs are treated like a badass cool type...I like them...Almost same... except I wonder what God's expectations maybe... overall all religions state the same things underneath. I usually go with the rules that make sense and believe that ought to do it.Every type has idiots... we grow out of that idiocy in our 20s usually/hopefully.google... popular opinion is usually acceptable enough for critical situations and when you're in a time crunch.If it hurts enough to make you curse for a few minutes to an hour atleast... you can go to the doctor... they don't mind...Good luck winning over NJs... they're probably already suspiscious of your agenda and tend to be stubborn and won't get behind anything they don't want to.Have ESTP brother and Father and they both think they're great at talking my language and I indulge them just because I know how fragile that Fe can get but usually I know what they're up to.1. A
2. (A-B tie)
3. A
4. B
5. (A-B tie) I think I slightly favor needs but I also focus on wants to an extent.Doesn't it kind of gives you the option of taking over... imagine the opportunities.You underestimate introverts... we take the lead when there's a need to lead.They planned on replying at some point but were afraid you'll respond back and it'll become a conversation.Wanting people when I need them but never really taking the time to notice if they need me and it never comes to that because almost always have a million ways to avoid letting people come close.Well the way we're portrayed, I'd say stating we're an "INTJ" (the awesome mastermind on which the society must rely to progress) in real life is very hard to do.

Specially when you can cry and often also tend to be not so grounded in reality and haven't conquered any countries.INFJ tends to be rare for men but could also be because they don't identify with being a feeler.

It also might be that INs are more concentrated yet very very socially secluded.trust me every sub of a single type is cringe... except for sensors because they probably don't care.Sounds like an INTJ to a tee but trust me when I say we care... we root for what's right and we feel when we relate just we're trying to fix it for you rather than making you feel good in the moment still with time there's a hope for getting better at showing care.Lol I'm the fake one... so just a mere mortal...My ISFJ mother used to be shocked when sometimes she came across a cringe worthy diary entry I had written at some point and left. She'd say every single time, "I didn't know you felt that much." And I was like yeah it's resolved and I don't.Yes but I write in vague and I'm pretty sure no one even gets what I'm writing... it has a lot of metophors and less sensory information... for more real stuff I have an anonymous poetry blog.

And plus my memory sucks so bad that if someone discovers something from the past I pretty much hardly remember or care about it so how are they even going to use it against me.Se PolR &lt; Se inferior

Plus we have the power of predicting our own future. Will ourselves to walk 20 steps without falling down... and the sensors merely have their eyes open to do that.erm... ???&gt;Stop hating us!

nah I don't want to...He had some Se fed directly to the brain.When an ISFP friend came out and said she's an INFP because she likes reading and bunch of other cool stuff etc etc (definitely doesn't read). She was a poster child for ISFP and you could watch the Se jump up and down and also her favorite show was some bachelor reality show because well... seriously, huge contrast between the two.

Also I was talking to a male INFJ the other day and that's the one type that when you talk to you just know. They were convinced they were INTJ and they kept looking to be sure everyone was feeling okay and also mentioned that they could feel everyone in the room and somehow looked like they were traumatized.

&amp;#x200B;

Other times usually I'm not so sure and it takes time to observe people... some people I'm still not sure about.Ne is super obvious... the users would say/do something completely unexpected snd throw you off (even though Ni is good at predicting). They usually have this all over the place look about them and can't seem to settle down. Usually the eyes are roaming everywhere. With INXPs it's just the spark in their eyes and sudden unexpected things... with ENTPs it's sooo muchhh talk and with ENFPs it's unasked for therapy in unexpected ways.

Te is also pretty obvious like the person said.

I've observed all Se users to be focussed on food/ places they visit and games of some kind. They also don't seem to settle down... the ESXPs are always trying to drag you out to do something and the ISXPs seem to want you to well get lost.

And obviously Fe... when you just hear an Fe user about how mean someone is and the next moment they're trying something to please that exact same person because they just can't help it. That's Fe... it's anger inducing at times.It's not too much and I usually get where they came from... just hate not always being able to predict them... it just gets inconvenient. Great for brainstorming though. Don't shut up you know just have the right audience.Mischief ManagedAtheists give way too much shit about religion given the fact they don't believe in it. I mean it's like double time wastage to waste time on something you don't even want to waste time on.Ni only if they are the exception and something is hindering their goal because they're going to be that exception.

But seriously... probably Ne for seeing alternatives and Ti for subjective analysis.I'd say it makes more sense to not care if you're gonna be an atheist... I mean how much can your really argue about what someone believes? There's always going to be peer pressure for everything... rationalizing the fact that you're not conforming will only make the situation worse... there's scientific proof for neither arguments or wouldn't humanity be convinced via tangible evidence.&gt;
That's the point, though, it's the absence of belief, and any belief can be put into question

My point isn't that it can't be questioned... my point is that questioning it often wouldn't render any worthwhile results. Opinions can be changed because they have some rationale behind them, you attack that and you get what you want. Beliefs are often rooted in a need, desire, want, identity... you try questioning that and you'll only get defensive haters. There's simply no point except for leading by example.

&gt;Worse ? How so ?

Because if you are an atheist you probably already have decided that you do not believe in religion and it's ok. If you live amongst ppl that consider it unacceptable or questionable, you're only creating obstacles for yourself for the time being... you can share your thoughts when there're ppl who are willing to listen otherwise it's just causing problems.

&gt;
Lol, humans don't get convinced by that, let's be honest. It's all emotions at the end of the day (even for us T types)

Well if you heard that there are golden dogs you wouldn't believe it but if you saw one... i mean once there's a scientific proof you can make a system that brings the proof to the real world in a manner that is acceptable to the masses. Glaring reality can make belief questionable.To me it always looks like an insecurity and a defense mechanism. If you're criticised, bullied or traumatized by something or for your belief you become quite adamant at projecting your solutions as the universal fix. It makes you get some control. It's hard to accept that things just happen at times regardless of who you are and what you believe. Some use religion as a ruse to not be blamed for their hypocrisy and wrongdoings, other take religion as an enemy so they can blame something other than themselves or ppl they are close to.Probably they'd think all their family is nuts and shoot them if they're SPs or take on the whole responsibility of maintaining the household if they are SJs lol.I hate loving ppl that I do, I love hating ppl too.ISTJ: Aware but uninvolved/uninterested

ESTJ: Aware and involved in a need to basis

ISFJ: Aware and cautiously involved

ESFJ: Aware and involved

INFJ: Understands it and uses when necessary

ENFJ: Puppet master i.e. aware and involved

INFP: Very aware but to avoid it

ENFP: Aware and navigating it with giving much thought

ISTP: possibly aware and know how to keep it away

ESTP: doesn't give a damn

ISFP: Understands it, doesn't get involved often

ESFP: understands but doesn't care

INTP: Probably oblivious but can navigate it when they are aware

ENTP: Know how to use it to their advantage

ENTJ: Know how to steam roll it but not good at it.

INTJ: damn care

&amp;#x200B;

Overall you'd need high sensing  and Fe or Fi awareness to be good at it.A lot of ppl think they are friends with the INFP because well they're quite, accommodating and good listeners and they get invited but the ones I've met have a huge fear of being judged (btw same goes for ISFPs) so I don't think they actually consider a lot of ppl their friends.No one at the moment but unhealthy ESFJs have annoyed me by being too smothering or have me walk on eggshells.I think socionics would be better suited to Ti users  and possibly Ne. MBTI is more easily applied so Te.Well maybe I've just seen the successful ones... more oblivious?

I'd think Si and Fe would help a little though even if it's inferior.No that's most helpful. Interesting, I never looked at ENTPs that way. Always thought they were just messing to get their way but never really that their way is essentially in their heads a more generally advantageous way.That is interesting... apologies for going with the stereotypes for the most part... I'd observe them further for better analysis.Wasn't the orginal question about if you have a monologue or not. Which I'd personally translate to a coherent self talk and the opposite would be people who talked to themselves in random words and images without fully formed sentences.

Interesting analysis.Same lol.Yeah but can't seem to locate the actual apple sitting on the table in front of me.Because we rationalise them and then put them aside and then they do eventually burst out in inappropriate ways.No I won't be triggered but if you say you're stupid you should elaborate rather than looking at me to try to pursuade you as to why you're not.I do think INFPs or Ne users are very smart... point being I know there are tons of smart ppl in the world... I don't care enough... it's what you do that matters not what you are.No it's not logical to entirely ignore them but there's a rime and a place for everything... some places require rationality others maybe emotions but it's just hard to express emotions the right way for thinkers I think because the priority is always rationalizing.If you throw all of them at me then yes or expect me to react to them like you would then also yes. Otherwise I'm glad when you're happy and not so glad when you are not happy.That is not a question.Everyone is like every other in some respects and different in some aspects. The number of similarities and differences between one and the other are determined by the specific characteristics of one and the other.Few that are easy are Ne doms and aux's.... a lot of characteristics and subtle things go into the analysis and sometimes you do it by elimination etc.

Se doms are second easiest, ESFJs are easy to type too.

The hard to type are healthy ESTJs, ISXPs and sometimes ISXJs because of the stereotypes.

I'd still say mostly you can get ppl right except for the healthy ESTJs.

NFJs aren't easy either but abstract plus caring gives it away still takes a lotttt of time and observation

NTJs are easy because well you know exactly what's going on.Why not? They have Te child and Se technically makes them rather pragmatic and straightforward... although I'm sure they just barged in without caring for the invitation.It's vague without a systematic application to the real world and hardly provides any sensory stimulationbut thrives on vague conclusions and possibilities... go figure. Sensors have actual stuff to do...Systematic application... sure it has application which is also widely vague...Yes but it's not very systematic in it's approach.Nope mistyped :)Probaably love you too if I'm in this scenario and youxre not sead but God please a little bit of space and not the leg rap...Why the world needs NFs so much...I mean INTJ is an excellent type to have pnce you've really matured and that takes a hell lot of struggle but before that it's not easy executing the plans because you're not really dealing with systems 90% of the time so the stereotype is only online. Although once you start working on your weaknesses and realise the shortcomings... it gets good.Basically OP should look at davesuperpowers stuff.Yeah but it's mostly because it'll take a while to understand... hell I don't still have enough grasp and I've listened to them quite a bit.I know the theory well enough by now just it's hard to type accurately based on that... so yeah I'd like if you have tips for that. I also like that they cluster EJs and IPs together kind of like socionics&gt;Reply

when you work your ass off for it to get good.then stop lying to yourself and do what you do genuinely... the goal is not affirmation or approval but internal satisfaction.When you start out to do anything worthwhile, you'd be lonely and none of has it figured out and it sucks but eventually whwn you keep going and find that self sufficiency, you'd find ppl just like you and you'd be self sufficient anyway.Based on personal observations

I'be seen ISXPs lie needlessly although I'd think high Fi would be anti lying.

EXTPs seem to not even believe in truth because everything is relative

INTPs don't seem to be bothered by lying either

IXFJs probably wouldn't -- Fi critic they have too hogh stamdards for themselves.

EXFJs -- do lie for the sake of not hurting

INFPs -- I don't think I've seen one lie... they just cover up and are too private mostly for fear of judgement.

EXFPs -- I don't think they like to but sometimes when unhealthy and they want something for themselves they do.

EXTJs -- don't want to and don't care to but don't mind if they have to.

IXTJs -- would rather not and try to be sttaight but often lie in the form of concealed information and probably would lie if they have good rationalization for it.Well no one said they could hide anything from an INFJ... attempting that is aiming a bit too high lolI know when they're being judgy or what they might be thinking instantly but not very good at reading their emotions. I.e. if they're sad and overall have a different demeanor, i'll pick on something wrong  "if" i happen to observe them. If they're close I do know though but not on exactly what it's just "something's wrong" and then sudden realization as to what it maybe depending on how much I knew about them.Comes and goes... it really does depend on what the need of the hour is... usually I just put off feeling something in favor of doing what needs to be done... it can come out later though when sometimes I process it if it's interfering with things to figure it out, sometimes just write it out to make sense and sometimes I'm a mess.

But yes things hurt when they hurt and that's probably universal... if you don't acknowledge it, it'll probably come out as health problems etc.My thoughts were the same... being a 5 means you never actually experience them in real time but they're there anyway and most INTs are 5.Happened some years back... just find the root cause, accept the emotions maybe and addressing that should do it.It could be that when you don't show enough feelings ppl find it hard to relate to you and might get uncomfortable getting on subjects that you clearly don't prioritize. If they're concerned or if they want to gossip (like most ppl do) they'd ask someone they have easier time navigating.

I think happens to me but I wouldn't know because often I am not aware if ppl are talking about me but the other day I heard a news travel very fast which I did not reveal so that was pretty amusing to me.That's nice :)they're cyborgs... don't worryDepends... sometime you'd just switch to halfassing everything and withdraw and that's not satisfying at all.

Sometimes getting punched dowm is a blessing and you realise that you have a serious problem and you tend to atleast start trying to roll with the punches when you can

Also compartmentalizing should be helpful so if one area is chaos, it doesn't bleed into the other because usually that's what's happening. Eventually if you just let go of perfectionism, embrace the uncertainity and know that you'll deal with it no matter what... it gets bearable. But we all have our weak spots.Luckily my ESTP dad wasn't around... now that he is I realise how much trouble it would've been to have to convince him of things at times... luckily i don't have to care.Had to google and read it there.Why though?I think we are very smart in part and very stupid in another part. It takes courage and smart to realise your own stupidity  though.

Also mostly when something is called stupid it's the work or the words not the person and I think, I think we do it to ourselves too... atleast I do.No INFPs love you the way they have imagined you to be...Time for wearing an actual mask and obviously sunglasses.awfully defensive... citing one's sources on something that's fictional and the type of the character can hardly be given with concrete reliable sources (what metric are the sources using, yep their view points).  Any argument for Sherlock being intj (as long as sufficient analysis is provided) should be valid.... I personally haven't been able to type him but I'd also consider ISTP to extent... anyways  [one link](http://www.thefangirlinitiative.com/2016/09/intj-diaries-im-high-functioning.html) that claims he's INTJ.yep... knowledge being fed into the brain without effort. It's heaven.Lol... that makes senseLet's clear something up... CSJ has his own theory which isn't always applicable ĺand yes I've heard him a lot along with all the others)

Ni can be delusional given it's exposed to flawed data. But it's not delusional on it's own. All Ni does is look at data and find patterns lying within to form gemeralized concise concepts. Given a type has it as their dominant function they're not going to be bad at it since they've had a lot of years of use at it. Usually, we are good at seeing patterns but preference for Ni also means that we are living more on implications of circumstances then the circumstances therefore growth for us usually is starting to live more in the moment. 

As for door slamming... here's how it goes... it's not always that you discern betrayal (as CSJ puts it)... sometimes you can't see a forseeable conclusion that is any good i.e. don't think the personalities match and the most efficient way is to just disconnect (super unhealthy yes) also a lot of types do it. Assuming can be a pitfall but having Te ensures you're seeking external output as well so wrong assumptions are rare and we're mostly looking forward to negate our own assumptions when data is provided. Don't take what youtubers say too seriously. I would give you that unhealthy Ni or sole use can be mistaken.

Paranoia is more defined by Ne inferior and you could look at that when ISXJs have to deal with uncertainity amd get super worried that something will fall apart.Well it makes sense to an extent... 6th function being the critic and EXTPs tend to always think everyone else is stupis and IXTJs always being super critical of theor own smarts in their heads.so what have you actually done so far?they're going to be waiting a looooong time...Lol I'll be sure not to aggravate any INFPs...Atleast they feel their feelings... thinkers at times have no idea what's going on or rationalize so much that it never resolves itself. Feelings become something that causes problems in other domains like health, perceptions, motivations all the while not acknowledging that anything is causes by feelings. 

I mean I get it... feelings are irritating and seem to get in the way but if feelers didn't prefer them you know how dry the wprld would be? Who'd meet human needs? Someone needs to take care of that big emotional spectrum you know and not push it under the rug and then lash out without reason.Read outliers by Malcolm Gladwell... also you're bound to be dumber then some ppl because there is no number one but enough discipline and you'd be beating geniuses left and right.

Edit: oh and also there are different kinds of intelligences it's not like the ultimate genius is good at all... find yours...ThisThis too...A lot of problems with 'gender roles'...Feelings don't care about your facts.Beautiful...Lol...

&gt; I LOVE my alone time.

You get some long alone time... impressive. Always laud the amount of energy extroverts have.saw this a while ago... came here to say that it didn't become a trend as wanted lol. Maybe ppl won't like presenting a messy bedroom.I've seen an ENFPs (would not recommend) and I just wanted to get up and help them clean but it wasn't appropriate so I pretended like it wasn't a big deal... it was killing me... seemed like it didn't bother them at all lol...

Seen an ESTJs and she already knew i had a thing for neatness and it was awfully well organized... I can be slightly messy at times. (don't ever say that to me though)I think it'll have some weird efficiency to it i.e. logocally organized by comfort and proximity rather than aesthetics.Yep same!Would say it's a J thing... EXXJs at the top and my ISFJ mom is freaky about cleanliness it's just in different ways...As in killer :DDon't like being number 7.I like to think so too... 😂Removes the probability of someone telling on you.Yep yepI mean it's not that messy if you think about it... Just a few clothes and the bed spread is not set... Won't take more than a few minutes to fix so I'm actually impressed plus its nice.Yep minimalismwhat INTJs don't clean?beautifulWell I think it's safe to say they're outliers.Fantastic job...The ones I remember really liking:

"The Pursuit of Happiness"

"A beautiful Mind"

"Little Women"

"Devil Wears Prada"

"Gifted"

I would agree I used to find it hard to find movies for the group but now that I've started studying ppl I can guess which would go well.haha I'll take it as a compliment even if you don't mean it :)you just had to bragWell 3 are but 1 of them is there because I recently watched it and the other's I remember liking. All of these movies have something relatable... I think tert Fi gets attracted to that.That would mean ESTPs would like movies with a lot of humor or sarcasm etc that lifted the mood with of course a touch of action...Thank you... warms my stone heart... !Lol...Do exactly the same although it has to be someone I really want an impression in front of to walk around.Was about timeWhat'll you do with it without the security code amd expiration date lol...Add spaces and lines in between, too hard to read!
Otherwise an interesting post.Broadly speaking.

With EXXJs it's always a covert contract and return depends on Te or Fe.

IXXPs rarely put others before themselves but the favor comes with judgement and there's bigger price then EXXJs or simple sense of superiority.

EXXPs would mostly manipulate you in the moment for something they want

IXXJs are not doing favours they're sowing seeds to reap in future.your life sounds funBecause you get desentisized and they're probably dealing with other issues.Potayyyto potaaaatoLol...Someone who also doesnxt give a damn and also yes over population is a problem but it looks easy from afar to watch ppl die and think oh well less ppl to consume resources... 

on a purely technical perspecrive you never know if ppl being killed were the ones creating resources that a lot of other ppl used and therefore it's a deficit anyway... 

on an ethical level I'm not even sure how many arguments there can be. I'd give you that if you're ok with the person closest to you or yourself dying for population control you have the right to make that argument.You sure can have an opinion I just wouldn't agree that it's logically or ethically fair...We don't have to that's the beauty of having freedom of choice.They're spontaneous, fun ppl.
They are not neurotic.
They won't overthink things.
They are chill and want to enjoy.
They have enough social skills.
They look good and they are not a source of stress. They also know what the next person wants to do, see, hear etc.

After a hectic day no one wants to listen to a youtuber arguing multiverse vs universe and worse even have them ponder their existence.Well everyone is easy if you know what buttons to push.No they probably know how to ppl better than NTsAh so INFJs want to dominate... who would've thought but ofcourse hitler had the same idea.Not technical does not equate mundane... although I'd replace no one with most ppl in my statement.Math is maths... it's a subject with variables and numbers and complicated lined... understanding the big picture i.e. how all these symbols come together would be Ni. Understanding how every symbol is working would be Ti. The question was "feel for mathematical concepts", not "understanding structure of mathematical concepts"-- I'd classify later as Ti.Mundane to you is different than something being mundane in general and my statement was more generalized I think.Yep... gossip, small talk  and finding out why Sharon was talking to Susan, is the bread and butter I live on!SFs -&gt; general gossip

STJs -&gt; prone to work gossip

NFJs -&gt; prone to motive based gossip

NFPs-&gt; Have seen ENFPs gossip and INFPs privy to everyone's gossip

STPs -&gt; don't gossip

ENTs -&gt; Nah

INTs -&gt; get bitten in the back by gossipWhy were some languages made in such a way that the alphabets get transformed while writing?I came here to say my own but I guess you beat me to it.This is niceYou like living dangerously lolIt irritates me to dislike a type just because... it doesnxt make sense but...

I have had clashes with ESFJs which I'm realising recently is simply because of extremely different world views and my own stubborness to meet half way.

ESTJs - a wonderful friend and one of my most hates ppl... basically talk down to me or try to boss me around and I'll punch you in the face somehow.

ENFP - again one was the best person I knew other just ruined quite a few things with naivety and wanting to probe, interfere and help without zero logic. I'd rather have a smart enemy than that kind of friend. Haven't really been that irritated with someone... don't meddle... respect type but not the person.

Rest just irritateMore like a fair person. Also should be a great person by now given the amount of effort I put into self improvement. Actually, I think I'm quite decent for a human being.Decided long time ago never to use those cards after hurt someone quite a bit and now even at the worst of worst I dom't use those cards... it's a good revenge but homestly attacking someone's insecurity can break ppl a bit badly and then they might never live upto their full potential and that just saddens me. I'm trying more to learn to confront them in the moment so even if it stings, it doesn't scar longterm.I like the fact that the other INTJs won't bother me and all I need to do to make sure they don't bother me ever is smother them for a while...I understans the theory behind your argument but it takes a lot of hardwork to get to where bezos is, it wasn't like one day luck smiled upon bezos while he was contemplating at the beach.
Starvation is a problem I also feel very strongly about but the way to elimimate that has to be more fair and methodical. I'd probably have taxes proportional to income (I think already happens) and then implement cost cutting solutions and source money to the starving communities with long term solution like land growing food etc. Or I'd give my own money.
You are entitled to nothing in life and you deserve nothing, what you get is by sheer hardwork and by moments of opportunity you were really lucky to get that you grabbed. Human rights are a privilege more than a right today, even if that's sad, it's the reality. That starving kid or ill old man is everywhere and you can't fix the problem by simply taking in money from someone rich and giving them for now... it looks nice, it's not a solution.Yep typed everyone i knowonions my friend, onions!Thinking before blurting stuff out and doing stupid shit might be a good reason to not want to be an ESTP i.e. we want human race to survive with some culture and want next generation to be not only composed of abandoned orphans with no identity as to where they came from. I think that should do...

I don't need to roast ENTJs for now...We have Fe PoLR i.e. we're literally blind. I have a Fe dom friend who I've been trying to learn from ages and I even at times make efforts to mimic it and not only does it feel incredibly fake and uncomfortable, I really don't use it well.

Maybe the definition of Fe on tests is screwed up somehow.INFJs aren't very good at Te. PoLR literally is the most horrible function in your stack. but ENFPs can be good at Ni because Ne doms are usually good at both.YepProbably. Also ENFPs have critical Fe and therefore they are very aware of Fe and Te child makes them very admiring of Te.Well we're not monsters and ofcourse talking for myself I care deeply for ppl I care for and care about how they feel but I'd say the key distinction atleast for me is that when I care, I care by actions, looking for tiny signs of discomfort or irritation and then trying to create a better environment for them or trying to solve the problem. My Fe dom friend's go to is words that will help, a kind gesture even if they're not entirely true, she's not concerned with fixing the problem but rather ensuring that someone is feeling taken care of or at peace. She says that sometimes you just need to speak with words and that's all someone needs you don't always have to fix it for them.Really appreciate INFPs...Likes : chill, fun, easy going, can have fun conversation and banter, up for things, great with ppl and internally caring, sometimes very wise.

Dislikes: don't take things seriously, act/speak without thinking, not very dependable, say ppl are stupid while doing that exact thing that made those ppl stupid, way too much show off.Hating yourself has nothing to do with what type you are. Every single type has flaws that if unacknowledged either make them immature idiots or self hating idiots. Your hands aren't tied behind your back and neither is your brain programmed to only process 0101. Decide who you want to be, work towards it and know that you become exactly who you believe you are. rest is crap, if you can use it, it's useful otherwise it's ultimate crap.

Also not having anything to talk about with others is your problem not ISFJs problem... read, listen, see things that you enjoy and then talk about them. and please don't use example of  being a good mother, it takes effort and not everyone is cut out for it.

You're better than this, don't you dare hate yourself just because.Tables are possible in latex. Things can then be saved as images and uploaded but you must not do as the ENTJ says. Now here's a pickle.I was wondering when an Entj is going to call that one out lol.Lol I'm not the OP I believe in ENTJs completely... Te doms are definitely not least intellectuals... obviously we're better 😂INTJs compared to ENTJs... purely to rile you upDon't unnecessarily mess with us, let us have respect for you... your curiosity in the moment might cause problems in the long run... although the council is very appreciated.Really depends who you're debating with.I hink they were talking about polr Si in ENTJs to try to explain how irritating one finds the PoLR function but missing a little context.
Inferior function still is something you might be insecure about but regard anyway whereas PoLR is something you try to disregard the need for.

It's slightly hard to come up with accurate examples of PoLR Se if you don't have PoLR Se.Erm INTPs really aren't. IXTPs are just really smart.By try I mean that obviously there's a need for the said function but you dismiss it as something insignificant, useless, stupid.

I.e. having Fe PoLR, although after a certain age you see importance to it, I'd usually just feel like it was useless, fake, time wasting even though I could admire ppl of the type. With Se, I have these random moments where I want to be good at it... dressed to perfection, really wanting to be good at certain things like dancing, certain sports etc, suddently hyper focussing on the texture of a leaf.I have a great ENFJ friend and I guess only an Fe dom can explain that to you.Lol that's fair.Context, Ni provides context! You need context sometimes when you're not provided one. It makes it easier to catch things, understand them and build from them. Looking ahead helps with moving forward faster and yes you can learn from trial and error but sometimes an estimate with higher probability is very helpful.

Also there's no ABSOLUTE need for anything and you added that part but every function is useful for successfully running the society.Not necessarily... more lile a generalized example... you often does not refer to the person you're explaining something to in cases such as these.Too much passion, i might murder you lol.Nah just like to murder once in a while...Like working solo... on my own terms, deciding for myself who to target. Don't like taking dictation at all. But yes can murder hitman business owners.

Hit man business might be more suited for an ISTP.I don't know sounds like an introvert by how quietly it does the job. But it's also quite a drama queen i.e. scares ppl a lot, discriminates in killing ppl and ineffective but dangerous because of the chaotic nature. 

Although I'd agree with 7w8.To me it sounds like an ISFP for some reason.Good point... it doesn't die that slow... it has latched on that many friendsOh we want attention just not where we have to talk to you to get it or where the resultant is talking to you.Naah small killing rate and more covert... an ENTJ virus would've been deadly and in your face. It was okay for not getting recognition for a while.INTJ one would be covert and asymptomatic but definitely more deadly.Nope... INTJ one would be more deadly. We wonxt just waste resources on a hundred to kill one... plus not interested in panicking ppl definitely a PThe ENTJ might start working out the idea and promote the half assed version to get funded.

ENTP makes sure to troll both of them further

INTP goes back to sleep

INTJ shakes head.Every INFP male I've met is very social savvy but secretly super judgy.As an INTJ woman I'd love to hear some of those judgements straight up because I've to closely work with a few and I usually will straight up say things but not having things said to me straightforwardly messes me up.I feel of all the NTs we're the most "sensitive" and unchill. I do not like that.Yeah I'm not blunt about stuff other than work... and I do see strategy but I often keep that to myself, I'd not share or voice feelings often and very oblivious to social queues to the point where ppl would specifically use that to their advantage but I've found INFP males atleast to be more cautious... could be that we're not that close.
Thanks for the feedback it was helpful :)good to hear!They're good with ppl, they know ppl, they know how to control the background story, they know how to be around ppl and even be liked so thatxs probably social savvy.I know I know... just want to know the analysis lol...Being a huge introvert and having my own place, it's not something I've not done often and I'd say I can naturally last like this for a long time but honestly I hate it. It's not a healthy state to be in and I've worked hard to get myself out there and do not like all my progress wasted by this stuff... I hope we get this sorted soon with minimal damage and can go about our daily lives.I'd like to see you give a hard time to an ESTX parent lolQuite a bit... you just need a good NF market and make sure it's advertised right. There are people dying to have unique things for themselves, boast their ego's long enough and you'll be filthy rich.I know it's pretty stereotypical  but I've started to realize my need for everything to lead somewhere or not giving a f\*\*\* about it at all... I repeat, I did not even study for tests that I knew wouldn't lead somewhere.You best bet is an ENTJ... they can half ass advertise it anyway, we'll get too caught up in perfectionism for it to make us rich or to be fun.That should work...!It's the easiest thing to drive an ISFJ nuts... It's not that easy to drive and ESTJ parent nuts.Know what you mean... also is the case with ISTJs but they're more rational about it.We know our emotions once we know them but we do not want to share them, we are very stubborn about our authenticity, i think that's the way to put it.

INTPs are logical, just like ISTPs and they're so good at logic that it's extremely easy to see the smart in them. Ti doms are definitely very smart. 

We on the other hand are strategic, quiet, delibrating and often a bit what feels like far fetched... our skill does not lie in our logic but our delibration we probably have in depth analysed most of the would be consequnces of actions and we're insanely secretive. We do need to act more but I do not know if we're smart, I'd say we're just very deliberate in everything we do.Ermmm they can be rationalized with... they listen to the facts but they are a stubborn folk but then that's also what ppl say about us. I don't get along with ISTJs often but I respect them.I think ISTPs more accurately...Supporting and all since I know it can be extremely hard for you guys but I'd also rather not be demomized for doing what gives me energy (i.e. alone time) point being haopens on both sides.

Also given our parent function is of the opposite orientation from the dominant I don't think too much isolating is good for anyone neither is too much socializing. Everyone should get a balance.Honestly it's hard but might also help a lot of them with self reflection and help them grow... I hope it ends soon so they're not driven crazy though.Hey! Hang in there... find places where you can chat ppl seeing there faces... go for the morning run in an isolated area... we're rooting for you...Erm... okay!!!Atleast it's spot on for Te users... I hope it's not true for other types because that'll be effing stupid.If you know something will work and no one around you agrees and people will hate you forever for it, will you do it?We are horrible friends but if you're the friend... we're the best friends.

I'd hope we're romantically good though...Stop terrifying everyone lol... softening the edges will give you more minions :PYou seem like you like a lot of pplErm... yes and no!I don't think we're most emotional it's just that when emotions do show, they're intense, child like. 90% of the time I couldn't feel less but when I do it's a disaster so yes and no!Well I wouldn't be roo full of myself if I'm spending my time on reddit having to ask complete strangers for help.

Like seriously no real life work? And no real life people?Lol I just thought what might get to me and changed it a bit...Funny the other person meentioned path of least resistent, do the same but otherwise:

Weaknesses: overlook simple obvious facts in favour of the bigger picture. For instance I have this idea that I'm trying to achieve and I'm looking for people or things for it and there's a very obvious trait of the person/thing that makes them less optimal and I'll just ignore it like it doesn't exist. Disrespecting reality is a big weakness.

Strength: it's flexible, ambitious and creative. Take planning like this... there's a landmark in the city you need to get to and there are tons of paths... your plan would be intermediate landmarks, vehicle rides, helicopter or whatever and at each step all the focus is on that landmark you just walk to it and everything you look at is seen in terms of whether it takes you to landmark or not. Planning almost never fails because if you're stuck you reroute, although optimality is the desire, target is ultimately the landmark.ISTP: for straightforward stuff and ofcourse aesthetics

ENFJ: helps with understanding people

ESTJ: (very healthy) helps with navigating the political landscape at work

Rare:

ENTJ: very occassional advice

INFJ: had a good bonding.. interesting discussionsI can only speak for myself but am naturally risk averse. If there's probability of something going wrong in future I usually have a few plans in my head to avoid that. Mostly presumptive strikes against anything that can go wrong before it goes wrong. I'm not really sure tbh.

I almost never withdraw from the goal but pretty easily change route. Or envision something better and go that way.Nope... more like a startled one.Well I'd share my opinion on mine:

Ne:

* Ability to have a lot of out of the box ideas
* Dismissing most outlandish ideas because no point
* Paranoia about other people's intention
* Awareness of people's intentions etc.

Ti:

* Concern for logical consistency
* Never sure enough that you are right unless extensively researched
* Good ability to dive very deep in but avoiding it for efficiency
* Doubt on your own intelligence but only in an area

Fe:

* Insecurity, never knowing if someone likes you or not
* Never being sure how you're interpreted
* Not knowing if something is appropriate, feel like an outsider
* Often unaware when something hurts someone, until they get hostile
* Being either oversensitive or insensitive as a result.

Si:

* A fear of the past.
* For me: False memory
* never sure how things were to how things are now
* Can stick to routine but it's more idea based than action based
* Don't get addictions but probably get affects of withdrawals i.e. unaware of the bodyYep... it does take a toll though after a time.I don't know if it's your projection or reality but I personally had to face a lot of setbacks for being who I am... to the point where I couldn't go forward at all and it takes a toll on you... If you get enough pushback/bullying and no backup you become a bit messed up! 

Eventually I just thought there was something very very wrong with me and I just wanted to fix it so I could get to where I wanted to, I just couldn't figure out what... being nice to ppl wasnxt ok nor was being rude, tjere was simply no proper equation... during those times I've had a fair amoumt of cringeworthy moments and thankfully a lot of awesome ppl who still stuck with me and cheered me on... but until I had an environment where I realized it was ok to be who I was and the price was something I could pay, I didn't grow.

When every finger is pointing at you as a culprit for a crime you didn"t commit at some point you start doubting if you did commit a crime.

I use a quote often: when you're in shit for a long time and then you get out of shit, you're still going to stink for a while.Honestly... it's Fe but here we can instead feel the systems and what is appropriate language for themWhat I do to myself... and have done it a few ppl when young...Just because you asked nicely: **this is no different from my normal life**well new job, find a way to find it in the Bible or at Fox News...yep!Lol... yep...Overtime I've learned you can't really tell people anything they're not ready to hear... and people take a lot of time to be ready to hear things.Funny, I know my memory sucks, and I know one other person in real life who's an intj and there memory sucks... haven't been close to others but most people around here I've met seem to have good memories and I don't know if this abysmal memory is associated with having demon Si or if is it just neural.Is seeing "future" really a strength though? and it's not even prophetic visions of humanity... just some lame ass prediction no one seems to believe anyway.

I'd say pro: extreme independence and will to power

cons: extreme independence and will to powerYeah but it's not always helpful... sometimes details matter...Well eventually you learn when you are irritable there's an underlying problem.Well will to Power actually encompasses that i.e. being so focussed on that one thing that devaluing relations, and irrelevant info and people's feelings...Hence, mentioning it as a weakness... it's really a pity in a way... I guess once we grow up we start to realize that these things matter.well timed insults and probably very strong punches.People "should not" be bothered when criticism is expressed on their weakness but reality check: PEOPLE DO GET BOTHERED.Hey... that was uncalled for although good for our inflated egos...That're quirky... I've never met any non-rigid in the workplace but outside of that, they're surprisingly novel...Yup yup...Every INFP I've met is somehow very brave even though amazingly sensitive... it could be in trying out new things or simply going after what they believe in but I dom't know if they'd describe themselves as brave.Well... as per my own observation, ISTPs are super chill and apparently go with the flow people but they actually inside have a set view point on certain things that they simply wouldn't change and will simply refuse to act just because.It would take more effort to control you than I actually have... you guys are quite smart and probably won't end well for me if you figured out my intentions which is very easy for you. I'd have to appear sincere every single time... I'd take INXPs as advisors rather than minions tbh.it's intentional"it's lonely at the top" doesn't mean you don't have admirers... wait I need the rest of Te users to deflate my ego now, where they at???Oh no! ENTJs have worse memories than we do, that's what their notes are for...\&gt;They sit on wet grass while wearing a suit,

Because it's your suit

\&gt;cannot lift anything over ten pounds

(Insert bad joke of carrying weight of human stupidity) cringe...  but hey 10 pounds is a bit too low

\&gt;"where are my keys"

yeah that happens a lot...prefer calls when it's important and I know what's expected... don't prefer anything unexpected.If only they'd tell me tritypes were valid my whole conundrum about relating to 583 would go away...Well you kind of are right in the sense that if I utilize it to just fix the wrong parts then as log as it works I shouldn't give a fuck... but analysis paralysis requires me to make sure my base for action is valid although it's not like you can objectively prove or disprove these theories...You make sense...!Should do this from now on...!Where are your people skills at?I mean it's not about being a jerk... you just really want to know what they want...I know... I was trying to jab at them lol...So Se &gt; Ti &gt; Fe &gt; Ni for youI don't wear skirts or gowns like these... way too much other girl like for meThat was a joke...Haha that works... the problem comes when the parts you want to get us to do don't allign with what we want to do... as long as it goes to the goal we care fot anything can be and will be done but if it doesn't, well...Nice...!I don't know... I'd do most things on my own... hard to trust other people except for the bits I don't care about... anyone can do that... and I usually make sure their self interest is involved...

I'd only have someone do something if for some reason I had known the person and had faith in them or I knew it was a job that didn't matter that much or if I had time to edit stuff.Honestly INXPs are extremely skeptical people that I try to steer clear of asking favours... for some reason they always assume worst assumptions about why you're asking them something and although they're highly smart I just tend to be rather cautious with them because it's just like you can hear the thoughts about yourself and you don't really like where they're heading so atleast in interactions with them I emphasize not needing things and being rather sincere...!IGNOREWait... I love having an ideas person but ofcourse in a manner that it's to and fro...I like INTPs a lot as well... just haven't been able to connect a lot...No if my kid asked me this I'd follow up with "Interesting! How did you figure it out" then as he rants I'll just listen every few minutes and then ask the next question while doing whatever I'm doing... if I get tired I'd probably just say, how about you find me a proof or formulate a theory for it properly and if they're tired well I winHey how is that not shitting on intuitives? I mean I get shitting on sensors is extremely shitty but shitting on intuitives because you met a few awful ones is also shittyAnd ofcoyrse it's okay to say intutives suck because that's not biased at all.Actually some models suggest 7th function is weaker than 8th because 7th is unconsious weakness whule 8th is comscious weakness so it's easy to get to the conscious weakness...Have an ESTJ friend and while we bond great on activities and even discussions I think the problem isn't being condescending... it's just focussing on different things... I think we don't really run on same frequency except when it comes to talking about ppl or productivity or slacking off... I wouldn't say I can have idea discussions with her not because she's not smart, she's really smart but because her way of thinking is very concrete and mine is rather abstract and neither is better than the other.Let me phrase it this way...

The few sensors I've met have been extremely unsufferable

Be it though close-mindedness, stubbornness about inefficient things, getting stuck over trivial details that wouldn't even impact the overall goal or gossip... on the other hand the intuitives I've met atleast have the ability to look at another perspective and often give me useful feedback to improve the task...

Does this sound shitty? 
 (my best friends are both sensors and intuitives so just trying to make a point)

You're probably not going to admit it but that in a way was shitting on intuitives the same way sensors get shit on... and that's not right...Nah you're just mediocre in that 6ft radius...Yes this... TJs not NTJs or STJs...But you agreed... you do know that, paraphrase: for evil to reign all that is needed is for the good men to stand down or something like that...Knowing a few ISTJs you guys are so underrated... deep respect.Lol no trusting the ENTJ... you can do better... and goodluck with enslaving the NPs they don't even know what they're going to do next...I'm not trying to ignite any crusade... just pointing out that that's how all these arguments start... we share something we go through and you might not intend but it comes off as a  blanket statement... btw downvote is for irrelevant stuff not for hurt ego...More like center of radiusedI'd have to gaf for that...Subtle insults work better, specially the ones that we can't predict are meant to set us off and bonus points for being condescending/dismissive in a casual manner.that's what I thought but hey I can be pretty harmful I just am not often.Actually you do... Just do a lot of really tiring work the whole day, keep your phone far away from your bed and sleep and eventually you'll get used to it.I'm no good either but the problem is just that you have decided not to decide if you like sleeping at night or waking at night and the day you arrive at the conclusion, you'll finally well get whatever you decide... btw can't sleep for 12 hours for the life of me lol...I think the only unfinished prohects are the one that are long term and it wouldn't be suitable to do them right now because they dom't contribute to the most significant goal but are still part of other goals.

Have a large list of semi done things but every single one of them is something that at some point I wanted to do but current goals don't allow focus towards them... everything that matters is really finished.More like word plays vs phrases with dual meanings.Ah only my nonexistent Se has humor and here I though I was funny.Oh I love sarcasm, sarcasm is what goes on in my head 24/7... and definitely not Ti although most ppl wouldn't find out my humorous self.Not sure about other TJs but my first instinct atleast now is to detach and analyze i.e. view myself as a 3rd person. Realizing how I feel about something although is to some extent known, it is not always quickly realized or admitted.Were my first thoughts without considering Fi doms as 4 and Ti doms as 5 though.I'd say INTJs are more of a black sheep. INTPs and ENTJs are both highly logical intuitives and ENTPs are rather good because of their trolling nature and diversity... INTJs are idealists and are perceived as dark, brooding and slightly less rational because of the nature of Ni.Well I'm not sure but the ones I know and as far as I know myself I hate to delegate (I should do that more though), things I don't do are usually the ones I really have no interest in and am being forced to but I'd only slack off on personal tasks that don't have immediate need because if it's for someone else and it's duty I'd definitely do it. Also setbacks just spur me on but I'll admit I don't enjoy someone talking down to me, specially if I think they're being short sighted or bossy but usually that would just make me retreat, think through the suggestion and use if it makes sense. If they're genuinely giving good suggestion I'd be the first tp admit I was wrong.

I think you guys may not be on the same wavelength that is if they really are INTJs. The ENTJs I do know are a bit more action focussed and often jump in rather quickly which I only do when there's a need to jump in quickly but otherwise for some reason the way you describe them, they don't sound like healthy INTJs at all.Well thankyou...Hey don't shit on us... we only make assumptions that are way in to the future, got nothing to do with the present :Pthis is getting spicy...and ppl call us evil... we've mostly been your future aware scientists...I don't think you even have 0 IQ possible that would be like more than 6 SD away lol... 

You're giving the guy way too much credit...Everyone either stands on sits on the floor... no need for useless action.Academia is more an ST domain then an NT one... methodology is more than half science... the crazy creativity is rarely accepted or honed enough to be taken seriously.Ranking:

1. Healthy
...
Last. Unhealthy

Case closed... stop flexing!Ofcourse there's an explanation but trust me if I explained you'd get stuck on the tiny details that's not even the point and nitpick and I'd rather not even tell you the conclusions.More like the energy it takes and the experiences with explaining. I bet the healthier ones will have explanations for it though. I used to have these things where I was sure something were something and it was right mostly and not right at times, now I often try to back track, so why do I think this... mostly I come with some valid  bullshit to back it up but at times it's not enough to convince anyone else...Why does this weird INFP kiddo not hate me though? I mean can a weird INFP kiddo explain?So basically that one idealist that sees good in what everyone sees bad in... i see where they get storylines for things like twilight.As long as the stocks are predictable ofcourse...Technically it has been studied that random guessing works almost as well as experienced one... the only trick is to not put all your eggs in the same bucket and ofcourse long term investments... which is ofcourse rookie stuff (have never invested)For me:

NTs:

ENTJ: too emotional (haaah), stubborn (the irony)

INTP: bad dealings with people i.e. learn to change accordingly

ENTP: Look too rule following, chill out

NFs:

ENFP: Aloof 

ENFJ: don't listen to anyone (unapproving glares)

INFJ: (admiration/disapproval based on how much they think I don't care)

INFP: appear dark

SJs:

ISFJ/ ESFJ: selfish, don't care enough

ESTJ: stubborn, arrogant

ISTJ: \*irritated looks on missing very tiny details\*

SPs:

ESFPs: You should enjoy more, can't get to know you

ESTPs: Just chill out and enjoy a cat video

ISTPs: Be more realisticFor an exclamatory questions, instead of !? , only an exclamation mark suffices.

The punctuation mark that combines ! and ? Is an interrobang but it is unnecessary to use since for exclamatory sentences a mere ! is enough."It's lonely at the top" 

- sorry couldn't resistRemember, Fi is child in ISTJI can play just okay but I get bored... i think to get really good at chess you need repetitions and memory of good start and end which is annoying to learn when you don't care but I can beat ppl out of practice when I'm out of practice i.e. if it only requires some strategy and no memory.Some ppl enjoy daring themselves or simply experimenting.Someone beat you at it, didn't they?Yes, give the useless ones excuse to be useless... can we just not shit on N's to appear like we're defending S... How is it so hard to just respect pro's of both Ns and S?LolYep there's a line thickness problem as well.I think it's equivalent to "that's your problem, not mine!"You can also add paint to any color and change it... jkEven if the train of thoughts isn't lost there's still a probability that no one will follow your train of thought given the nature of Ni... God bless Teah what a mess Ni can be they know not. Te makes us look so put together.Wasn't arguing for Einstein being an INTJ. Just that Ni is pretty messed up when it comes to making others understand a perspective.

Example: "Nothing is a sum of everything" I was stating this as a conclusion to multiple theories I had about something and explaining that to someone would require me to break it down into a lot of stuff for it to make any sense or it'll sound like a quote lacking evidence and any logical reasoning i.e. a philosophical conjecture which again can be made argument for but it doesn't help the listener.But very few people truly know themselves. You sure that you are one of them...While you maybe right about how Te "appears" from outside it's more about looking at the system and using that understanding to make way to meet your Ni goals5 seems the most sophisticated. Going to start doing that.I don't know, kind of...Well it's the quality that matters we all know your quantity doesn't result in much 😁Don't worry a lot of ppl still do...It is what it is... :DNaah a lot of ppl are too scared to actually pretend to have ENTJ guts... they might go after another trait now.And be bullied by suicide jokes and sunset pictures?Yeah it gets worse... we probably aren't everyone's fav at work either... not tempted to play and yep nature screwed us over pretty badly.Well coming from the emotionally stunted dictators of mbti it's actually funny.That'll be ISTPI think it's a pretty love hate relationship... Have hated ESTJ's at work more than any other type and yet have met some of the best people outside of work and really admire them.At work yes (one has made me cry, will never be forgiven) but as friends not really... I must have met the insanely healthy ones as friends... but there's definitely a subtle superiority complex on both sidesSo technically it means that for the sake of the fact that so much fuck has been given to it, you should care as well? That is a professional way to make arguments now!So intuitive thinkers are basically disliked by people and worse than all feelers?

can I be happy about I and J parts though?Hey introversion has nothing to do with selfishness... 

Overall we're quiet easy folk (I), that keep our shit together (J), deny our own happiness for logically better option (T) and rely on our ability to form connections more than looking at what's obvious to the eye (N)

I'll take the compliments though\&gt; Having T in your type does not necessarily mean you use "logic" over "emotions". That's not really what T &amp; F even mean.

technically it does mean that you prioritize head over heart... not saying one is better than the other though.

\&gt; Most of you in here have determined your type by taking some stupid online test that takes 15 minutes and is not even close to accurate. So there's a good chance you're actually one of the types you're constantly shitting on.

**Preach...**

\&gt; For those of you that do think you're better because of your T, or look down on those with F in any sort of way without really understanding the system - you are some of the worst people on the planet. And I mean that in the most disrespectful way possible.

There are a lot of those so can't be the worst... more like they're terrible human beings... remember we still have dictators, mass murderers, serial killers and politicians in the world.

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; TL;DR: Read the post you lazy fucks.

Nice...yeah but IXTJ, EXTP do prefer Te and Ti respectively to Fi and Fe if you're talking about traditional Myerrs briggs types. I'm not talking about Dave's objective personality who btw calls those IXTJs with flipped functions as SF or NF and not traditional IXTJs.

And when you refer to vague "studies"... please don't... There are tens of derived models each preaching its own system and I've studied MBTI long enough to have read and disregarded a lot of those studies. MBTI is pseudoscience, can be useful at best for self analysis or to some extent people analysis and people who feel superior because of it are delusional like a lot of people in the world they just have. different reason for entitlement.

Edit: IXXJ EXXP to IXTJ and EXTPIt's like slamming the door in someone's face just in a more psychological fashion i.e. going no contact, disappearing, assuming they don't exist after they somehow screw you over.Arguing isn't bad... gives you a different perspective, nor is honesty... can we get more of that shit please!INXPs are very sensitive to con... ENXPs are slightly less sensitive... if you can be genuine and time the things just right... things can be done! It would take a lot of deliberation though.did the you expect me to respect you? bish thing as well...expecto pec rectum...I've an urge to deliver burns to ppl who act like smart asses... my response probably would be a very stoic face and something like now guess what I think of the 28% that normalizes to my perception of the overall you and eyeroll... trust me I did not hate the lineEven people that are not INTJs know that they're INTJs so this should be a big give away for INFJs lol.Have noticed INFJs to be moreso for some reason.The proper response was... walking right out of there and if they ask you where you are when they get there: " Look xyz, I'm not going to lie to you but I left right after I got your text... waiting for people is just not in my nature and you should accept that"Ni: Wise man sitting in a contemplative posture watching everything and thinking about the best course of action you peasants. Serious, skeptical, irritated

Te: check, can't be done, should get done right now, ok can put it on the back burner, NEXT! 

Fi: It hurts so much... crying and not talking to Te and Ni... moody, sad, stubborn but always gives in to Te

Se: wow, never noticed the colors were so bright... now that I look at the wall of my room clearly after a year of living in it... If I could bungee jump, that'll be fun... If I can punch it, weird random karate moves and sudden nostalgic nature trips. No sense of responsibility or care about anything else.And it's awesomeGoogle is your friendI don't think that's even possible. You see, my personal door slam actually involves making the person disappear from my brain, they simply do not exist. There is no malice or hatred just lack of existence and that too is done after quite some time. I try to also not hurt the other person and also create a scenario where the door slam doesn't even come as a door slam if possible. Although I'd say if they came back and sincerely apologize, I'd find a circle for them.ENTPs trying to get punched!It might work that way though. Maybe you develop your aux so much and learn to tone down the dom function.maybe they wanted to balance the bias by adding seductive to negative words.You're special is not a phrase that NTJs would use for themselves or others even if they think that mostly. It'll take too much work on themselves to get to that level.I have in the past handled people with kid gloves after I figured they can't handle honesty and I wanted them around but never something like you're special. Things would be more in the context of you can possibly do that you are really good at this one thing (they were good at that) but hell, I'm not special, I've never met any unicorn so far.Well technically if someone is too ill they're special, not in a good way but they are. But I concur with your original point. 

I do compliment people on their actual skill which usually I can see instead of telling them they're special. I don't think anyone would actually want to be truly special.can't you just dissolve it?or of course but it takes a lot more work than murdering. I think that might be more suited to NFJs.Wouldn't that still leave DNA or remains? It's detectable. I think dissolving if you can learn to make the chemical would be best. Or maybe throwing in the ocean?could be traced back to you if you spend significant time with the victim. If you can do it over phone call though.Sounds too Darren Brown and I think it would require way too much expertise and perfect execution.Lol, that shouldn't be the only reason you don't do it.I'm assuming the dissolving will take place offsite and you'll make sure there's enough. time before the officer shows up.I'm pretty sure he smell is bothering your neighbors as well. In any case, I don't know, middle. of the ocean or cut up the parts although seems like hard work or burn before drowning. Apparently murder is hard work.apparently hard to get. I am just starting to appreciate how hard murder is. And also finding appreciation in whoever discovered burying the dead.have been psychiatrist that do that... Planting the idea isn't that hard actually. You have to isolate the person, get them depressed and then maybe hypo therapy or simply suggesting in subliminal sense and when they decide for themselves, make it seem like the right choice without implicating yourself. I bet NFJs can do it pretty easily, every NFJ I meet is like people whisperer.Always go for random people. And try using impersonal means. The less contact I have the less like a suspect I seem. Actually being a garbage man at times helps.

I am also concerned that this thread might be giving serial killers ideas!I think all of us has a dark person inside us. To ignore it is to let it out in the most hideous fashion. I think I'd be more defensive in the purge, I have no desire to harm people but my way of defending and killing in the process won't necessarily be nice, it'll be painful, gruesome and ruthless for anyone who even intends harm. Acid, traps, hungry mice, leeches, poisonous thing etc.

Morality is very rare, most people don't do things for the fear of consequences so you're in company of a lot of apparently awesome people.doesn't take half an hour if you know where to look plus you don't have to wait for a response.I'm worried that we maybe giving serial killers ideas... Is there a way to rectify that even though I'm sure there are smart serial killers out there, wouldn't want to add to their databases still.Aren't those always found by some random hitchhiker?I think STPs can do the job nicely when need be.Imagining a baby having yellow yolk. It's not a pleasant image.username checks out lolI'm all for gory discussions and even gory stuff doesn't phase me completely and hypotheticals are awesome but the idealist and reformer in me needs to balance the cynic to keep my own monsters in check. This thread is becoming an idea house for someone who might be an idiot enough to dare.probably not (for ending up in criminal court). The monsters are good to be aware of even if within yourself but also good to tame. The 5 in me can relate to you.lol...There are INTPs and ENTPs here and there lol :Pwhy not?no but you know you could...no idea, Happy Cake day!So obesity was a cautionary  measure to deter serial killers, the heavier you are the harder to dispose the body.**from urban dictionary**

&gt; [**based**](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=based) A word used when you agree with something; or when you want to recognize someone for being themselves, i.e. courageous and unique or not caring what others think. Especially common in online political slang.  
&gt;  
&gt;The opposite of cringe, some times the opposite of biased.  
&gt;  
&gt;When used in online political language it can mean "based in fact" or the opposite of biased due to the number of people who saw it being first used seriously by the online political right and came to the conclusion that [**is was**](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=is%20was) related to the phrase "destroyed with facts and logic" in reference to right wing personality [**Ben Shapiro**](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Ben%20Shapiro).  
&gt;  
&gt; *Example 1:* [***meta-ironic***](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=meta-ironic)\&gt;*Shitposter: Posts gif of* [***funny monkey***](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=funny%20monkey) [***Return to monke***](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Return%20to%20monke)\&gt;*Commentor: Based*Ofcourse... I'm not saying anyone sane would actually actively harm someone. NTJs don't like to murder people I can assure you but given a deeply disturbed serial killer of each of the 16 types, an NFJ would have the easiest time getting person to kill themselves just exactly because of their empathy. To end the distress so to speak.lol no idea...For some reason I am INXP hereexact. true normal would still be very unique but the usual normal is defined by your company. No one is normal given large enough sample space and everyone is normal on the other side.As an ENTJ once said to me... I have a box for everything.

As I often say, no information is still information...

However contradictory you might be, there's a categorization for that. The Ne will forever create and the Ni will forever define the link between the creativity, assimilating all contradictions into one. (Yeah I sound autistic lol)Depends on if it's lack of hatred, repression or unawareness of hatred. Regardless I'd say if it's true God-tier control of feeling it's high Fi, if it's dismissal it's low Fi and if it's unawareness than it's low Fe.Weird my Te takes decision and tells my Fi, get over it but then if it seems much for fi it'll backtrack and find a more favorable path. Wastes time though.Unfortunately accurate. Love the God phase but the nothing phase is actually helpful for growth at times.You can have the spotlight, thank you! I'd be here not caring.Not a relationship but I have an ISFJ mother who's more like a friend and always have been.  


I usually do listen, in fact the whole relationship is about me listening and I provide solutions and I'm critical but mostly because that's the only way I know how to help and I'm absolutely unaware of how I'm coming across. PoLR Fe... I've started realizing that, being a male INTJ, I bet it'll be harder.

I too disappear. in stress and if someone bothered me too much I'd be mean. Reason:  My first approach to problems is finding solutions, if. I can't find any, nothing. else matters to me, my own feelings are discarded just because and I also am unaware of how I feel so I won't be able to tell you. The comforting of another person does nothing for me.

I'd do things for people I love that they might hate me for even if they hated me because in the long run I can clearly see how much it's going to trouble them and to me having them hate me is my sacrifice. I'm learning that people need to do what they need to do and that's it. I won't though stand and watch you hurt yourself, I'd leave.

I don't ask when people leave, I usually know what's going on, I don't apologize, I simply try to make changes.

\&gt; Are INTJs selfish by nature? 

By your definition, yes but I don't think we're self serving in the least.

I do believe that I'm very harsher on myself than on anyone else.

\&gt; Or there’s something wrong here ? 

Only you can tell that

\&gt; And can this work out?

Only you two can decideThis is interesting so we could say something like this. Assuming Ti and Fi are both identities, for a younger IXTJ it's easier to align with an identity that is closer to the parent but as they become more integrated they now assume the identity that is more favorable for the parent and healthier, i.e. Fi.

For ENXJs. Assuming Ne, Se are both modes of exploration, initially Ne feels more natural but growing up and seeing the potential of Se possibilities, ENXJs incorporate that. It would make sense in a way but just a wild conjecture.The jar automatically creates another jar around the part created outside.Could always further classify the categories of each new instance and then have a bin for how many times the same jar is recurring and how many times it's a new one. Don't imagine there'll be infinitely unique possibilities.Wait no one else actively does that?from beyond the underside of a bus: ESTJ and ENTJ, both baby!And that also falls in Ni's comfort zone.Would find a secluded spot, I'm sure a lot of people would be rooting for a to of those so it won't be easy to be truly secluded... probably would know a few no one wants to check. Set traps around my house and show like I'm in there. Wait it out and maybe learn by observing the most mass murdering ones so can avoid them. I assume a lot of people would want to kill me.Have known quite a few ISTJs and respect most of them really.I'm so going to use this : “someone please close the blinds, we don’t want sunshine and happiness in here.”&gt;Firstly, you can make plasma by microwaving a grape a certain way

Go on...&gt;Veritasium

Love that guy.You're living proof that the post is incorrect... other types do ask for that info.But do you spew random facts :PI can assure you ENFPs and INFPs have this characteristic pretty obviously, specially ENFPs.was that sarcasm? :PNo one interprets no one else correctly unless you're an SJ and perfectly know all the, exactly, right things to say.Ok so, we can agree astrology is stupid but I'm going to offer a theory anyway that I was thinking the other day... have friends who believe in it, basically very old friends who never grew out of it and I studied it quite a lot ages ago.

Planets have gravitational pull i.e. tides etc and I discreetly remember that moons gravitational pull may also effect you brain at the time but what if the day you're born, the placement of the planets somehow permanently affects your brain by dong some crap and therefore your birth marks your personality and then maybe the planets subtly effect your thought process (Yeah ok! Now even my own brain is getting hurt by my bullshit so I'll stop) but there's a possibility.Barnum affect is such an underrated thinghuh  start with philosophy mode lolyou have me curious...it's just conspiracy :PAre you not strong?

Can you see yourself passionate about nothing?

Fiery about something, no?True but correlation does not imply a lack of causation either.Dude, it was a late night, half awake, half baked theory... Even I know it's bullshit. I don't believe in astrology except for snorting if someone reads me my horoscope.

I don't even think they're cute, I think they are bad for individuals that follow them religiously.That fact has a lot of potential for the imagination.Probably but really don't believe in astrology... still interested in theorizing it.

Regards,

tough galI can see ESTJ as white king and ISTJ as white queen and that can be pretty intimidating.Got VLFE-The Enterpriser, keeping the name aside, it's very spot on. Actually pretty interesting. I wonder if it has some credible research behind it.Any reliable research on this?There are a lot of new theories floating around. The subject has potential for attracting people and I wonder how much of a business it'll become.True...People are making money via YouTube, site, blogs and then typing services. And I think you could add statistical backing for the theory. But all in all I'm just afraid of drowning in too much data that can't be tracked and has no use.Truth is subjective and objective at the same time. Depending on your point of reference. Sorry, it's something I've been thinking about.Sometimes if there're other people flexing that muscle, it's kind of a release to talk like that :P You can't get away with talking like that in real life.I think the argument against the subjectivity of theological assertions would simply be that any assertion not proved is not true since the burden of proof lies with the assertion and not the negation of it. 

But my point was simply relativity i.e. most truths hold to a limited setting e.g. in a certain control group, with a certain population and restrictions.

A simpler way to convey my point will be that something that's objectively true in a setting like human beings have red blood may not be true if you go into depths of shades of color or unless you've analyzed blood of every human. For instance someone can say that not every human has red blood and you can't prove otherwise. Although that would then help back up Kierkegaard's position by having to prove a positive for every truth. We usually don't bother with arguments in this case because we're biased because we have seen our own blood as red but with more theological assertions there's always more than one bias and people will never agree on a neutral truth which makes it a very interesting subject to study.Basically he defines absolute belief or having faith as subjective truth.

Btw not saying truth doesn't exist or science is false just that with every truth there's a limitation or applicability realm that has to be considered.Nice...ENTJs: Easy to converse with. It's almost same thought process so it makes for great planning conversations when you want to talk out loud. Hard to trust of course because "almost same thought process". Like them.

&amp;#x200B;

ISTJs: Huge respect for their awesome knowledge base in subjects that interest them. They really know there facts and have excellent work ethics. Their loyalty is not something I'd count on at all though. I also find things to be very surface level with them. I do think they're brilliant though. Like them.

&amp;#x200B;

ESTJs: Super direct easy conversations, great as friends. Great to work with as long as they're not your superior. Can micromanage quite a bit and drive you nuts just because and don't even have a good reason for that. Not having a good reason is not something I can tolerate though so head butting is common with them. Also if they're your superiors they also tend to have this superiority complex just because which is rather irritating. As friends like them, otherwise neutral.
It is also important to keep in mind that perceiving functions operate subconsciously and judging functions operate consciously / in an executive mode.&gt;&gt; It isn't. It follows a model. Unless you don't know what Jungian typology is.

&gt; What? Are saying that the MBTI is genetic? and therefore predictable?

Missed on the first point there, and also the second.

&gt; What I am saying is that the MBTI is not genetic and therefore unpredictable.

It may be difficult to predict, but it is not random. Something doesn't need to be genetic to follow/form a stable probability distribution.

You seem to think that if something isn't expressed through hereditary factors it is utterly random. That is patently false.

&gt; So lets say I take an INFP...... tell me what type it's offspring will be.

In this case, we have no idea what genetic factors contribute to a personality, if any. Personality of the parent is irrelevant for our purposes. However, we could say that the type of the offspring will be selected from all possible types, each with its own probability. Because we know the statistical distributions in the general population, saying that the child has a ~3% chance of being an intj would not be false. Get a bunch of people making babies and about that proportion will turn out as such.&gt; So lets say I take an INFP...... tell me what type it's offspring will be.
&gt; If you can answer this question with 100% certainty then I will believe you.

You literally just said to forget the genetic stuff...Take a statistics course or read about population sampling.

&gt; EXACTLY keyword chance implies possibility, possibility implies uncertainty.

No, chance implies probability, and P(intj) ~= 0.03That's what I'm saying. Trying to determine the child's personality type from the parent is to say that MBTI is genetic.

Your type is simply the first stable configuration your brain falls into. Starting from an unstable state as a very small child, you stabilize into a lower entropy state. Very similar to protein folding, and it is why it is so hard to predict, but easy to model statistically.

Your parents are just the ones who rolled the dice, they don't have any bearing on how the die lands.&gt; Take a statistics course or read about population sampling.

That's me countering your main argument; read about population sampling to learn why we do it this way, and why it is still fairly accurate.

There is an entire mathematical discipline dedicated to just this issue, you're dismissing all of that work because you feel like it.&gt; no I haven't taken a statistic course. That's kind of ad hominem.....

No, not an ad hominem. I'm not insulting you, I'm saying that if you take a stats course you will learn why you are wrong. Statistics are *not* intuitive. The human brain sucks at figuring out the mechanics of statistics, so it is perfectly understandable to not get it before you've tried learning statistics.

&gt; So what you are trying to say is that just because out of 5000 people 3% is INTJ.

&gt; That is enough to prove that the US/ the world has only 3% intj?

&gt; If so explain the logic behind that.

Yes, it is, but I'd wager that the sample size is much larger than 5,000.

In simple terms, it works because no matter where you get those 5,000 people, it always turns out the same, within a defined margin of error. This would be a confidence interval. We could say, "with 80% certainty, 3% of individuals are always INTJ."

I'm not going to sit here and type out a course on statistics. If you want it explained, take a course. I assure you, there is plenty of logic/math behind it.&gt; How is it that just because you know XXXX number people in one location, you will automatically know that XXXX number of people in every other location will be the same?

You don't, you know it by carefully designing sampling strategies that are mathematically sound enough to give you results that aren't 100% certain, but close enough that it doesn't really matter.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be9e-Q-jC-0BTW, most scientific studies are based on this as well. Scientists can't just test every single member of the population for various experiments. Same with drug design (animal testing?), and plenty of other fields.Because tests are dumb, and people are smart. A test won't be able to see subtle difference like a human, doesn't actually understand what it means to be a certain type, doesn't do anything except manipulate ~100 numbers and add them up. For all these reasons and more - tests suck and people are coolthanks =)Sure. Right now what you are doing is using intuition to compare your Se impulses and a Ni concept of why not to do it. That doesn't work, and you get this situation where you are *split* internally.

For you, the right thing to do is to create a *new* Te concept, one that encapsulates both your Se impulses, and Ni sense of what the responsible thing would be like. Don't try to exclude one or the other, synthesize both into a new framework for doing things. Setup a plan for how you'll satisfy *all* of your impulses, and you should be golden - the cognitive dissonance will go away.You're correct. The analogy only serves the nature portion of personality - nurture is all your parents^(probably) .I'm glad. Hopefully some young I/ENTJs who haven't figured it see this post.Nah, TiNe / NeTi is totally different. I'll get to it. 

Essentially - TiNe finds patterns in the environment and stores it as a logical concept in long term memory.

NeTi produces an action that is intuitively much like a bunch of logical concepts taken from memory.

TiNe types are great at making original observations and systematizing them (einstein). TeNi types are great at absorbing existing systems and producing examples (tesla), or combining them to form a bigger system.

This means E/INTPs make awesome advisors, E/INTJs make great implementors.Yes. My fingers move of their own accord to type this post even though I don't know what I'm about to type. I know - abstractly, but not the wording / conceptual relation.&gt; I think also its the starting with definitions and fitting reality into the model rather than starting with a "real life" scenario.

My model comes from things i notice relating systems of thought. Books, videos, graphic images of neuronal wiring, descriptions of cognitive functions, all just contribute impressions that I assemble into a model later. I notice the model is wrong somewhere almost immediately afterwards, then begin finding more information so I can fix it in a new model.

&gt; In other words, Te is more concerned with "touching" things with the theory than the absolute coherency of the theory itself (the nexus is oriented outward at objects rather than inward towards itself).

Kind of. Te is not just more concerned - it is absolutely unaware of complete consistency unless the theory is actively being absorbed / looked at. Ni handles the consistency part, with its objects of root meaning. As I read through the model I notice what is inconsistent - but only then.

Also, definitely concerned with 'touching' things with the theory. It tries to fit with root meaning items (integrals). That's a great way to put it.

&gt; (even the examples in question followed from an interpretation already assumed to be true; in other words, it begged the question rather than actually starting from einstein or tesla--despite that it purported to do exactly that--this also militates towards being Ti in denial about itself)

No, I was describing their methods of discovery. I don't care about their so called type. Einstein famously saw the apple falling and came up with his ideas from observing that integral pattern in the environment. Tesla iteratively created inventions and 'worked toward' his true objects/integrals.

I don't assume the *model* is true, I assume the *integrals* are true, then keep building models that get ever closer to those integrals.

Check out Kant's critique of pure reason if you haven't - he describes concepts and integrals very well.Maybe not. I don't have a firm grasp of this stuff. I'm working towards it. Every iteration updates the integrals.

However, if you could let me know what isn't fitting for you - please do so. If it's purely an epistemic reason, idk what to tell you. Perhaps I'm insane and am making no sense to anyone but myself. I hope not. However, I can't rule it out. Other people seem to think I make some measure of sense, mostly.

&gt; basically doubled down on the model (with more to follow) 

Not on the model - my understanding of cognition. The model has been discarded twice now. The originals weren't right, so I ceased continuing them. The model itself holds no value to me, only that it properly encompasses my current integrals.

I will actually produce sources and reference checks, I just don't want to go to the effort of citing every other sentence only to create a new model and redo it all again. I am actually linking them though - even if it isn't published in my posts.&gt; underlying each iteration of your model is a more or less unchanging set of assumptions off of which you're building.

Pretty much, although I haven't shared any of them. The assumptions are 'concept 1 has to do with concept 2', in the same way that 'concept 3 has to do with concept 4', nothing more. Again, I'm calling this pattern the integral for now. I 'see' integrals in my memory. They are only rigorized when I write about them - never before, and only on paper. It seems like Ti to you because the expression is conceptual. That is Te.

&gt; each model is judged primarily based on how it conforms to the standards you've basically unconsciously internalized along the way. you'd probably think of them as hard and fast rules of logic, which is a very Ti take on things.

Not even close. The models are judged based on how close they match 'events'. If I notice a place where semantic meaning diverges - it's wrong. It isn't wrong because it is illogical - it is wrong because semantic meaning isn't accurate. I compare sections and form their integral. I compare the integral to the one I remember from comparing other systems. If they match - yay I'm close. If not, then I'm not. This isn't a logical process. It's very much like comparing musical tones to hear discord.

Example: I was reading about protein folding before - and the inherently chaotic folding behavior of proteins struck me as extremely similar to type development. How precisely are they related? They aren't. At all. However, the semantic meaning there - the process by which proteins assemble - has one of the same semantic properties as neurological development. These are the patterns I see. Patterns linking systems. Not systems linking patterns. I create those on the fly and discard them if they aren't semantically correct.

&gt; what you've got here is an almost tautological expression of your own subjective take on MBTI, but the question is "why?"

I'm generalizing the action of cognitive functions. Trying to find the semantic meaning that all observed examples share. I've come up with a new terminology that fits better. Instint, distinct - for integral / differential, intuition and sensing. These are closer, but still not close enough.

I think that the macro structure of cognition is extremely generalized, in reality. There is not this great specificity that psychologists prescribe. Ti does not build logic puzzles. Ni does not view visions. Si does not remember traditions.

The functions evolved in a time where there was no large scale organization. They *must* be able to explain finding patterns and interconnection from random sensory noise.

&gt; which is to say you can make a equation out of what's gone before, but just because its somehow symmetrical doesn't make it "right" or helpful.

It makes it *much* easier to build from if I have generalized actions taken by cognitive functions. This brings the descriptions much closer to their true semantic objects, meaning that what I write will be closer to actuality. The symmetry carries no value to me - it emerges from the patterns naturally.

&gt; Inasmuch as this is a Te view and you're consistently oblivious to it, I can't help but think this cannot be coming from an INTJ (who can't help but think in vastly different terms than whats manifest here).

I really don't think you have as firm a grasp on this stuff as you think you do. Throwing the 'you aren't INTJ card'? Really? Saying I'm not INTJ because you disagree with me, thus I can't be correct isn't a sound argument.

Ni is just as subjective as Ti! The difference is that Ti is concerned with 'concepts', Ni is concerned with 'instincts'. Semantic objects that exist underneath descriptions of many concepts. I can see those objects, and remember them. I cannot remember concept forms.&gt; I think you've so fully mistaken the map for the territory that you really believe your Ti formulations are Ni perceptions. so with that in mind, I'm thinking this is the work of an ISTP, now

Lol, just gonna call me every type in the book? Is that supposed to be insulting, somehow? The only argument you have is that I'm using certain conceptual representations of cognitive functions, *you yourself are doing what you are accusing me of*. You're confusing the map for the territory so thoroughly you see it everywhere you look. Except that this is a byproduct of NiTe, so I'd say its safe to say we're both INTJ.

&gt; in any case, I'd be delighted to see the model advance and hope I'm the shallow one here because that would really explode my horizon

Me too.&gt; hey, it would be consistent with my theory that a big chunk of /intj posters are just ISTPs dunning-krugering their Ni

Lol wouldn't that be great. Here's the thing though, ISTPs don't use Ni like INTJs do, they use it like INFJs do. Ti/Se is their concept learning axis.

&gt; then again they could just be very young INTJs; it can be hard distinguish the two over the internet: teenage INTJ or ISTP making an argument

Maybe I'm an INFJ using Ti/Se lmao. In any case, it doesn't make me wrong, intrinsically.

I'll just slowly advance until it becomes completely insane, or right in the end. Only time will tell. Or /u/relativezen.NiTe, or NiFe?

MBTI: Where the functions are made up, and the order doesn't matter!&gt; its a really "sensory" form of thinking about the issue then a reduction to Ti

Here's the thing with that. Jung never described sensation as physical sensation - he described it as symbolic / abstract symbols. I've renamed it to 'distinct' because it notices and works with distinctions. Still essentially the same thing, but without the 'sensory' connotation. At root, *all* information enters your brain via the senses. This includes feelings, concepts, distinctions, and instinctions.

Then people get this idea that sensation has to do with only the senses, which isn't true.

&gt; Im also thinking youre a fan of socionics because socionics is exactly the method by which they use this way of thinking to appropriate Jungs theories, and in doing so bastardize them. its a really "sensory" form of thinking about the issue then a reduction to Ti

Not a fan, but I see what you mean. I only used their quadrants because they are useful groupings of which types have which functions.&gt; I feel like thats a Sx projection onto Jung's thinking whereby you've shifted the categories and placed Sx into the central position, thus the socionics characterization. 

Hmm. Perhaps then this as a description of SN. 

In intuition, entities are seen to have some underlying subtext in semantic similarity, or root 'meaning'.

In sensation, things are seen as distinct entities of their own, with all semantic similarities consistent only in the entity itself, not as a relation with other entities.

This is one of the pieces that didn't fit in my original model. It was too integrated, I tried to make sensation too similar to intuition  - its literal inverse.

&gt; Thus while some really take to socionics and I understand why I prefer Jung and I don't like what I see as a Sx + Ti conspiracy theory, more or less

I always saw socionics as a kind of rationalization without connection. A sort of knowledge tree that grew from a distinction of the functions as discrete entities. The functions all operate individually, each position is a distinct entity as well. It's all over the place. Functions interact in interpersonal relationships individually - Ni balances Se - that kind of thing.

They even have models where you can place functions into grid positions to show how they work. When function is in position 4d, it acts this way. etc

I agree, this is a wholly sensor POV.

IMO, 'functions' are better described as paths of information travel. Extroverted functions recognize their specific kind of information from the senses - Ne instinct objects (convergent patterns), Fe emotions, Se distinct objects ('symbols'), Te conceptual relations ('logic'). Information flows after this to another - if this function is extroverted the information is converted to that function's representation and sent out through motor control. If the function is introverted, that information is converted and then stored in memory.

Information never stops flowing, the only thing that changes is how it is routed.


In learning pairs the path is as follows:

NiTe

Sensory input ---&gt; Te (concept recognition) ---&gt; concepts ---&gt; Ni (instinct recognition) ---&gt; instinct objects ---&gt; long-term memory

In creative pairs the path is as follows:

TeNi

Long term memory ---&gt; instinct objects ---&gt; Te (concept recognition) ---&gt; concepts ---&gt; motor control

Perhaps our perception is merely an awareness of the contents of a buffer somewhere in this information pipeline. Big perhaps there

How does this look to you? I'm developing my ideas as I read, I don't want to do big models iteratively, there's too much to defend afterwords even when I know it isn't how it works.&gt; I think what comes off as Ti is the use of relations, which, honestly is every introverted function.

&gt; The subtle difference here, as you pointed out in the main post, is Ni's approach in synthesizing the core and differences between two+ stimuli and rendering it to find an operationalized idea. All the processes you mentioned about similarities/differences/overlaps are all filters that Ni-users implement in a backburner way, but it always synthesizes as some main concept or crux.

Yep. FeNi users use these core/differences to create an emotional response, rather than a logical structure. They're verrry very good at that.

&gt; To me, Ti would be the reasoning process that connects disjointed patterns by relating them in some rationalistic connection, in which there is no further abstraction from the stimuli, just that one has an attribute that relates it to the other.

That's TiNe, exactly! TiSe is different in that it connects distinct 'symbolic entities' together in the same rationalistic way.I figured it out. The functions are lobes in the brain.

T is the frontal lobe.

F is the parietal lobe.

N is the occipital lobe.

S is the temporal lobe.

The I functions are the lobes that feed into your direct, conscious experience. The E functions happen outside of your conscious awareness, and feed into motor control. This has something to do with the thalamus and hippocampus.

I'm 100% an INTJ. My vision, eyesight is literally 99% of my entire cognitive perspective. I see motion and time directly. Holy crap. Emotion is also directly experienced by me. The parietal lobe.

I spoke with ENTP, ISTP and INTP about this. They do not perceive it like that *at all*. The ISTP perceives motion and vision but its a 'very small' part of their direct experience. Teriary Ni.

For the INTP, their primary perspective is the executive 'thought tree' with 'sampled' visual information. That sampling is done by the temporal lobe.

The order of functions denotes their relative 'strength' to each other.

I don't think you are INTJ. You seem to be fully aware of Ti, logical relationships, context, you see the 'root assumptions' of my thought process. Is that your reality?&gt; exactly how sensors understand intuition. 

That's how *jung described intuition himself*.

No, sensors do not pay attention to vision. Eyesight. It is a _very small_ part of their perceptive field.

&gt; because you're working backward from presuppositions that frame the functions from a sensory perspective as a kind of axiom.

I don't have *any* awareness of frontal lobe activity like you are describing right now.

&gt; I think the rest of the model flows from that and I could see how it essentially inverts a lot of things, hence you think of me as Ti. 

The fact that you think I think like that is astounding. That is an INTP take to the *max*. You *live* your whole conscious experience in logical structures, linking 'things' which are individual objects moving.

I *live* as eyesight. Eyesight is it. A 3D continuous 'field' of objects moving in space and time. Theres not *any* separation, all are part of a cohesive whole.

I have no conscious 'thought' like you do. My thoughts consist of moving objects. That's it. I can only imagine motion and things I see moving.

I don't perceive time as 'sampled'. I see time as a continous, flowing, stream of information. Raw visual information.No, that's the frontal lobe passing info to the motor cortex. INTJ

INTP have the frontal lobe passing info to the thalamus/hippocampi. INTP&gt; and, just checking here, you realize in socionics INTP is the MBTI INTJ, right?

Yes, I'm talking about mbti terms.

Sensation is different from intuition in that intuition sees time passing directly, as a continuous, nonsampled stream.

I don't think you understand just how rich moving vision is with information. The info density is *incredibly* high. Think video vs picture.http://imgur.com/Bla9n61The introverted functions *are* the extroverted functions. They are the same.

The only thing that changes is whether you *consciously experience* them in your perceptive field.

I have experienced all of my shadow functions. Ne, Fe, Ti, and Si. They are *incomprehensibly* different from my normal reality. So different that it took me a year to figure out what they *even were*.

People think the cognitive functions are slight variations on how everyone thinks like them. It's not like that *at all*. Completely, totally, fucking alien.All of the introverted functions are how you experience *reality itself*, subjectively.

*Jung described Ni as vision.* He meant it quite literally.

You don't understand, as an ENTP, how *dense* moving, live vision  is with information. 2 seconds of animated 'video' in my head can encompass the most complex concept imaginable. Literally anything.

I can watch a crowd of people and just, see, all of their body motion and language, how their faces move, how the dust swirls in the wind, *everything*, *simultaneously*.

For me, vision is not images. It is *dynamism itself*, the study of *time*.

Literally my entire conscious world is just my eyes. My 'me' is right behind my eyeballs. That's it.No!

It is raw and cinematic, and *time* factors into it. It is not the *senses*, it is the *vision*. How it changes millisecond to millisecond! Si is static slices of information. There is no *change* to it unless it is updated.

I do not model the change, I don't need to understand it. I just *see* it. Nothing more.

You get the same information, as Ne. For you, it factors into your Ti model somehow. It is pieced into it as 'intuition' insights. I see the raw intuition.

S is done in the parietal lobe. N is done in the occipital lobe. There is a significant difference.

example: calculus. for me it is just video. Extremely simple. As one object changes another changes in concert. Super simple.

IP networks. Super simple. Just packets moving around, flowing between computers. Packets are objects, changing their contents rapidly. I just *see* it.

Computers. Electrons jumping around on circuits of metal patterns. Super simple. Logic gates and conditionals. Just video.

Programs. Just control flow moving and flowing. Variables passed around and changing as the program progresses!

People! Just moving and changing as time goes on. Responding to what they see and know.

Brains! Just patterns of information flowing between networks of billions of neurons. Simple as pie!Yes. At some point. Soon.&gt; Because what you just described sounds like a Ti model.

For you it does because you use just as much N and T as me. But you *experience* the Ti, I *experience* the Ni.You aren't seeing what I'm saying at all. The standard 'popular' functions are 100% wrong. That's why nobody can decide which ones they have. They have diverged from Jung to the point of being utterly meaningless. You can 'fit' any behavior into them.

&gt; But it's the Se people who have that real-time, dynamical, clear-eyes, everything-all-at-once experience of the world (which I imagine must be very refreshing, actually).

Where did you get this information? It is only true for the *senses*, not vision, eyesight. The senses are a different part of it.

&gt; They, like, notice everything and they're very good at keeping up with it as it changes. 

Only the kinesthetic part! Not the visual, raw, light entering the eyes.

&gt; Can you really say an N type has that level of awareness of the world around them? I'll barely notice anything, dynamical or static, and "have my thoughts in front of me", so to speak.

Yes! You are describing Ti. That's what I'm saying. Ti is your perceptive field. Ne is not in your perceptive field, it is added to your Ti as concepts.

&gt; Not at all like your Ni description, which is more an Se description.

Where did you get this information? It is untrue, based on 'pop culture' mbti. It's wrong.&gt; That sounds like something Se people are doing.

Obviously. Because If you have Ni you will have Se. Always.

I spoke to an ISTP about this. To them, live vision is a *very small* part of their perceptive field. The senses, derived information about 'properties' of things around them were everywhere. They lived in wittgeinsteins world.

The derived senses were much more important to them. Se. Knowing in their Ti model the properties of everything around them, but they had to update it, or refresh and refocus on everything to get new information.

They would have to process away any sensory 'facts' they didn't want to focus on.

To them, the Ni visual field was just a tiny thing, never really the main part of consciousness.Yes. The Se doms know the 'properties' of everything around them. Facts about senses. That thing over there is this hot, has this much size, has this curvature, etcetcetc. They don't experience the properties as things themselves, like Si does.

For me, all of that information is weak and barely known. I only have vision. Live eyesight streaming me the world. For me vision replaces much of it because its so easy to tell with vision. I can tell air temperature just by how it looks. The entire spread of temperature in a massive field on a warm day, in one cohesive form. Doesn't matter how far away, I don't need to *sense* the temperature directly. Just because that over there wiggles stronger than that, the raw *visual* of it is different.

I can see sound. Things moving slightly as the air moves them back and forth.

I can see emotion. Peoples' faces contorting in emotions.

I can see concepts, as words on a page, letters on a screen.

I can see concepts, as diagrams and flowcharts, with motion added by my mind.

I can see properties, as slight variations on visual characteristics over time.

It is all solely vision, my actual *body* senses don't factor into it but slightly.No, it is not my system. It is *Jungs* system. MBTI tried to categorize *behavior*, when the functions are not about behavior. They are *perception* itself.

I got the Ti and Si mainly from somebody else. I have never experienced it, except for a very brief time when I was extremely stressed. Then, I saw how utterly different it was.S is literally sense perception. You are correct. Si and Se differ in the perceptual experience of them. Both types still get the information somehow. S integrates all of the senses past a filter, including eyesight, N gets live eyesight only.No, Se is the *senses*. The senses, as in, skin and smell and sensory feeling.

Ni is the vision. Eyesight. There is a huge region of the brain dedicated to processing vision, for a *good reason*.Lol.

Do you have anything to back that up with? Or is it just empty noise to put me down cause you don't want to understand?No, Ni sees what is always there, and how it could change.

Example: I see a cup on the edge of a table. I just 'see' that it's next to the edge. If it falls, it will *obviously* fall to that part of the image. A 'bird's eye view' of every situation. There's no question, no predicting where it goes. I just watch the path it travels on, and where that path terminates. It's not even a thing I was focusing on at all.No. S is concerned with the senses (sight, smell, taste, touch, etc). S receives derived information, possibly in realtime (Se), I'm uncertain. N is concerned with eyesight only. There is a huge region of the brain *dedicated* to processing visual information for a very good reason.No, it isn't. The functions are *not behaviors*. Socionics and MBTI try to *figure out* which functions you have, not show how they are experienced.It is not spatial awareness. It is spatial *vision*. Eyesight only.

How can the *senses* possibly detect something a mile away? Only eyesight can.

If you don't want to argue this, you shouldn't have started this. I've dedicated a huge amount of time to understanding this stuff, and it matters to me that I understand it correctly.For you, they are! That is Si!

Si 'derives' information about the senses. Look up the temporal lobe.

It 'forms' a complete representation of the details you get from your senses.

That's how it appears to you. Your 'vision' is *internally generated*. Mine is not.MBTI is literally a classification system of which functions somebody has, and which type that makes them. That's all it is. It tries to determine them from behavior questions. It doesn't explain them at all. 

Jung literally described the functions. That is why he had no i/e functions. He saw them for what they *really are*, rather than sorting them into categories.No, that's eyesight. I see it based on how it *looks*, the feeling of heat is *very* different.

Eyesight is a *special* sense. The brain has a *massive* region dedicated to processing visual information, the occipital lobe. Almost as big as the region processing executive thought, the frontal lobe.

The eyes are in the head because it is important to have very low delay between getting the information and processing it. Neurons take time to pass signals.That's just Ne!

Perception is literally observing the world. It isn't perceived in the sense that is subjective. Judging is subjective. Judging is a personal decision. A personal knowledge.

They aren't *from your head*. They come from observing time in the world. That is Ne. The reason you can't see it is because you don't *consciously* experience it. The I functions are all consciously experienced versions of the e functions.

What you see as 'eyesight' is fundamentally different from what I see as eyesight. For you it takes the form of 'symbols', pictures, images. That's just Si deriving properties of vision. Not vision itself.

Your live eyesight comes in the form of 'intuitive' connections in your whole Ti tree of knowledge, interconnecting everywhere. 'Magically' popping up from your unconscious Ne.

For me? It just is. There are no connections, only the vision, the visual field. The connections happen somewhere in the background. I'm unaware of what I know, though people tell me my knowledge is large, and 'organized'. WTF does that even mean? It just comes from my body, my fingers type but I don't see the logical relations of concepts *at all*. This is Te.

The entire visual field is one semantic object for me. The entire situation, no matter the complexity, motion, anything, is just 'seen' through my eyes.:)Thank you for this. It'll take me some time for my Te to process it unconsciously. :)Yes, you are. Everyone is. But only two are experienced always. Some only come out sometimes. The 'shadow' functions.

OR, you are the ubermensch :p.

None of these are clear cut, you can shift the perspectives quite a bit.

One persons 'Ni' might be another persons 1/2 Si + 1/2 Ti. It is extremely variable, because each 'function' is a group of many similar functions.

&gt; "The four functions are somewhat like the four points of the compass; they are just as arbitrary and just as indispensable. Nothing prevents our shifting the cardinal points as many degrees as we like in one direction or the other, or giving them different names. It is merely a question of convention and intelligibility." - "A Psychological Theory of Types," CW 6, pars. 958f." C.G. Jung.They are, but its possible to experience all of them.

The 'weaker' i functions are less part of your conscious experience. The e functions just give you the 'information' about them.

I think the types aren't so clear cut as they are talked about generally.Yes. Ni is literally just seeing the raw input coming into your eyeballs, in realtime.

As ISFP, Ni is probs just a small part of your perception. There's a lot more emotion/Fi as your main perception of reality.

For me? It is my entire reality. Just the visual field, and my 'internal' imagined visual field.Probably. They are totally a mental thing. I also feel how they impact my sensory input, but I don't get 'details' its just one big complete cohesive live sensory input.

That's probably Fi+Se.

You have Fi+Si so its probably super different.Most likely. That's how I feel emotions. And how I see vision. As visceral things.

For me, logic is abstract. I've never observed it directly, as viscera. I just find myself responding to it in a 'somehow correct' form. It feels wrong to me if something is illogical. As a 'wrongness', an emotion. Or I look at it onscreen, and it doesn't *look* right.

The senses, to me, are abstract. I *feel* heat as emotion. I feel acceleration as a literal feeling of awesomeness. I feel braking pressure as just that, *pressure* across my whole body that feels wonderful. I don't have any 'data' about what they are like, just emotional experience. To me the 'senses' are just complex emotions, unique in their own way. I 'see' how fast I'm accelerating, based on how the world changes faster around me.

etcetc

I think the I functions are the viscera. The E functions 'feed' information into the visceral forms you experience.Yes. The motion is change. When something rotates, the image changes. That change is only observed for Ni users.

When something moves in 3D space, that visceral change is only seen by Ni users. Only Ni users actually see the 3D space at all.&gt; What do you think of the socionics idea of "strong but unvalued" functions, especially the inverse of the aux?

You have all of the functions in your stack. Ni is Ne. Ti is Te. Si is Se. Fi is Fe. What differs is whether it is part of your conscious 'qualia' of direct experience.

An INTJ and ENTP have the same level of 'energy' directed to N and N. But the ENTP consciously experiences T as qualia, the INTJ experiences N as qualia. Both direct the same level of energy to both.

What socionics is saying with valued/unvalued is the same as what I'm saying with different terminology, methinks. Weak vs strong refers to the energy consumed, literally. Brain energy, in terms of caloric value.

I think that the difference lies in neurobiology. 

For N:

The Ni function, is when the N part of the cerebral cortex (~occipital, mostly) directs its output --&gt; midbrain / across the corpus callosum. This forms the 'qualia'.

The Ne function, is when the N part of the cerebral cortex directs its output --&gt; other parts of the cortex. No qualia, only 'information'.

The e functions, it seems, are when the cerebral cortex passes information laterally, or to the motor cortex, or both. I'm unsure.

&gt; 1) Do you agree with this assessment

Hmm, kinda. There is huge parallels, but I'm approaching this from the neurobiology standpoint.

&gt; 2) If so, what is it like to experience the inverse-aux function, one that is not generally referred to as "in the stack", but is nevertheless strong?

You can sometimes experience the others as qualia, that is only under stress / emotional turbulence. It is usually very weird and alien and it feels like insanity. Time changes speed, because the functions experience time differently.Si. It literally looks like [this](http://www.makingofapopup.com/images/portfolio/popup-book-11.jpg) to a Ni user. The images are popups. Cardboard. Like a video game where the camera doesn't actually show changing depth, just always seeing the whole depth as one thing. Like super mario 64.

For vision, at least. IDK about the other senses.To an INTP it looks like stuff is 'wiggling'. Apparently. But probably only individual things.

"The more you perceive something the more it changes for you" - intpPossibly, but that's a judgement I would *much* rather not try to make. Too many ways it can go wrong.It is. I don't want to make it so it doesn't get attached to this idea before its fully fleshed out. I'm fully aware of the logic there. I will leave it until there's no doubt, not gonna jump to that conclusion prematurely. *I* don't mind it, but others will flip their shit.&gt; Since we are both experiencing T and S (in that order) as qualia, it seems the only possible difference remaining is the amount of energy our brains give to those functions.

Not really. The 'level' of qualia might be energy of the cortex area, it might be level of communication with the midbrain, it might be energy consumption of midbrain, it could be 'pattern' of information transfer, it could be quantity of signals, it could be literally anything. So many possible variants.Smells like ISTP.

&gt; very realistic person with an accurate self evaluation.

Ti

&gt; But I still don't believe that I know myself when it comes to things like preferences and feelings.

Inf Fe

&gt; I don't have any affinity for the arts whatsoever

Tert Ni

&gt; much less invested in people and society than others

Inf Fe

&gt; are nonliving things, like college, data, games, etc.

Ti + Se

&gt; spend my mind time just processing things and planning for my near future, like which supermarket should I go to after 2 hours and what will I have for lunch tomorrow according to my budget.

Ti

&gt; I can be very detailed and methodical.

Ti

&gt; I'm very organized, difficult to read and detached. I feel entirely removed from everything that doesn't directly include me, like society's problems in general.

Ti + Se, Inf Fe

&gt; I like having a life that is quiet with nothing drastic that could bring me stress and just enough activity to keep me occupied, a goal.

Ti + Se

&gt; I've always prioritized my mood over everything else, and I'm quick to act in order to bring myself out of slums.

Se

&gt; I care about things like principles, image and pride, times where I feel humiliated stick with me for a long time.

Ti, Tert Ni + Inf FeISFP.Yes.No way on ISTP jesus lmao. The parables are dripping with Ni...

&gt; Jesus spoke is parables, metaphors much like The Buddha. So thats Ti.

No it isn't. A parable is a story built to capture the essence of the thing - squarely in Ni territory. An extended metaphor.1. Semantic 'meaning' fingerprinter.

2. As soon as you try describing it it changes, you cannot hold it still for inspection like a judging function.

3. It isn't subconscious, it is fully in conscious perception if it is high up on function stack. It just isn't controlled manually, so it is said to not be conscious.

4. It is not controlled. You cannot 'grab' and manipulate a Ni perception of Ni, because they fade when you start to 'try'; you move into a judging function. Inevitably fails, it is a bird that must be let to fly, you can't grab the bird and try to describe it flying at the same time.

5. Sort of, but not really.&gt; No, Ti is being able to specifically identify and describe the component parts of this system.

No, this is Si.

&gt; The system itself is Ni.

No, it isn't. Definitely not. That's Ti.&gt; (I think) Ni is when you build complex structures in your head, and you "slot" new pieces of information into them. In this way, you are able to get an understanding or a feel for complex systems (such that you can predict how they will behave, or at least feel like you can). [...]

That whole description is Ti, not Ni.&gt; NiFe doesn't seem to be cutting it

NiceI think it's closer to how to emulate a fork with a spoon and a paring knife.You are wrong. Completely, totally, irrevocably wrong. /u/Kbnation has explained why, and is correct in their assertions.You are the irrational one here.For introverts, this only happens when somebody retreats into their mind, with nothing going on outside. I'd rather call it *resting state* than *dominant state*. As soon as something happens in the current situational context the Aux extroverted function takes over control from the Tert.

Example for INFJ:

May sit and ruminate with Ni-Ti, but as soon as there's a spot to apply Fe, Ti tends to break down and be overpowered by Fe. Sitting and working out solution to coding problem? Too bad - coworker looking sad nearby instantly engages the Fe feelings torpedo, unable to concentrate enough to apply Ti.

Example for INTJ:

May sit and ruminate over with Ni-Fi when nothing is going on, but as soon as there is something around to apply Te, Fi breaks down and is overpowered by Te. Sitting and trying to work out feelings issues? Too bad, coworkers saying painfully illogical inanity, must batter with Te brute force hammer of broken dreams, unable to concentrate enough to apply Fi.

Example for ISTP: (let me know if I'm wrong)

May sit and think things through with Ti-Ni when nothing is going on, but as soon as there is significant activity around, Ni breaks down and is overpowered by Se. Sitting and trying to understand something difficult? Too bad, commotion in the break room, must respond somehow to all the irritating noise / 'neutralize the disturbance', unable to concentrate enough to apply Ni.No, this is ISTP standard operating procedure.

Ti 'processes' incoming stimuli, works it out, occasionally Ni will handle a 'non-processable' piece in the background, spitting the solution into Ti automagically.Do you have something akin to processing / thinking through external stimuli and figuring out what is relevant, then further processing that into essential, useful knowledge?Smells like INTP to me; if not then INFJ in a NiTi loop. But probably INTP.

&gt; There have been so many cases where I have handled my emotions poorly by letting them build up and up until I explode.

INTJs don't really have the same mechanism for emotions that Fe users do. For INTJs, emotions are handled by detaching and slowly processing off emotions during alone time. Like flushing a really shitty toilet.

Fe users tend to need to express their emotions, somewhat like opening the 'bleed' on a pressure cooker. Let the pressure build too much and, well, you get problematic situations :).

&gt; A lot of the time I will retreat to my room and just want to be by myself because I find it hard to relate to people and being by myself simplifies things.

That would be Fe, removing yourself from all the emotional stimuli effectively makes it 'gone', dropping you down into NiTi or TiNe if INTP.

&gt; I get so wrapped up in my programming work that I feel even more like a soulless robot and that makes it even harder to type myself; I feel like I am constantly becoming more disconnected from my true personality. I'm very obsessed with programming that I will constantly try to analyse problems I am having and solve them as I walk across campus.

&gt; I usually get intuitive "ah-ha!" moments relating to systems and problem-solving, never relating to finding patterns between people like how I imagine an INFJ might experience.

Yeah that is Ti Ne I think.

&gt; My observation skills when out in the external world are very much lacking but I asked the INTJ subreddit and roughly 80% of them said they have this problem too. I thought Te was about the external world but I'm not sure.

Question to determine Se vs Si:

What is the way you perceive the world?

Do you see everything simultaneously, as in the entirety of your field of vision? When you look at a scene, do you see *all of it* simultaneously and uninterruptedly - or do you have to focus on individual things, objects, etc?

Same with sound, touch, the rest. For sound, this would be an awareness of all the sounds around you. The fan spinning in the background, crickets chirping outside the window, noises coming from the rest of the surrounding environment, that weird whine coming from the computer monitor, etc.

Do you experience your senses as one big 'canvas' updated in realtime? Or do you focus in on only parts of them?

If you have the 'wide scale' sensory experience, that is Se.

If you have the 'narrow scale' version, that would be Si. Si also tends to relate things to memory much more, while Se is completely based on whatever input is coming in 'right now'.&gt; It also demonstrates why I find Ni-dom writing so painfully tedious to read. So much unnecessary expounding, so much verbosity.

Verbosity is the medium of the universe. The way by which points made confusingly obscure can be applied as magnets to the confounding nature of non-reducable conceptual matter. It can draw spirals of ever constricting intellectual masturbation around a point so easy to miss that most will be unaware of its very existence. But rest assured, for the Ni dom knows that their seemingly redundant discourse will eventually draw ever nearer to the ineffable nature in the machinations of the world. A point unnecessarily reduced is the root of an idea killed so surely as to grasp it by its throat and squeeze the life from its screaming lungs. The idea wants to run free; a creature so determined as to not be captured that it offers up a sacrifice to be taken in its stead. It knows that more often than not, this offering to the crude clutches of those who would seek to pin it down is the surest in failure to capture its essence. The Ni dom knows, and takes heed of its clever strategems. It is a chase, but not one that culminates in a capture - for such a thing is impossible in the limited rhetoric available for elaboration. The chase is a dance between the mind and the root, weaving tenuous filaments of lexicon around the dancers, until eventually they are both sheathed in a rich tapestry of glistening threads proclaiming: "Look! Look now! This is the moment we have been dancing around!" It is not enough - it never is - as the dance spins on to the tune of the world; what good could a few steps in that infinite sequence possibly be in ascribing its being?What makes you think you are INTP?Yeah I think I know what you mean. When you are technically 'seeing' and responding to stimuli, but none of it really reaches your conscious brain even though you respond to it with some default behavior.

It's not like the world is grey or covered, it just stops existing for a while.

I actually have some ideas for why this happens, for INxJs. Has to do with the perceptive field of opposing functions colliding. Ni/Se use the same 'shared space' and only one can use it at a time.ISTP, possibly? Ti Se Ni Fe.

I've seen a lot of ISTPs mistyped as INTJs, they use Ni a lot so it is easy to mistake.MBTI isn't about personality, or traits, at all. It is about how information is taken in and processed.

Sure, some people with the same cognitive style might have a certain bent towards certain traits - thought it is by no means absolute that that will happen.&gt; If you could talk to anyone (dead or alive) for ONE hour, with who would you talk and what about?

I would want to speak with a Neanderthal (assuming magical translation device or the ability to speak their language), about anything and everything. A freeform conversation about everything that comes to mind. About life, the universe, about people and nature. I'd want to hear their stories, their mythology, everything they've got.Ah, sorry, meant to reply to OP. :)Because they both use Ni and Se with a tilt towards thinking.&gt; cool as a cucumber

...bathed in hot sauceThat's... not Te.bcuz butthurtYeah but the way the functions work is constantly optimizing towards your 'preferred' functions. The other ones aren't just a little different - they are complete anathema / alien to your thought process.What you are really asking is something different: What makes an extrovert different from an introvert?

The answer is that an extrovert's immediate first step in any cognitive process is to look outwards, towards the current situational context. The introvert's first step is to check their internal models, memories, and other stored knowledge. This isn't a conscious decision, it just happens.

The ENTJ and INTJ use the same functions, but the ENTJ always evaluates the context first with Te, their models second with that information in mind. They still use Ni / Te, but in a different order. It isn't Te&gt;Ni, it is Te --&gt; Ni. Subtle distinction, but important.

The INTp-Te is not the same as an ENTj-Ni, because they still adhere to their type's unique order of functional preference. The Ni subtype of ENTj may put more *weight* on their Ni, but they still start cognitive processes from Te. Likewise with the INTp-Te - they may put more value on their Te function, relative to other INTps, but they still start cognitive processes with Ni.

When you branch to any other type, the way the functions are used begins to change drastically. This is where dominant/auxiliary/tertiary/inferior differences really come out.

An INTJ's idea of Ni is very different from an ISFP's Ni, even though they share all of the same functions. An ISFP using their Ni a great deal more than they usually do does not make them an INTJ, because they still use Ni *as an ISFP would*. Tertiary Ni valued preferentially is still tertiary Ni. Dominant Ni ignored is still dominant Ni. Same for all of the functions.

&gt; But say a shift for your preference from Ni&gt;Te to Te&gt;Ni, which doesn't really sound like it would be alien to INTJs. Would you say that'd make you an ENTJ or simply an INTJ with a preference for Te?

As per above, that would not make you an ENTJ. You'd stay as an INTJ, simply putting a greater value towards Te.Interesting point here - only higher mammals have a significant neocortex, and it would be fairly safe to assume that the cognitive functions manifest in the neocortex somehow.

&gt; Whereas reptiles seem to be a bit less jumpy - perhaps they use a function which better resembles Si, or which is quite alien to us.

Continuing the previous point, reptiles don't have a neocortex, they operate on much lower abstraction level of neural circuitry.Yeah. All the information just permutates somewhere in the background, outside my awareness, until *click* - everything is dead simple. Why haven't I seen it before, it's so obvious.

Later, for other situations, all that information is obvious information that is available, almost like big complex facts I've learned. It gets abstracted away over time. It tends to pop out in novel situations that may apply very quickly.Race --&gt; racist.

Type --&gt; typist.8.

INTJ - Gets mobbed by hostile group.

INTP - Doesn't realize zombie is zombie, gets eaten.

ENTJ - Group mutinies and kills them.

ENTP - Gets sacrificed by group consensus.

INFJ - Creates cannibalism group, gets cannibalized.

INFP - Martyrs themselves without a good reason.

ENFJ - Tries to help zombies, is killed by group.

ENFP - Falls in with wrong crowd, gets killed dead when they want to leave.

ISTJ - Doesn't want to share resources with other group, overpowered because fantasy land.

ESTJ - Starts cult with ESFJ. All commit suicide together.

ISTP - Goes out alone, gets bitten and doesn't tell anyone after killing the offending zombie.

ESTP - Gets cocky, is swarmed by ironic zombies.

ISFJ - Trusts other group with mission critical information. Doesn't say anything. Everything stolen and starves to death.

ISFP - Thinks the power of love will save them. It doesn't.

ESFJ - Starts cult with ESTJ. All commit suicide together.

ESFP - Convinces group to go on adventure, group devoured by zombie horde.Yes. I have had this happen.

Se Ni for sure. It's hard to explain to someone who doesn't perceive time the same way.

Sort of like a 'popping out' sensation and everything stands still, the current state of the world around you suddenly becomes very very present and real;  everything else is gone from your awareness.

I get it a lot when riding through a good twisting road on a motorcycle. One with the machine.*Ne*on&gt; Does this mean that this type of person is more concerned with obtaining information than with using it?

Close, but not really. "Using" information is something we have to define. When you use new information, what do you do with it? For INTPs, primarily you'll get information through Ne, seeing possible connections, plausibilities, etc - and then you rigorize it with Ti. Fit it into the framework, somehow. It has to 'fit' with all of the other pieces in the framework.

This doesn't necessarily mean physical action, an introverted judging function decides; it checks, thinks, and uses information only if it passes quality control with the rest of the framework. So, taking in information through TiNe is basically "let's look at all of these possibilities, try to add them into my framework, and if it doesn't work with the framework we change the framework or discard the information".

For INTJs, quality control happens in the other direction. We take in information only if it makes sense, in a very granular way. Quality control happens during the input phase, we think about what a piece of information means, its logical structure, how it works *in its own context*. There is no checking against the entire framework of knowledge. Once we have a nice, self contained 'logical nugget', we drop it into Ni. Ni is like a pool of possibility bubbles.

Because we have already ascertained, beforehand, that each logical nugget we throw into the possibility bubble pool is correct by itself, we end up with a massive pool of reasonably plausible bubbles. Each idea or piece of knowledge in Ni is like a possibility generator with infinite capacity.

They can be taken out and mushed together. Because they are possibility bubbles, and not rigorized concepts, they are extremely generalized. One possibility bubble can apply to tons of different situations, things, whatever. Just mush them together, make sure the mushed together thing makes sense within itself, and we have an immediately applicable structured concept. The concept can be an action, explanation, implementation, whatever you want - on demand.

INTP - Rigorize external possibilities into an internal framework. Remember the 'thought out' form.

INTJ - Abstractify external concepts into an internal possibility pool. Remember the abstract 'possibilities' form.It really is unsettling, especially when you consider that every type has their own variation of this whole process, possibly two due to the tertiary and inferior functions. Ahh, cognitive functions.

TiSe types will rigorize realities. Real stuff and properties of the world that exist, in big branching trees of knowledge. Not quite as spaghettified as TiNe. Check out Wittgenstein's work for a look at that perspective.

SiTe types will do some weird generalization where they get 'reality bubbles'. I'm not entirely sure how that is subjectively.[The ENTJs at War](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O_8cYg5x98)American MarySeems like:

Pi : Merkle Tree

Ji : Trie

[Well...](http://i.imgur.com/9WATFOk.gifv)Well, going by the original work by Jung, that is the determining factor in introverted functions vs extroverted functions. I is subjective, E is objective. Being subjective doesn't mean it isn't accurate though.

Ne is oriented around the awareness of potential in objects, things, of 'outside reality'. It doesn't know what things are, in and of itself - it depends on a subjective function for that (healthily), like Si/Ti/Fi.

Ni is oriented around the potential in 'everything as I know it'. It gets tainted with a subjective lens, if things are known in Ni that makes them subjective - the Ni user becomes aware of things through an objective function (healthily), like Se/Te/Fe.Honestly, I agree with the INFPs assessment.

Sure, the outcome might have been wrong, but if you are acting on the best information you have, in the best way you can with that information, then you aren't really acting incorrectly - even if it turns out that you were wrong because you lacked information. If you later get new information, *update your actions to reflect it*, that doesn't make you wrong retroactively. It only makes you wrong in the current context, ignoring the context the prior decisions were made in.

In hindsight it's easy to say that something was wrong, but I think it would only be wrong if you did it again now, with all of the information that came after making whichever decision you made. To ignore that factor is pointless, it doesn't accomplish anything. That would imply the rightness of something in the past varies every second of every day. Why agonize over it, when the past doesn't actually change?

Acting on the information you have is the only thing any of us can do. Judging your actions by information you don't have yet is counterproductive.

I think this idea is very similar to rationalization vs rationality, as described [here](http://lesswrong.com/lw/ju/rationalization/), in that if your forward flow decisions are correct in the context you made them in, they remain as such. Going back and saying you were wrong when you made that decision would be a variant of rationalization - when you now have more evidence to reject the conclusion, but you couldn't have made the alternate conclusion with the evidence you had.&gt; At this point, scientists might not know much about how the brain does stuff computationally, but I would be interested in finding out how the brain structures data.

I highly doubt that the brain actually uses data structures like those above, it just seemed like a good analogy for the high level concepts of how the functions store information. On a low level, things aren't really stored atomically, more like sparsely coded activations of synaptically linked neuron groups. I'm actually working on an implementation of some brain-derived memory / computational algorithms at the moment.

Here's an interesting [diagram](http://interstitiality.net/BD/fullBrainTake2_L.png) of the connectivity in a mammalian brain. [Source](http://interstitiality.net/BD/brainEngDiagram.html)

As far as the trees, I'd say the key point I was trying to make is that a Trie stores data based on how it relates to all the other data in the structure, but a Merkle Tree stores data based on what it is - the hash signature of the contents. Feels like an apt comparison to judgement and perception.&gt; trying to create more efficient computational algorithms that are modeled off of the brain.

Kinda. From some early phase experiments I've run these kind of algorithms solve problems that are *really* hard to solve using classical algorithms and data structures. There's a ton of really cool emergent properties that arise when you start scaling up.

&gt; since a brain is pretty far removed from how a regular computer works, would using the brain as a model be effective?

From a hardware standpoint you really have two outstanding issues when talking about the brain. Quantum computers have their own set of problems that don't overlap with either brains or classical Von Neumann machines. Neurological information processing is still essentially a classical computational system; albeit with vastly different low and high level organizational properties.

The first big issue is that brains are extremely decentralized and massively parallel. Neurons are in effect atomic 'processing units' - every neuron does its own processing, ensembles of individual  neurons express progressively more complex algorithms, ensembles of ensembles of neurons go further, etc etc. Turtles all the way down, with every single atomic unit doing its own thing. When you start getting into billions of neurons, the computational complexity of trying to model that kind of system in a standard architecture at even a basic level is astronomically high.

The second is the memory requirement. Neurons connect with other neurons through huge networks of trillions of synapses, and the topology of the system is such that to simulate it in a standard computing environment with any kind of efficiency you have to keep all of those connections in *ram*.

Quick napkin calculation: Assuming a modest 50 trillion synapses (humans have more) - if you could store each synapse with 24 bytes, that yields ~109 TiB of required memory. That's not counting the neurons themselves. Now, to get any kind of a usable system you would be updating this entire network many times per second... you get the idea. It's very very computationally and memory intensive.

On a brighter note, the algorithms are still startlingly effective at much smaller network sizes. The above problems only come into play if you are trying to model entire brains or massive networks, which isn't actually necessary for useful results.

&gt; So likewise, wouldn't you have to have "brain-hardware" for the brain-derived algorithms to be more effective?

Yes and no. The algorithms work just fine on classical computation, there isn't anything special about them like quantum computers have. For speed? Hell yeah. To actually get hardware support with massively parallel 'brain style' processors would be awesome, but the algorithms need to be worked out before that can happen.

What is really cool about the neocortex in particular is that it is relatively uniform. The basic cellular structure is very similar throughout it. This means that if an accurate model of a small section of neocortex is developed, it should be theoretically possible to build generic neocortical compute units in silicon, and scale them to huge sizes with some kind of shared memory architecture. Kinda like CUDA cores in Nvidia GPUs, though different in significant ways, of course.

This is a big deal in hardware right now, there is quite a bit of research going into the design of this kind of hardware. [One example](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueNorth).How you see the world is directly related to *whatever* your dominant functions are. Ti, Ni, Fi, and Si have similar utility in that regard.

E - All of these functions are 'panoramic', though they focus on different aspects of the world.

I - All of these functions draw lines in the sand through which the individual orients their understanding of what is around them.

Ni is concerned with the potential in things you carry around with you, in your mind. Ne is concerned with the potential of the things around you, in the objective world.

You see the world through Se or Si, you become aware of the potential in it through Ne or Ni, find out how it can be used through Te or Ti, and how it should be received through Fe or Fi.&gt; Si and Se are about the past and present respectively.

From what I know, Se and Si are about what *is*, Ne and Ni are about what *could be*. Both of those aspects persist to the past and present. As in, what *could've been*, or *what was*. I'd say N definitely has a leg up when trying to predict the future. Not trying to be 'typist', but that is the defining advantage of intuition according to its nature.


http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Jung/types.htm

Se
&gt; Accordingly, all objective processes, in so far as they release sensations at all, make their appearance in consciousness. It is, however, only concrete, sensuously perceived objects or processes which excite sensations in the extraverted attitude; exclusively those, in fact, which everyone in all times and places would sense as concrete. Hence, the orientation of such an individual corresponds with purely concrete reality.

Ne
&gt; Just as extraverted sensation strives to reach the highest pitch of actuality, because only thus can the appearance of a complete life be created, so intuition tries to encompass the greatest possibilities, since only through the awareness of possibilities is intuition fully satisfied. Intuition seeks to discover possibilities in the objective situation;

Si
&gt; Subjective sensation apprehends the background of the physical world rather than its surface. The decisive thing is not the reality of the object, but the reality of the subjective factor, i.e. the primordial images, which in their totality represent a psychic mirror-world. It is a mirror, however, with the peculiar capacity of representing the present contents of consciousness not in their known and customary form but in a certain sense sub specie aeternitatis, somewhat as a million-year old consciousness might see them. Such a consciousness would see the becoming and the passing of things beside their present and momentary existence, and not only that, but at the same time it would also see that Other, which was before their becoming and will be after their passing hence.

Ni
&gt; Whereas introverted sensation is mainly confined to the perception of particular innervation phenomena by way of the unconscious, and does not go beyond them, intuition represses this side of the subjective factor and perceives the image which has really occasioned the innervation. Supposing, for instance, a man is overtaken by a psychogenic attack of giddiness. Sensation is arrested by the peculiar character of this innervationdisturbance, perceiving all its qualities, its intensity, its transient course, the nature of its origin and disappearance [p. 506] in their every detail, without raising the smallest inquiry concerning the nature of the thing which produced the disturbance, or advancing anything as to its content. Intuition, on the other hand, receives from the sensation only the impetus to immediate activity; it peers behind the scenes, quickly perceiving the inner image that gave rise to the specific phenomenon, i.e. the attack of vertigo, in the present case. It sees the image of a tottering man pierced through the heart by an arrow. This image fascinates the intuitive activity; it is arrested by it, and seeks to explore every detail of it. It holds fast to the vision, observing with the liveliest interest how the picture changes, unfolds further, and finally fades. In this way introverted intuition perceives all the background processes of consciousness with almost the same distinctness as extraverted sensation senses outer objects.

&gt; Since the unconscious is not just something that lies there, like a psychic caput mortuum, but is something that coexists and experiences inner transformations which are inherently related to general events, introverted intuition, through its perception of inner processes, gives certain data which may possess supreme importance for the comprehension of general occurrences: it can even foresee new possibilities in more or less clear outline, as well as the event which later actually transpires. Its prophetic prevision is to be explained from its relation to the archetypes which represent the law-determined course of all experienceable things.

Jung was pretty wordy.I don't think it is a function thing at all, but a human thing. Taking responsibility for your prior, 'wrong now' actions - even though they were right at the time, and continue to be right in that older context - is just being a mature human being.

I think you may have slightly misunderstood my intent; the fact that you were right at the time doesn't mean you shouldn't take responsibility for those prior actions if they later turn out to have been wrong with more information, but it also doesn't invalidate them retroactively.

Consider this (simplified) case of a person charged with violent crime. During their trial, there is insufficient evidence (none) to convict them, and the judge lets them go free for that reason. Later, the violent criminal brutalizes some poor person, and at the same time new evidence is found for their previous crime.

Did the judge act incorrectly; were they wrong retroactively? Would it be fair to judge the judge's decision on this *new information*? If the judge had convicted that person with *0 evidence*, would that have been the correct way to proceed? I think that the correctness of the judge's actions don't change, because the past is the past, and the action is set once it has happened. If the decision was made in light of all the evidence available at the time, what more can be done? How much more right can you get?

Now, the Judge was wrong, in the current context (post second crime), but he still wasn't wrong back when he originally made the decision to free the person being charged. To act on information you don't have would be the incorrect action, even if they were actually guilty. Does that make sense?

This example is kind of out there in terms of scope, but the idea is the same.Yeah, that only points to [Pi Fe] functions though.Nice, limited engagement through maximum predictive efficiency. The one true path.

&gt; "prevent trigger troubles"

triggered

I get this effect when I'm doing something, it's as if my mind unconsciously 'fast forwards' from a point in time and I get the end result. Very useful.It isn't limited to value judgements. There's two types of 'wrong' I'm trying to distinguish. The first is actually, objectively wrong if you are omniscient. The second is if you make a choice in the wrong way.

Take this from a logical standpoint.

You have Option A and Option B. Option A has a 20% likelihood of being correct, Option B has 80% likelihood of being correct. It would be the logical choice to choose Option B. It turns out Option A was what you should have chosen. You were still *correct* in choosing Option B, it would be stupid not to. Option A would have been a terrible move, even though it may have paid off this once.

Option B is wrong in the 'omniscient' sense.

Option A is wrong in the 'decision making' sense.

You wouldn't kick yourself later, when presented with Option C and Option D, similarly unbalanced, saying "oh, last time I picked the higher probability, I should pick the lower one this time!" Your decision making skills are sound, the higher probability is the correct decision every time even though it doesn't actually end up being the winning answer every time.

If all of the knowledge you have when making the decision is [P(A)=0.2, P(B)=0.8], option B as a decision was correct, that doesn't change just because A happened to happen.

The issue comes in when you try to judge people off of the omniscient standard, when you should be using the decision making standard.&gt; That (bolded) is actually the more basic issue here. I see little to no reason* to try to judge people. I am interested in judging actions.

That's a meaningless distinction, in this context. Judging the decision/action is what is happening here, regardless of the personal identity of who made it. When you extend to the person, it is the same exact evaluation 'attached' to a person.

Replace the above with this, and the meaning doesn't change:

&gt; The issue comes in when you try to judge *decisions* off of the omniscient standard, when you should be using the decision making standard.

I see what you mean, but it doesn't actually change the premise at all. A decision isn't a result just floating around, the inputs and mechanism matter.I do see what you are trying to say. It's not rocket science.

I'm saying that you are mischaracterizing my argument. In no place am I judging a person, I'm judging the process used to come to a decision. A sound decision making process is sound even if it comes to a wrong conclusion.

I'm not making any kind of 'humanistic' argument. This is coming purely from rationality and decision theory. Take a computer making decisions and the same argument applies.Turbulence is Big 5 neuroticism.Sure, but it isn't due to function differences between us.Sure, but it isn't due to function differences between us.Half-joking / half-serious. I think using the functions as a catch all a priori justification for disagreement is disingenuous and inaccurate.Same.http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Jung/types.htm

Read the Extroverted Sensation Type and Extroverted Intuition Type parts.&gt; My point is, MBTI has been showing up everywhere for me like no other concept really has. [...]

I think these essays are on point for this particular issue:

http://lesswrong.com/lw/lm/affective_death_spirals/

http://lesswrong.com/lw/ln/resist_the_happy_death_spiral/

http://lesswrong.com/lw/lo/uncritical_supercriticality/

I'd highly recommend reading [this chapter](http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Jung/types.htm) from Jung's original work, especially the last part, which may answer some of your question. Personally, I don't think that 'the MBTI stack' is as set in stone as it is purported to be - though much of the interactions between functions are indeed a thing.

Basically, according to Jung, the functions tend to repress their opposite. Judging functions will repress the opposing judging function, and perceiving functions will repress the opposing perceiving function.I wouldn't say that MBTI is a worldview in that sense at all, it doesn't assert a natural or supernatural origin, per se, of any cognitive processes. It merely makes distinctions between those that can be seen, splitting them into their affective methodologies.

Well, the cognitive functions are actually, at root, parts of the soul. &lt;-- supernatural

Well, the cognitive functions are actually, at root, complex interactions of neurobiology. &lt;-- natural

Well, we have these cognitive functions that behave like this, and these other ones that behave in this other way. &lt;-- NeitherHeh. My favorite is [the sheep one](http://www.yudkowsky.net/rational/the-simple-truth/).Ni - Observing how you observe the potential in things

Ne - Observing the potential in things

Si - Observing how you observe things

Se - Observing things

&gt; Whereas introverted sensation is mainly confined to the perception of particular innervation phenomena by way of the unconscious, and does not go beyond them, intuition represses this side of the subjective factor and perceives the image which has really occasioned the innervation. Supposing, for instance, a man is overtaken by a psychogenic attack of giddiness. Sensation is arrested by the peculiar character of this innervationdisturbance, perceiving all its qualities, its intensity, its transient course, the nature of its origin and disappearance [p. 506] in their every detail, without raising the smallest inquiry concerning the nature of the thing which produced the disturbance, or advancing anything as to its content. Intuition, on the other hand, receives from the sensation only the impetus to immediate activity; it peers behind the scenes, quickly perceiving the inner image that gave rise to the specific phenomenon, i.e. the attack of vertigo, in the present case. It sees the image of a tottering man pierced through the heart by an arrow. This image fascinates the intuitive activity; it is arrested by it, and seeks to explore every detail of it. It holds fast to the vision, observing with the liveliest interest how the picture changes, unfolds further, and finally fades. In this way introverted intuition perceives all the background processes of consciousness with almost the same distinctness as extraverted sensation senses outer objects. For intuition, therefore, the unconscious images attain to the dignity of things or objects. But, because intuition excludes the co-operation of sensation, it obtains either no knowledge at all or at the best a very inadequate awareness of the innervation-disturbances or of the physical effects produced by the unconscious images.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXsQAXx_ao0Considering all perspectives gives us the leg up on the One True Perspective^tm .No. Impossible. This violates the sacred laws of MBTI, it must not be allowed to continue. Sever contact at once. ^^^^/s&gt; minimal stylistic sense with perfect aim

&gt; casual insight while engaging in Ni stare

&gt; realizes the potential error of disclosing mbti know

&gt; carefully measured nonchalantness with randoms

&gt; mods break the essence of the game

&gt; has ENTP swooning

This isn't your average everyday INTJ, this is advanced INTJ. Yeah but Ni is totally a novelty function. It's just that it seeks novelty in a very focused way. The extro judging function is the key.^ Something like that. It's like looking at one of those optical illusions where there is an image embedded in the noise. All the pieces are there but until you shift your awareness you can't see the image they make, aren't even aware it exists. Once you've seen it, it becomes obvious.

http://imgur.com/a/YZDRTRead psychological types.

Chapter X can be read [here](http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Jung/types.htm), which covers much of the important stuff. I'd recommend reading the rest as well though.ENTP is what I think.Nah, Jung explicitly stated that nobody would rely on only one function, excepting the very rarest cases. M&amp;B simplified and formalized his typology.If you read past the 8 types, you'll see this bit:

&gt; In the foregoing descriptions I have no desire to give my readers the impression that such pure types occur at all frequently in actual practice. The are, as it were, only Galtonesque family-portraits, which sum up in a cumulative image the common and therefore typical characters, stressing these disproportionately, while the individual features are just as disproportionately effaced. *Accurate investigation of the individual case consistently reveals the fact that, in conjunction with the most differentiated function, another function of secondary importance, and therefore of inferior differentiation in consciousness, is constantly present, and is a -- relatively determining factor.*

...

&gt; Experience shows that the secondary function is always one whose nature is different from, though not antagonistic to, the leading function : thus, for example, thinking, as primary function, can readily pair with intuition as auxiliary, or indeed equally well with sensation, but, as already observed, never with feeling. Neither intuition nor sensation are antagonistic to thinking, i.e. they have not to be unconditionally excluded, since they are not, like feeling, of similar nature, though of opposite purpose, to thinking -- for as a judging function feeling successfully competes with thinking -- but are functions of perception, affording welcome assistance to thought.Eh, I'd say this is much more reminiscient of Ne+Si and Ti. OP is probably xNTP.I'm making a new model of the MBTI cognitive functions, and I'm at the point of creating useful insights for all types. Thus, I'm starting a series of posts on how each type can most effectively contribute their unique skills to society. Yay!

These instructions are for learning and creating *systems*, and the operations described are usable by INTJs, ENTJs, ISFPs, and ESFPs.

## Ni Integral
Integrals. The semantic similarity between two or more objects. The space between. The semantic overlap. The way they are linked to each other, intrinsically. What part of them describe the same root thing.

The integral no longer describes any of the things that went into its production, but describes all of them via their relation.

## Te Concept
Concepts. Causal relationships. Gravity pulls things down. Books open and close. Jumping strains the kneecaps. Buttons produce output on a screen when they are pressed. Beliefs. Children don't care for propriety. These 'things' happen in relation to each other. Sequences that produce expectation. This --&gt; means --&gt; that.

# *Learning Concept Integration* - Ni(Te...)
In *learning concept integration*, the preferred operation of INTJs, concepts observed in the environment are *integrated* with each other, and the integral produced is stored as a *memory*.

Users of this operation may feel as if they are learning nothing, because they cannot remember specifics about what they learn. This is crucial to its operation, and is what makes it so amazingly effective. Don't fret :). This operation works by noticing how concepts are similar to each other, and describe part of the same root thing.

## How to use
This operation requires observing systems at play. You will not learn anything by rehashing stuff in your mind. To most effectively use this function combo, you will need to cycle between the various systems you are looking at. Keep all of the stuff you are trying to learn *visible* and in your immediate perception. After a cursory read through, start to compare sections together. Look at one section, then another, then another, and then another. Try not to read in order more than once, you will learn far more effectively by making seemingly random jumps between the things you are trying to learn. Read, understand what the content means - then jump to another concept. (note: reading is not required, merely observing concepts. These can take any form.)

After this has been done for some time (your choice), don't read anything and let the information *stew* in your mind. You want to be relaxed, and, if possible, sleep on it. Later, you'll find that it is ready to be utilized by this next operation. However, the information is usually immediately usable if you choose to.

# *Creative Integral Synthesis* - Te(Ni...)
In *creative integral synthesis*, the preferred operation of ENTJs, known integrals are combined in a *synthesis*, and the produced *concept* is applied to reality in some way. This can be through action of any kind - writing (what I'm doing here), speech, personal action, task execution, *whatever*.

Users of this operation may feel as if they don't really know something, and then surprise themselves by producing a wonderful explanation or implementation. This is because integrals do not contain the original concepts, but can recreate new concepts that encompass the whole idea from scratch whenever needed.

## How to use
This operation is most effectively triggered by inconsistency. When an inconsistent or incomplete system is noticed, the user will immediately feel a 'bringing together' of various very abstract *integrals* in their memories. Begin performing the task, answering the question, or whatever you are doing. When something *needs to be done*, Ni will supply the necessary information to create a solution from scratch, rather than recalling a stored solution. Don't try to predict what you will need, just build the solution. The details resolve themselves as you move along. In a complex system where planning is required, build the plan in this manner, then perform each step of the plan in this manner.

Once the task has been completed, a crucial step remains. You need to go back and learn what you've just done with Ni(Te) to notice any errors. Perform the learning exercise by looking at various parts of your own work, as well as a written or visual representation of your goal. Jump randomly, soon enough you'll notice what you did wrong - and this will inform you how to do it better for next time.

When there is no goal actively being worked toward - Te(Ni...) still activates. This results in a daydream, a sequence of events or concepts unfolding in your mind, rather than in the outside world. It will feel like a *totally plausible* situation.

Good luck! 

INTP/ENTP are coming next.Here I'll explain the cognitive functions, from a subjective point of view. You are the subject.

## The perceptive field

The perceptive field is what you are aware of as 'life'. Everything you are consciously aware of, the 'viewpoint' from which you experience life, that is what I'm calling your *perceptive field*. Everything you've known your entire life, the total *normalcy* of your experience as a living human being. This is the perceptive field. Your very *reality*.

## Cognitive functions

The cognitive functions denote what part of your perceptive field is visible. The order of your cognitive functions is how important each part of your perceptive field is to you. How 'important' that part of your perceptive field is in relation to the other parts.

## Introversion / Extroversion of functions

When a cognitive function is introverted, like Ni Ti Si Fi, you consciously experience that function as a living, moving, part of your perceptive field. You quite literally see it as part of your experience of living. Constantly. Always. It is the *norm* to you. Something you have grown used to as the definition of being a live human being. This is not true. Other people *experience* life as completely different. Their subjective experience of living is fundamentally different from yours.

When a cognitive function is extroverted, like Ne Te Se Fe, you do not consciously experience that function as a living, moving, part of your perceptive field. It 'just happens', somewhere in the background. To somebody else. Not to 'you' the person, just your brain doing things in the background you are entirely unaware of.

## Ni

Moving eyesight. Change. If you can see things changing, in a 3D cohesive space, that is Ni. In Ni, everything is video. Constantly changing video, of objects changing their properties in real time. Ni is direct conscious awareness of the eyesight as a major part of the perceptive field. A live stream of video, of 3D space and objects moving and changing their visible properties in that singular, cohesive, space.

If this seems totally normal to you, if this is something you thought *literally everybody* has, then you are probably dominant Ni.

If this seems stupid to you, if this seems like something that would be *terrible*, you do not have Ni as a main part of your cognitive functions.

If you have ever experienced this only briefly, this 3D space moving vision, as something where the more you look at an object the more it *changes*, that is Ni somewhere really low on your stack of cognitive functions. Shadow Ni. It is weak. Dominant Ni users see this for every object, always, the entire field of vision coming into the eyes.

## Ti

Thinking. Literally. Knowledge and concepts and a tree structure of knowledge. If you are aware of the things you know, literally. If you experience thought as the main part of your perceptive field, you have Ti. Ti is the knowing, it is the connections. If you can actually *experience* connections of knowledge, relations between contexts, ideas, all of this, you have Ti.

In Ti, everything you know is experienced as a traversing tree structure of concepts and knowledge, you have Ti, probably somewhere high up in the stack of functions.

At some times you may notice that some of your tree structure of connecting, parallel, concepts suddenly 'fills in' with new connections, that is Ne supplying information about the world to you. You are only aware of it as connections, you do not see the *changing* of vision objects.

## Si

In Si, information about vision and the senses is brought into your perceptive field in static form. Images, static, unchanging. Cardboard plaques, photographs, pieces from a popup book. This is Si. Symbols. Unchanging things that show you the true form of what *is*. Not how it changes, how it *is*, always.

If you experience eyesight like this, you have Si somewhere in your stack. If these images of the world and its objects is your main awareness, you have Si somewhere high up on the stack of functions.

I'd need an ISTJ or ISFJ to help me with this description, I have only ever experienced it briefly, as a very weak form that is probably a long shot from the real thing.

## Fi

Emotions. Direct awareness of emotions, how they feel as *sensory input*. How the heat flushes your face. The burning flames of anger erupting from a pit of hell. The raw, felt, emotion of life. In Fi, emotions are felt directly, as they are processed by your mind. Immediately. There is no ignoring them because there is *nothing else*.

If when you become happy, you feel a glorious *freedom* like anything is possible. If you *feel* the world expand before you, though nothing truly changes, that is Fi. 

If when you are sad, it crushes everything else you know, everything you see, just a bottomless *pit* of despair and emptiness. This is Fi.

If when you feel love, you feel the *heat* of fusion between two souls. This is Fi.

I'd need an INFP or ISFP to help me come up with better descriptions here. If any see this, I'd be delighted if you could help out. Fi is only my 3rd function, and as such is less visible to me.

If these kinds of sensations are the main part of your perception, you have Fi somewhere high on your stack of functions.

## Endnote

I'll follow up with much more detailed descriptions and how you can tell exactly what 'position' a function is in, and figure out your type that way.

I will also explain how it feels to have *extroverted* functions, however they are harder because they manifest in one of your *introverted* functions, so it seems as though the introverted and extroverted are the same. They are not. I guarantee it.
We're four girls sharing a house: INTJ (me), ISFP (whom I already knew from secondary school), ISFJ and ESFP (who's just left). Works well in general, although ISFJ has left a few passive-aggressive post-it notes when one of us forgot to buy toilet paper/washing-up liquid because "I was the one who bought it last time". I tend to wash their dishes when they've been in the sink for more than two days, ISFJ is the one who cleans the floor most of the time, ESFP was messy and had her stuff all over the house, ISFP's room is a disaster but she keeps everything else pristine. 

The three of them had been in the same class together for two years and were already friends. They are very social, we eat together when we're at home in the evening because they want to talk about their day, they like having people around so we throw a party every other month or so (in MY house - and most people were strangers to me at the beginning): it was a bit of a shock at first ;) But ultimately I think it was good for my social and listening skills - that's why I moved in in the first place. (Sometimes, when I am really tired, I eat in my room though.) They're really nice and having them around was very comforting at the times when I felt overwhelmed by my studies. I was miserable the year I lived alone, but now we watch Game of Thrones and Daredevil together :) ISFP is a true friend. ISFJ and I will never understand each other. ESFP was really cool but her lifestyle and mine were so completely different we didn't have much to share. The three of them got along splendidly. That's because they are. And it's a good thing: they're not very good at doing stuff anyway ;) Most of the people I see in real life are S, because life is about real-world experience. It favours a sensing approach.You really sold yourself as an INTJ in your first post and almost had me convinced. But judging by your responses to other people's answers, you are not a TJ. Not an INTJ, not an ISTJ. Too many smileys, exclamation marks and "oh it's okay if... I just...".
You have no idea what Ni is about. It has nothing to do with predicting things. That would be magic and magic doesn't exist. And you seem to have a limited understanding of Si which makes me think you have it lower in your function stack. I don't know about the rest but INFP is a strong possibility.


So my advice to you would be : find an unbiased description of all the types and functions  (including the ones you don't currently relate to) and see what fits. Michael Pierce's YouTube channel is a goldmine. Watch the videos about the function axes first, then those about the types. If you still don't know which one resonates with you the most, find book or film characters you relate to (not the ones you like, not the ones you wish you could be, but the ones whose flaws and limitations you share and whose actions you have replicated to some extent). And see what funkymbtifiction says about them on tumblr (have a look at her posts about functions too but if you're not sure of your type it won't necessarily help). Have fun on this journey :)Re-reading my message I realise how hostile I sounded. I apologise, it's not the kind of thing you want to read when you've made the effort to expose yourself to the remarks of strangers and when you feel unsure about who you really are. 
I was serious about the functions videos though, they are remarkably thorough and objective (unlike me). That is the beauty of Ti-Fe!I'm sorry, I wasn't expressing myself clearly: I just it makes sense to me that, from an evolutionary point of view, there would be more people who are naturally aware of their environment than people spending their time thinking about stuff, because having a lot of them wouldn't benefit society as much. 

But the main reason I'm writing this is because most people I see around me are sensors. I can't tell you if it's 55 or 70% because the people I interact with are not a representative sample of society, but there are clearly fewer of them. 

This is as unscientific as it gets but you can also look at the characters in films aimed at the general public: most of them are sensors because the probability that the viewers will relate to them is higher. (Occasionally they'll throw in an NFP for giggles.)I'm not upset but judging by her performance in New Girl and her body language in interviews I'd say she is an FP. It's like watching her carrying around a sign with "EMBRACE THE AWKWARD" written on it ;)Sometimes your body language betrays them, the same way your words do. 

Edit: see this old [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4licqy/two_isfjs_video_sidebyside/) where someone made a video about the body language of ISFJs. And [the one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOJDmobz9sA) about ESTPs. There is definitely something. You are right, this is one of the possible pitfalls. The only way I use it is by way of comparison: my little sister and my housemate are both ISFPs, and I noticed a lot of similarities in the way they carry themselves, where they prefer to stand at a party, how they sit when in the presence of five strangers vs. when they're just with me. The day I meet someone who does all these things, I'll think "hey, there's a possibility he/she may be an ISFP" and start looking for the functions. But it could happen the other way round: I'll type someone as ISFP because of how they talk about what they value etc. and later on notice that their body language is different. And I'll amend my "ISFP database" to match my findings :)This is so perfectly accurate. Especially the part about ENFPs, ISTPs, INTPs. No one senses people's dark side like the INFJs :DI watched [Downfall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Downfall_(2004_film) a few days ago. This film was incredible. If you ever want to know what evil Ni is like from the inside, spend two hours with Hitler in his bunker. The worst part is, being a Ni-dom myself, I could relate to how he was portrayed...Wow yes.SF and NT live in different worlds. However I've noticed that I get along with almost every ISFP I've met (and most INFPs too). I think it is easier for us to get each other, given that we consciously use Fi and Ni. It is easier to have a conversation, even full of misunderstandings, when you have an idea of what the other person's internal world looks like. I see what they're getting at and just try to phrase my thoughts in a way that will appeal to them, trying to emphasise Fi over Te, and using Se as much as I can in my otherwise very Ni analogies... 

Can you do that with ESFJs, working your way through Fe and Ne? Isn't it harder for you to communicate with SFPs than it is with SFJs?I enjoyed reading you and related to a surprising amount of the things you wrote, so I guess that makes you an INFJ :) I usually have an allergic reaction to ISFJs, at some point they'll always say something that will make me want to rip my eyes out. 

(ISFJs, it's not against you. I just can't help it. And I know you feel the same way even though you'll never admit it.)Welcome to Ni-land :) And yes, it is an HBO show, but you absolutely have to watch it!TBH I knew you were in a bad place from your original post. A lot of distractions (Se!) and social isolation. I did that a little last year, when I felt trapped in my studies and couldn't bring myself to do anything, because I hated everything I had to do. It was a vicious circle and I tried to escape it by bingeing on films and series for hours every day, to the point where it made me feel nauseated and bored. And I'm not easily bored. 

I can't help you, but discovering your type should be the start of a journey of self-healing. See a therapist if you feel ready, or at least try to reconnect with your Se and Fe by taking long walks outside and making time to connect with people. Best of luck. If you are an INTP you share a dominant function, so that could be an explanation. 

But I see no Ne/Si in him, only indicators of Se: he is willing to take physical risks, he's good at improvising, he reads people very quickly and has an eye for detail, he has a strong body language and gets violent when he loses his temper (eg at the police station, slapping a coworker who insulted him) or when he senses that threatening people will make them talk, not to mention the substance abuse... All things my INTP friends would never do. Their Ne makes them playful and more prone to engage in a battle of wits. *Especially* if I really cared for them, and if it were my first time experiencing such strong emotions. And being gay would just make it worse. If he is focusing on his career, all he probably thinks about must be along the lines of "I have no idea where this is going, it's going to fail because I suck at feelings, and if I try I'll have to come out and it may affect my plans for the future, so if this relationship is doomed why jeopardise the only thing I'm good at, my career?" Of course this is very unhealthy and negative. I'm really sorry it happened to both of you. He's an immature INTJ freaking out. Hence his paranoid reaction to you telling your family about it: his secret is out and he wasn't the one who chose to disclose it, so he feels things are already out of control and he resents you for it. Same here. It seems to me that it comes from Ni-Fi decisiveness. NPs and FJs seem to struggle more than we do.+1 about SFJ men being "fatherly figures". 

I thought one of my classmates was just a nice ESTJ until I realised how Fe his motives were. They're pacifiers. 

Assertiveness varies according to the individual, which explains how the more self-confident among them can become really popular, when the ones with lower self-esteem quickly fall into the pushover category.My ESFJ mother and my ESFJ friends pick up on languages very easily. They remember phrases and colloquial expressions and speak as much as they can when they meet a native speaker (one of the reasons why they make such fast progress is because they practice whenever they have the opportunity). They consider it a form of respect, too: I show you I care by taking the time and making the effort to learn about you and your culture. 

My ENFP friend and my ENFP aunt were quite good at languages at school because hey, speaking a different language is fun and you get to learn about a different culture! But they never worked on their own after that, language in itself does not interest them, it is only a means of communication. They don't care about grammar or sounding like a native, and they improvise when they don't know a word or when they need to explain a concept. My friend only became really good at English after she dated an English guy for 8 months because it took out of her "winging it" zone. 

ENTPs tend to be the same. 

The INTPs I know struggle a bit with languages. They overthink the grammar and have a hard time communicating in general even when their writing is OK. 

The ESTPs have no fear and speak even when they only know three words, because it will make them look cool. Spend a week in Italy? They'll find a way to joke with the restaurant owner or whomever and will get the address of the best/cheaper/more exciting things to do in the city. It's impressive. 

One of my INFP friends has started learning languages several times because she was getting all nerdy about, say, Korean videos she was watching on YouTube (INFPs are the kings of finding weird videos on the Internet btw) and decided it would be cool. No need to say she never went through with it. My other INFP friend was good (like the ENFPs) but stopped when it was no longer required of her to take language classes. None of them will speak in public unless someone's life is at stake.

My ISFP sister and my ISFP housemate are good but you'll never know it. They learnt by watching TV series and hated language classes. They won't speak unless nobody else knows the language. They're very shy and self-conscious. 

The ISTP I know is not very different, just more lazy than self-conscious. He learnt a lot on his own thanks to websites about the things he was interested in, just in a foreign language. He doesn't sweat the details and uses a lot of colloquial expressions.

The STJs I know are good at languages. The ISTJs sound more native because they pay attention to the nuances of the language. ESTJs tend to be more formulaic. Both remember vocabulary and grammar rules very easily and made the most of their language classes. The younger ones like working on their own, with textbooks, shows or books in the original language. None of them (including my grandparents) would ever travel to a foreign country without learning at least a few basic expressions. It's common sense to them, as they know being polite and communicating with the natives is the only way to get an "authentic" experience. 

ISFJs are okay but they will only learn a language if they really need to, if they're moving to a different country for example, because it will impact their future social life and they want to blend in. They're terrified at the thought of committing a social faux-pas so they tend to stick to a more formal register. 

The NJs I know (including myself) love languages for their own sake. The ENFJ, much like the ESFJs, would die if she couldn't communicate with native speakers, and the ENTJ needs a reason to start working (because he's going to Germany, because he's taking a class and needs a good mark, etc.), but we are all fascinated with etymology, how languages can influence each other, how a certain expression can reveal the collective unconscious of a nation (if you want to understand the English, see the word "common" as it is used in the phrases "common sense", "common decency" and "common good"). 

I'll use myself as an example: my university offered Russian classes for beginners. I immediately signed up because I had always been fascinated by the "Russian soul" I had got a glimpse of through Russian literature (lame way to put it, but I wanted to know more about how they think, how their vision of the world differs from mine, what life is really like in Russia, etc.). I was a good student because learning the language felt like a treasure hunt. I'm still a beginner, but when I was offered the opportunity to go to Russia for a 3-month internship I immediately said yes - I won't have to work in Russian, though, which helps. I'm leaving a month and I want to make the most of my stay, so I study on my own with a textbook full of dialogues (I learn better by ear) and use Memrise on my phone for grammar and declension drills (I can't consciously remember rules, so I have to reach the point where they feel natural to me). But I didn't know that when I first started the language. Intellectual curiosity was enough. 

[Edit: forgot the ESFPs] I know an ESFP who decided to learn Icelandic because she liked the culture and decided she needed to go there. She taught herself and was probably more excited about planning her trip than she was about the language, even though she has a background in literature and history. The ESFPs I know won't learn a language if they don't have the opportunity to visit the country, it just makes no sense to them. They need action and, conversely, they'll think you don't really care if you don't feel the need to see for yourself what it's like in that country you're learning about. Are you referring to the comment about IxTJs having Ni? Because you were wrong about that, but I can't remember whether I downvoted you or not. Extremely interesting and comprehensive survey. Good job Ti. I expected no less from you. My ENFJ best friend once literally told me: "I can't stand it when someone doesn't like me. If that happens I'll go out of my way to make them like me." ENFJs are Fe-doms, reading people is what they live for. On Facebook they seem to live the perfect life. There is a manipulative side to them, too, because they know what makes people tick. Most of the time they use to ensure everyone gets along and the conversation runs smoothly (eg in my group full if IxTx nerds), but if they're bored or don't like you they will do social experiments on you. Think how Madame de Merteuil manipulated Cécile de Volanges in Dangerous Liaisons. Think of Emma Woodhouse (especially how she is portrayed in the [Emma Approved](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeeXkf8LZ_8&amp;list=PL_ePOdU-b3xcKOsj8aU2Tnztt6N9mEmur) webseries (currently re-watching it, it's brilliant), even though there is a slight possibility that she may be an ESFJ), as extreme as that character may be. 

My ENFP friend is very outgoing and likeable as well, but she cares about being accepted for who she is (Fi-aux). People are drawn to her because of her authenticity. She's more quirky and does not really care about looking hot/neat. When she talks to people she tries to establish an emotional connection, and she freely expresses her political and religious beliefs - always with a laugh, of course, but she will not hide her true colours. 

At parties, the ENFP just ignores people she doesn't like and does her own thing with her friends or new people she's interested in, because she's there to have a good time, whereas my ENFJ friend is really good at... faking interest? Parties are her time to shine and she wants to make sure everyone sees how cool and popular she is. It's almost a challenge: being the alpha female. Then she comes back to me and we criticise every little thing about them because we're heartless bitches. (Twice a year.)

The differences between Ni and Ne are huge as well. Look into the functions, it will help you :)I couldn't possibly tell you why, but you strike me as an [ESFJ](http://bit.ly/1BE5y6m). So much natural light-heartedness... Definitely a feeler, 70% a Fe user. Which might explain why you struggle with typing yourself. Most probably a sensor, too. 

I can't help you much more, so all I'll add is: read up on the functions! And have fun on this journey of self-discovery :)I bet he's an ENTJ haha.INTJ?! I can relate to a scary proportion of what you've written and you seem to be describing what I go through when in a Ni-Fi loop. I'm biased though. The only other possibility I can see is INTP. Oprah is an ESFJ, actually. Hence her preachy side. Well you saw it too, since you said he's an ENTP. Which is possible, even though he sounds less restless than the Ne-doms I interact with. Reading his post reminded me of the two ESFJ guys I know and I just wanted to share that. I didn't mean my post to come across as an arrogant "this is your type so don't argue with me" statement. 

You clearly have put a lot more thought than I have into your analysis of OP. And since I read he has tested NTP several times you may very well be right. No need to be aggressive because I overestimated the importance of a function. This was illuminating. Thank you. Please tell me you're an ESTP and that the hours I've spent reading about MBTI instead of studying weren't a complete waste of my time ;)To say it quickly, I thought I saw Se and Ti in the straightforward and concise way you write, from how active you are and your impatience with sterile arguments, poor logic and complainers. Which now that I think about can be found in all ExxPs. 

I just wanted to see if I could get your type right from this hunch and didn't analyse your post in depth. Now the world can see this is not how you should go about it ;)&gt; Perhaps it's the fact that many protagonists in media tend to be this type?

Interesting. Do you have any examples? I was under the impression that ENFJs were underrepresented in fiction. I'd love to know more of them!

Incidentally, ENFJs aren't too good, they're too smooth... Nobody can hate them, not even the people who write the type descriptions ;)Non-representative sample, anyone?I usually see Rose typed as a Fi-dom, but ENFJ makes a lot more sense!INTJ. Self (4.43), musical (4.14), language (3.57). 

Not surprised, except I didn't think "self" would be so high up the list. I need to go learn some social skills... Let's hope it is ;)I suppose the real question is: are these jobs ideal for *you*? That's what MBTI is for after all :)Thank you for sharing that. I only have one ISTP friend but I see exactly what you mean. Bored, stuck and depressed ISTPs are frightening (see: Rust Cohle in True Detective). Nothing can distract them from their own thoughts. And they're not the kind of people who feel better after a hug (or are they?...) or ever asks for help, so friends and family don't often provide the support they need.

It's true you're too cool for school. Doesn't automatically make you happy :(I don't think a family of ENTPs would even have a house anymore.Are you aware that you've just insulted him? ;)INTJ. 

Introvert: ISTJ (= me with social skills and no existential crisis).

Extrovert: ESFP (or ESTP), although ENTJ would be fine. Or ENFJ. Or any other extrovert. God, I wish I were an extrovert. 
Why? Does your tert Fe often get you in trouble? I thought it was yet another part of your bulletproof self-confidence: charm the people who could harm you. Are you saying you have weaknesses? :D... of course you gave them names. These Ne-doms.Do you think you're a good person?

Do you like people for what they are of for what they make you think about?

Would you rather spend your evening with 2 good friends or 10 cool people you don't really know or like?

What would be your ideal career?

How good are you at flirting?

What makes you wish you weren't a feeler (if you ever do, even occasionally)?

What do you like about your friends and what are their types?

That's a lot of questions but I am so curious! My best friend is an ENFJ and there are things about her that still surprise me. You are one of my favourite types... but I know you're hiding something from us ;)Google Clint Eastwood, I'm sure you'll find something. Extroverted thinking: [Oh No (Marina and the Diamonds)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cr-SqRWImmI)

Introverted feeling: [Boats and Birds (Gregory and the Hawk)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRPyoPGO2vo) and possibly [Fix You (Coldplay)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4V3Mo61fJM).One Sentence Life Guidelines are so ridiculously me... Thank you for pointing it out! (Btw they annoy my friends to no end. INTJs, we need to stop doing that.)INTJ : each one of Solal's monologues in Belle du Seigneur (the book by Albert Cohen, not the painfully watered down and poorly acted version starring Jonathan Rhys Meyer), but especially the one where he seduces Ariane by deconstructing the idea of love in a strikingly Nietzschean way. 

Nietzsche's hallucinations are good too if you're looking for unhinged Ni. 

Can't think of any Fi novels though. Bella from Twilight is allegedly an INFP but the books read like regular ESFJ fanfiction. I read that Neil Gaiman was an INFP but I haven't read any of his books, maybe you could try one!

Anyway this is a very good post, I'll be sure to read A Clockwork Orange to understand the (uncannily numerous) ESTPs in my life. The film was brilliant but I suppose the book has more to offer. I second Orwell, why didn't I think of him. [Here is his take on class distinctions in England.](https://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/o/orwell/george/o79r/chapter8.html) Half-autobiobraphy, half-ponderation, with Ne lightheartedness. Unlike FJs, he's not trying to right a wrong, but you still know where he stands - Fi values that he tries not to push on you in favour or a more dispassioned, Te description focused on accuracy (Te-Si). He lets you free to come to your own conclusions, like a wise grandpa. The Lighthouse felt very INFJ to me in that it kept alluding to things and actions and feelings without actually saying anything, like an endless meditation that feeded off itself. Very Fe and Ti. (Also it is my ENFJ friend's favourite book of all time.) But then it isn't a first person narrative. If you want to make a profit, you'll eventually need to hire an ENFx.I know, it's like suddenly the world tells me: "Hello! I'm alive!! And so are you! There is so much we can do together!"

Pure bliss. I feel unstoppable for a few minutes. 

Shame it doesn't happen more often. Same for ISTJ [Natalie Portman](http://aws-cf.ados.fr/prod/photos/7/5/4/7999754/3725366/big-3725366b7d.jpg?v=6). Type her name on Google images, her eyebrows almost never move. Haha same. I went for logic, because Pride^TM.

But we all know the truth.A Ti-Ni loop looks like Rust Cohle from True Detective. This is... disturbing. Which probably means it's accurate. Guess I don't miss not having Si then. It could explain a lot about the SJs in my life. I, too, think you are an ISFJ! For all the reasons stated above. Your writing style and the way you describe your motives is textbook Si-Fe. 


The first tell was "I see things in shades of grey, nothing is as black and white as it seems". Lol. Every person in my life who's ever told me that has been an SFJ. Probably because you sometimes think in black and white (Fe: there is an accurate way of telling right from wrong) and then catch yourself doing it? Same thing with "I can be pretty analytical", the feeler version of our INTJ "I can be pretty emotional" ;)

It is clear you have inferior Ne from the fact that you can't settle on a type even after extensive study, and from your restlessness with languages. Your inferior function is the one you best use for recreational purposes, in a safe environment, for short amounts of time with no expectations. Hence why you didn't commit to a specific language at first.

For comparison purposes, my inferior Se makes me want to go for a run once in a while, because "look, I have a body and I'm sure it can do amazing things!". And I'd never say I was "interested in languages" before I had seriously started one, because labeling interests (from the start) is a Si (maybe Ti?) thing. I'd say "I've been doing  Y since Z amount of time" and would probably give a Te metric for readers to assess my competence ("last year I spent two months in country X" "I can read the press in Y language but literature is too hard" "I built object Z in my garage").

So, pretty clear and balanced ISFJ. Welcome to this sub and don't forget to flair up! :)Hahaha. Could you be any more Te-dom. I see you, ENTJ.

You relate to ESTJ because of your dominant function. 

You relate to ESTP because you're assertive and risk-taking (don't underestimate the importance if your tertiary Se). 

You relate to ENTP because you're social and you like to mess with other people's heads sometimes but for completely different reasons. Just head off to r/ENTP. You'll have a laugh and then need to go back to doing something productive with your time. 

You relate to INTJ because we see the world through the same filter and analyse it with the same tools but ultimately we value different things in life because we don't give our individual functions the same weight when making decisions. Also, since it is the only Ixxx type you relate to, you can't be an introvert.

You are officially a future Master of the Universe. Could do worse. 

(Edit: I withdraw my Master of the Universe joke. They're annoying but I have yet to come up with an alternative greeting. Suggestions welcome.)Don't forget the ISFJs. They're the worst because mistyped (often insecure) ISFJs put all their self-worth into this label. The only person I know who took the official MBTI test was a co-worker two years ago. Tested INTJ because she's a huge nerd and then loved reading how intelligent and insightful she was on her type description. The intuitive (and thinker) bias is real. Pro tip : people who like to refer to themselves as "sleuthy", who "see patterns" and "know how X feels even though he won't say it out loud" are very likely ISFJs. 

Having Si-Fe and being (in my opinion) rather obtuse made it impossible for her to consider that the test wasn't reliable. I tried to tell her about the cognitive functions but at that point MBTI was a shiny new hobby for her Ne and she wasn't willing to dig deep. Also since we share no functions I struggled to explain things in a way she would easily understand. I was also fighting hard against my natural inclination to depict SFJs in a not so flattering light. I eventually got frustrated and let her believe whatever she wanted to. 

The problem is she probably is spreading her flawed gospel everywhere now. We tried to type our co-workers and she told me our two bosses couldn't possibly be STJ (as I suggested) because they are so smart and focused on the big picture. Duh. I hope they are, they're overseeing a hundred people. And I'll never forget the time she showed me that sheet of paper where she had designed her knitting pattern *stitch by stitch* giggling "that's such an INTJ thing lmao" (because of the "plan" thing). Actually, that was the most terrifying use of Si I had ever seen. (She's 30 by the way.)

Sorry, this was a rant about mistyping that turned into another rant about ISFJs. My point is: mistyping sucks but it's the MBTI's fault. We can't blame people when we give them flawed materials and make the initial barrier to an already complicated theory impossible to overcome.Because I've never experienced it. It feels to me like Big Brother watching itself. I don't want to be paranoid about myself. 

Maybe that's why my ESFJ mother always takes it personally when we doubt her word. "No, I didn't leave the keys at home! I remember giving them to X, *I'm not crazy*!"Yeah freaks me out too!It feels like reading something written by my ISFP little sister - and I'm the INTJ one :) She has anxiety too and I love her to pieces. I understand how important that relationship is to you. 

You "want" to be an INTJ because you see her effortlessly using functions you're not comfortable with (Te and Ni). You admire what they can do but it drains you to use them yourself. When you do you never quite reach the result you had in mind. 

You are a Fi dominant. Fi users yearn to be understood and accepted as they are, especially by the people you like. Sharing your feelings is not a Fe prerogative. 

You are a Se-aux. Your sentences are short and factual and you state observations and real-life examples in detail. Si would be more reflective. 

Your tertiary Ni is where the overthinking comes from. It's the function that makes you stare into the bottomless abyss of your own insignificance. 

Te is difficult for you. Since it is your inferior function you avoid using it as much as possible, i. e. "I only accept things that are logical to me". When Fi doesn't like what it is hearing, it has no problem dismissing rational evidence. 

So, ISFP. I send you strength over the internet. Anxiety really sucks. I definitely think it is your anxiety speaking. You end up overthinking every thing you say and do and feeling afraid of what is outside your safe bubble. This sounds like stereotypical (and very unhealthy) Si, when in fact it is something any type could feel. Your introspection is not Si. It's partly Fi, but mostly being human and having anxiety. 

Si is like a mental spider web : everything you've ever been through or heard of is located somewhere on that web. You know, when a fly gets caught, the spider knows where is is because of the vibrations it sends out. Well Si is that, except it uses the web as a way to store memories. The memory of your grandparents is located next to that of winter because you spend Christmas at their house, and next to the concept of singing because your grandfather loved music. So thinking about Christmas or listening to a friend telling you how much they love singing makes the "grandparent" spot vibrate. You have formed an emotional connection to facts. It's sometimes like having a list of facts about people and situations, like when my ESFJ mother tells me "you *always* forget to switch off the lights in the corridor!" even though I left home four years ago and now switch them off properly everytime I'm home. It only took her one instance of me forgetting to switch them off for her to reactivate that memory. And Christmas means a lot to my ISFJ roommate so she recreates that feeling by decorating our house in December and doing christmassy things. 

The other reason why you don't have Si is because I can't see any Ne. A Si-user writing your post would have gone on elaborate tangents ("maybe I feel this because... but on the other hand...") and would offer several contradicting anecdotes. You don't. You just throw a pile of objective facts and hope some meaning will emerge from them. That's Se with lower Ni. 

You might not feel like a "badass" Se-user, but Se (especially when it is not dominant) is not only about taking risks. I can't describe it properly unfortunately. I'll have to use a comparison between my ISFP sister and a few SJs/NPs I know about how they pick their clothes. My sister wants her outfits to look "good" (and she decides what looks pleasing to her eyes, it's an immediate reaction of like/don't like). She sees a top, or a skirt, and evaluates it for its objective properties : colour, texture, size, etc., before trying to find complementary pieces. It's like composing a painting : you need to find balance between each component (size, colour...) to achieve your look. The girls I know who use Si and Ne care about how their style will be perceived : "this skirt looks like it is from that show or time period! I like that show or time period, so I like the skirt too. Maybe wearing it will me feel connected to that show/time period. That idea pleases me. And maybe people will be receptive to that vibe I give off, and it they like that show/time period we will feel a connection." This is very awkward and exaggerated but it is the best analogy I can think of right off the cuff! 

If your native language is French maybe I can help :)Sorry, I can't help with your Si vs. Se dilemma then! I will just stick with my initial gut impression. 

But you're not an ISTJ. You're a Fi-dom, that much is obvious. So ISFP or INFP? Well, as I said earlier, I see no signs of Ne. If you have time, the best source I can recommend are Michael's Pierce videos on YouTube. He describes how each type sees the world, function by function, while also taking time to describe their particular "flavour". 

[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUiLIrK7RmQ) is the ISFP video. [There](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZJsVyJptCM) you'll find an "ISFP revisited" video he made recently with added information. 
The INFP video is [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BpPVeP6FUI), and the "INFP revisited" is [there](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgZsN8nh2AE). 

He also made a [video on Se vs Si](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IViJ_WDaTjw), but it might be too abstract for you if you relate to both. 

Please tell us when you find your answer :)Did you watch the ISTJ/ISFJ ones?What do you call "passive confidence"? I had never heard it described like that before but I think I know what you're referring to. Is it smugness? standoffishness? a mix of both? Why does it rub you the wrong way? Could you please elaborate on your dynamic with INTJs? 

Since you asked the same question: ESFJs annoy me when they act like their caricature, aka the dumb judgemental hypocrit middle-aged fat Christian woman from the Bible Belt (Maxine Fortenberry from *True Blood* is the worst example I can think of). When they act like they're everyone's mother/elementary school teacher and feel entitled to tell people what is appropriate or not in a social setting because apparently their standards apply everywhere (sometimes the majority disagrees, and good luck enforcing your standards on a room full of Te/Fi users - or N-doms). And some (stupid) young ESFJ women have this uncanny ability to blame their problems on other people. (I know, because they vent to me and I have to just shut up and nod.) Not taking responsability for your actions is hardly ever a quality but, to a Te user, it is almost a deadly sin.

Additionally, there are a lot of you in the world, therefore a lot of immature ESFJs that give you all a bad name (you rarely come across a terrible INTJ because you rarely come across an INTJ, period). 

(You seem like one of the open-minded, mature ESFJs I know IRL, so I am very interested in what you have to say. I'm trying to see things from your point of view, too.)Thank you for your reply! Agreed on the magnets repelling each other, except for some reason my most frustrating intertype experiences were with ISFJs, because we look similar enough that we expect each other to be like ourselves... With ESFJs at least there is no surprise. Also, I have an ESFJ mother so I probably got used to your ways to some extent (I even let another ESFJ turn me into her friend - there's no better way to phrase it).

LOL about the constant updates. They are as useful as they can be irritating! 22/INTJ/F. My ISFP sister tells me I live in a monk cell. I just never thought I could invest money or time into making my room look good. And I probably won't until I get a place to live in for more than 2 consecutive years. I'm playing devil's advocate here, but is there a way he could be an ISTJ? I haven't seen it suggested yet. 

I don't know enough Russian to get direct type "vibes" from him, but he wouldn't be the first STJ politician with a strong vision (Charles de Gaulle and probably Winston Churchill come to mind), usually drawn from an ideal past. Putin does refer to a traditional "Russian way" a lot, which of course serves his propaganda, but wouldn't an NTJ be more likely to sell a dream to his population ("This is my vision for a glorious future and that's what we'll do to get there!") rather than emphasise all the time how reasonable he's being ("Russia has always been a great country, we're not being aggressive, just taking back our place in the world")?

The main reason why Western politicians don't understand him is just their ignorance of the Russian psyche. So Putin could very well just be a "traditional" Russian head of state seeing the world through "traditional" Russian glasses (because he's not doing anything really new, geopolitically speaking). And the way he dealt with the Orthodox church lately looks more Si than Ni to me, given that he himself is not religious. He has that intuitive understanding of how society works and what you need to do to have the people support you. 

In any case I'd love you to elaborate on how your understanding of Russian culture helped you type him! Thank you very much, these are brilliant examples! You're right, the first one has a very loud Si-Ne inner dialogue (so many jokes and backstory...) whereas the INTJ's text is sharper, with Ni-Se only using his own story as an example after 1) having stated the point of the blog post and 2) having made it clear that each situation is unique etc. 

I'm sold on Putin being an INTJ then :)Kill me now. I love the fact that you took the time to write every single thing that bothered you on that picture. Te bulletpoints FTW!Really? I am surprised.So ENTJ it hurts. It's like you're describing my friend.

[Edit: Te-dom]Hmm, you're right. My ENTJ loves messing with people. But it depends on who he's talking to: most of the time he just subtly makes fun of/insults them in a way he knows they won't notice (but his friends will). When with our ENFJ and especially INTP friend though, he can get into endless, ridiculous pseudo-philosophical debates, mostly making up his argument as he goes along because he just wants to troll the INTP. 

But I imagine there are different flavours of ENTJ. The guy OP is talking about shows too much drive and determination to be an INTJ, and he seems averse to traditional Ni-dom "contemplative" activities. 

If I had to suggest a possible other type I would go for ESTJ, which seems likely now, re-reading the description... (Even then: I know ESTJs who could debate *at* you for hours. Which slightly feels like they're trying to crush your soul for being so WRONG.)How come no one mentioned the SFJs? IME, they come in first place, even before INFPs (and INFJs). I love the first season of True Detective. I'm 99% sure the writer is an INFJ, or at least a Ni-dom. Ni is everywhere in the dialogues, and especially in [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8x73UW8Hjk). Watch it if you're confused about how Ni differs from Si. 

Notice how Martin can't even comprehend how Rust can meditate about the Christ without being a Christian, how scared he is of this vortex of introverted intuition. That's because he is a Si-dom. It's been a long time since I last watched the show, but ISFJ is a strong possibility. (By the way, not all Fe-using men are crybabies.) Look at [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RfUj09pWfM) for example, where he clashes with Rust over his detached way of insulting people (which he does not think of as being "insulting people": he is just being observant - Ti+Se). 

I believe Rust is an ISTP who lives in a world of Ti-Ni nihilism because of his depression. The first rant was particularly Ni, but the bit about how [time is a flat circle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKRksnjSxWI) was pure Ti. And [that one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbcwAPZycGE) sees his inferior Fe come to the surface. 

Yeah, I've seen some INTJs talk about it, but I've never experienced it myself. They'll talk about how they research this or that topic and then never get around to actually learning to do the thing because they think they can already do it and they know what the outcome will be. I always found that to be... arrogant? I guess I've had it happen enough times where I found out I didn't actually like the thing, or it was harder than it looked and I wasn't actually good at it at all, to think that I for sure know how it will shake out without actually trying it.

I find that treating all your "intuitions" (for lack of a better word) like a science experiment helps with that attitude. Typically if I'm insisting I already know how it's going to turn out, it's because I don't want to do the thing in the first place, lol.I rarely engage with art on an emotional level. I have an eye for design and an appreciation for technical excellence, but in order for me to "get" whatever emotion is in a piece, it has to be *extremely obvious*. To that end, I've never particularly enjoyed abstract art. Like paintings of a giant red rectangle. Why? If there was some point to this *I'm never going to fucking get it*. And since abstract doesn't necessarily need to be good technically, it doesn't normally rank very high in my esteem.

Oddly enough, most of the art on my walls in my house are geometric abstracts, lol. And one of my primary hobbies heavily involves making abstract geometric patterns.

So basically idk what's going on with me.I've got that typically emotionally-retarded INTJ thing going on where I know generally if I'm upset or not or happy, but I can't articulate exactly what I'm feeling without some serious processing time.

That said, I apparently instinctively emote without being super conscious of it. One time my boss came into my office to talk to me about a particularly difficult meeting we had just had with a coworker. He was wondering if he was doing something wrong and he was like "Can you talk to her?" And my eyebrows *raised* at that and he immediately backpedaled and told me I didn't have to talk to her about it. Damn right I shouldn't have to do that, but it probably would have taken me at least a day to be able to process and articulate why it upset me.

Thank god someone is paying attention to my face. &gt; 1) What is your type? How sure are you of your type?

INTJ. I am 99% confident in my type.

&gt; 2) How old are you?

28

&gt; 3) What are your parents' types?

I don't know. Both are introverts, and I think my mother might also be an INTJ.

&gt; 4) What is your job? If you are in school, what is your field of study? If unemployed, what did you study/enjoy in school?

Web developer

&gt; 5) Do you have a significant other? What is his/her type?

Nope.

&gt; 6) Do you have any children? What are their types? If you don't have children, do you want any children? How many?

Nope. I don't actively want children, but I am not opposed to the idea of having one or two.

&gt; 7) Do you drink alcohol? What are you like when you drink?

No.

&gt; 8) Do you use any illegal drugs or substances? If so, which ones and how frequently? For the sake of this question, this includes illegally obtained prescription drugs (Adderall, etc..) and weed even though weed is legal in some areas.

No. Not even once. Addictive personality, yo. I'd rather over eat and over shop than have to kick a fucking drug habit.

&gt; 9) What are your favorite tv shows and why do you like them?

Shit, I like Star Trek because I'm obsessed with it. I also like stuff like Downton Abbey. Things with a lot of character development interest me. I get bored during action scenes. In things like Daredevil I'm like, yep, another gratuitous action sequence, wake me back up when people start talking again.

&gt; 10) Are you religious in any way? Explain as much as you feel needed.

I'm definitely not an atheist, but I don't subscribe to any major or minor organized religion. Ideologically I'm probably closest to being a Quaker. I also believe in reincarnation, but not the karmic "come back as a fly" sort.It's been awhile since I was in school, but I check pretty much all of those boxes except low grades and weed/alcohol. And also my IQ test was an actual real one. ahahahahahahaha lol.5/40 - honestly seems a bit low? I'm just not in SwagMode today. And some of them were like... both true? Like "I can live my life how I want" and "People sometimes can't live their lives" how they want to or something. And I'm like, yes, both of these things are true.Pidgeot, for sentimental reasons.Shit the shirt/jacket thing is twigging my Te out and it's not even dom.I cry at 90% of Call The Midwife episodes. I have to decompress after every single one pretty much.

I have a reliable crying trigger for anything that's "inspirational" (which kind of sucks because people think inspirational things are good). If it's someone being nice to someone else, I tear up.

What I don't cry at is suffering and death and like all those horrible things everyone expect you to cry at because they are so horrible. I cry at *nice* things.

Seriously, I've had to swear off Chicken Soup for the Soul books.
I strongly agree with you on your ideas on emotional maturity. It's not about magically blocking out negative thoughts, just not letting them mess with you and remembering that they will go away, and are therefore not impactful on how you live your life.

But on the original topic of discussion, I think there is some functions that impact intrusive/negative thoughts, and therefore your overall emotional maturity. [This article](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/252-MBTI-Simulatedworlds-Profiles-for-Introverted-Types) describes "functional loops" where a person's first and third functions impact negative thoughts. The loops don't affect how you deal with the thoughts, just the character of them (i.e., critical, anxious, depressed, etc.). I think that is a very potent idea.I first want to clear up your interpretation of intelligence with relation to types. Surely no type has a greater aptitude for memory or cognition than another, but INTxs are the classical idea of "intelligent people:" intellectual, insightful, and most of all, usually irrefutable. They both very much live in their heads, and what comes out of there is hard to refute.

I am an INTJ. I enjoy reading fantasy (currently on book 12 of [The Wheel of Time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wheel_of_Time) and watching TV shows through streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, etc. I like some short, witty shows like Seinfeld, Scrubs, and Futurama. I also like some darker shows like Breaking Bad, but not as much. I do like dark movies.

I have a strong interest in mathematics and physics. I finished reading a textbook on complex analysis last night. I love how applicable it is to understanding how physical systems operate and will change. I also have some sociological/psychological interests, I frequently contemplate what others are thinking and what motivates them to act the way they do.

I have always made good grades, even in subjects that I don't like. I almost always understand the material, but get frustrated if I can't execute it well enough. So for subjects I didn't care for (like history), I could understand what historical even was happening, but it frustrated me that I couldn't always use that knowledge for what was being sought (I knew I could do it!). I then worked at getting better, then I eventually became very good at that subject.

I often daydream about hypothetical situations. What would I do if someone were to ask me about this? How would I handle it if some event suddenly happened?

I'll give you an insight into my view on morals. I do not thing there is an objective morality, i.e. certain actions are simply right or wrong to do. Instead, their effects on people and the world should be evaluated. I believe in subjective morality, that everyone has their own moral opinion on an action. No one is right or wrong on this, however it is completely natural and expected that people disagree on these issues. Based on what different people value, they will have different opinions. No one's moral system is invalid, but it is completely okay to oppose them. There is no ultimate "right or wrong" to a moral question, just a question of what do different people think.

So for an example, let's take the death penalty. Some think it cruel, valuing human life over many other things. Some value justice, reaping what you sow. Neither of these moral opinions are wrong, however it's perfectly natural and expected that they think the other wrong. But this isn't bad, it's just how it goes, and it encourages these people to stand up for what they really believe in.

Hope this is what you were looking for.Its generally accepted that your personality type does not change, even though test results might. Tests are not the true determinant of personality types, its introspection.

I suspect you have matured, and changed how you think about yourself, while your cognitive functions remained fixed.I'm thinking xxFP, and probably xNFP. The feelings about society, the bank, being a customer, etc. all speak to a common feeling of being a cog in a machine with no individuality. This is a very Fi sentiment (really an inferior Te thought).

I think there's some Ne here, too, because of its dramatic quality. It makes these analogies and connects back to them across several points, creating a network of abstracted sentiments.

This feels almost an Orwellian nightmare. My guess is INFP.
I think the "empathy" of INFJs is not just "I love everyone!" Do you think every American INFJ has tons of sympathy for school shooters? INFJs can hate just as much as any other type, especially when they see their favorite people in trouble.

For Hitler, he saw himself as a savior for the German people. He legitimately believed that Jews were ruining the world. He felt he had to lift up the true underdog, and he had great empathy for them.

Fe is sentimental judgements based on outside stimulus, not boundless empathy for everyone and anyone.The Te seems more inferior than tertiary, as far as I can tell. I think you can execute on a tert function, and this seems more antagonistic to Te than just tert.https://www.idrlabs.com/isfj.php

(He's 3/4 of the way down or so). I tend to agree with this site. **Se** **vs.** **Si**   

Promoting vs. Retaining   

Intemperate vs. Temperate   

Direct vs. Indirect   

Photographic vs. Impressionistic   

Expansive vs. Habitual   

Noticing vs. Knowing   

Awareness vs. Recall 

&amp;#x200B;

from [https://www.idrlabs.com/articles/2011/01/jungian-functions-at-a-glance/](https://www.idrlabs.com/articles/2011/01/jungian-functions-at-a-glance/)I think INTP. Academic interests, logic the highest priority, likes a simple idea that grows into something expansive. It just fits based on the way I'm reading you.

As for tertiary Fi vs inferior Fe, these are characterized by two aspects: position of the function vs introversion and extroversion. Tertiary functions are fickle and childlike in nature, sometimes they work with you and sometimes against you. Inferior functions are completely unconscious, so they sometimes push you into uncomfortable situations (and these situations are uncomfortable because you don't have a developed function to deal with them). Fi is all about privately held, almost secret, feelings; feelings that you experience independently of how other people feel about you. Fe is harmonizing yourself with other people around you, so that you share your emotions with others.

Based on what you've said, I think you have tertiary Si, based on a love of material comforts (do you like the same foods, or do you like a variety?), and inferior Fe, something that pushes you to have your work and ideas validated by others.Maybe the www.lesswrong.com? Or other sites in the so called "rationalist community"?Enneagram type. Its another fairly popular personality typing system.Tests aren't accurate. People here identify with a particular type because they know the cognitive functions and know themselves well. The test, not so accurate. They just aren't that well written. I like a lot of their other articles, though. They have some good discussion of type theory and new perspectives on what the functions really are.No, this is alternative names for cognitive function positions, i.e. Hero=Dominant function, Mother=aux, and so on.
Oh snap. Me and my best friend (INFP) chill out listening to Radiohead all the time. In Rainbows is her favorite album, and while I agree with her on the whole, I love this song.Hmm. This, though it's pretentious: [System... Meltdown](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH-ZYpM8yvw) , this, though it's arrogant: [Oh No!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cr-SqRWImmI) , and this, though it's sappy: [Your Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTa8U0Wa0q8).
All ESTJs are at work 24 hours a day.

All INTJs are whining at home.
Hunter x Hunter  
Shokugeki no Soma  
Hikaru no Go  
Yakitate!! Japan  
Avatar: TLA
Basically, you don't. It's their own jobs to comfort themselves, you don't have access to what's actually happening when an INFP is emotional. Just be there.

Wait, this might be the opposite of ENTP nature... ;)It's like asking you to tell me why you think about something. Chances are by the time you can explain what lead you there, you're not thinking about the same thing at all anymore. INFPs have highly complex emotional lives, and sharing the details of it is inefficient compared to just living the emotions.
It's something you will have to work through for yourself, primarily by reading descriptions. The letters encode particular "stacks" (orderings of preference/interactions) of Cognitive Functions, and reading good descriptions of the functions and their interactions will be more helpful than tests of that type will. For example, a test might lead you to think that you are on the border between INTJ and INTP, but from the perspective of cognitive functions those two types are actually absurdly different from each other.Larvitar, Arcanine, Munchlax are my favorites.

Part of what I like about Larvitar is that you can just tell that it wants to be tough, and then when it fully evolves it really gets there. It reaches its full potential.&gt; This is a clear Ni giveaway, IMHO.

Could you elaborate on why you see this as an Ni-based statement?As someone who knows both of them in person (but no other Melee personalities, sorry guys), agree with these statements. Especially that Toph is not an Ni dom.

Edit: I guess I also know Blur and Tafokints. Haven't talked to Blur enough to say. Tafo feels like xSFJ.What about us? I need a pat on the back today.Thanks for sharing. That's how I feel in my conversations with INFJs too. Ni can be a really solitary dominant function, and in the periods where I didn't have an INxJ in my life it felt like there was a whole part of me that I could just never share. Your presence is really liberating for us (or at least me) too.

edit - rereading this, I realize that I parroted you more than I meant to. Hopefully that can just be taken to speak to the commonality of the experience.If anything, they're one of only a couple of personality types that would actually be good in that job.I've also always thought of myself as not feeling boredom. I wonder if it's attributable to the four relative orders of perceiving functions (Ni &gt; Se = no boredom, Ne &gt; Si = boredom, Se &gt; Ni = ?, Si &gt; Ne = ?)I think on the surface it might look like more extraversion, but it would be more accurate to see it as treating the simulation as an extension of my mind and exploring it as fully as I explore mental possibilities.

I try not to leave rocks turned over when I think through things, and the conversations I would have with the simulated people would be similarly unrestrained. (To an extent that conversations with real people can't be because they have feelings, and a persistent presence, and my actions will cause impressions.)It's an eye-rolling face, seven times.This is only one person and I suspect but am not positive of the typing, but one thing I have noticed is extreme, angry competitiveness and fear of not being as accomplished as peers. This was in the context of med school applications. Coupled with that was resentment of superiors at work who didn't appreciate her contributions enough and see how much she had to offer, and sarcastic derision of admissions committees who she was sure wouldn't give any value to how much she genuinely cared about being an amazing doctor and caring for people well. (FWIW I genuinely do think that she will be a good doctor, this was just what came out when she gave in to stress.)ISxPs. Probably has something to do with their being the sensing types with the strongest preference for Ni.1.
I am a 25-year old white male. I am American (Northern Californian), with traces of my parents' English and Russian Jewish backgrounds in my sensibilities. I quietly but confidently identify as bisexual. I am, and like to think of myself as, well-educated.

2.
INTJ. This took me a while longer to be sure of than I usually see INTJs claim, but the mysticism is difficult to cut through. Between reading as many type and function descriptions as I could find and comparing myself with many of my acquaintances, I have come to think that if I am not an Ni-dominant, either nobody is or there is some other structural issue with the notion of cognitive functions. I struggle to be present, and often end up watching myself layering expectations and implications over my experiences, but I also long for and seek out beauty and clarity. I am more concerned with objective functionality and emotional honesty than objective harmony and internal logical consistency, which I take to suggest TeFi &gt; FeTi.

3.
I think to some extent this question runs counter to what I try to get out of personality typing, even dichotomous typing. The value of an exercise like this, for me, lies in 1) self-discovery and 2) gear-churning some appreciation or at least understanding for others' differences. The work of taking an objective point of view on oneself and others, especially others one cares about, is itself the reward here, not the type that one concludes. I guess I would take a "100% accurate" type reading for myself, turn it over in my hands, consider it, but I wouldn't /want/ typing to be that reducible or outsourceable.

4.
Haha. Maybe I would tell some small, secret joke that only one person could understand, or I would tell all the people of the world that they should read Cortázar, or I would be too nervous about picking my words and lose the opportunity.

5.
I think I am seen as less emotional, and less driven by emotion, than I consider myself to be. I also think I am seen as more critical and less optimistic than I believe myself to be.

6.
When I was 7-8, I had two embarrassing experiences involving vomiting. In retrospect, it was basically a textbook case of phobia development, with my parents not present to comfort me and my peers mostly insulting and disgusted. The otherwise very high degree of availability on the part of both of my parents throughout my childhood, as well as their bon vivant lifestyle and marital harmony, also played a large part in my development, as did my being suddenly rejected and ignored by my former best friend at the start of 7th grade.

7.
This calls back to Question 4 a little bit, doesn't it. I can't exactly share an in-joke with you, so I'll have to go for [the](https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-SD6hC4jfo-c/V3fOjz3RcTI/AAAAAAAAAVQ/3z9D1W0EF4kl45zn7f4vREyhTZkCZtqJgCLcB/s1600/9789875782211.jpg) [Cortázar](http://moniqs.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/monique-1.jpg) [instead](https://apartirdeunafrase.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/cortazarcongato.gif).In my (INTJ) experience, the way clashes happen here is over depth or seriousness -- an Ne dom (maybe aux) will bring up a topic but then (appear to) get bored of it just when I feel like we're starting to get to something really interesting. This can sometimes end up being frustrating/isolating in that it can feel like a proof or reminder that other people just don't care very much about the things that I care about (don't match the degree of my desire for understanding).

I guess this doesn't really result in a "clash" in that I don't snap at them for it and they typically don't get mad at me for going on and on about something after they've lost interest. It just makes me kind of sad and makes them (appear) overwhelmed.Such a good post. Mature development of Ne *is* impressive. Everything short of that looks childish and I find myself getting inappropriately, patronizingly embarrassed on the behalf of the Ne dom/aux.Excitable, concerned, sincere.

(I had an ENFP friend ask for a 3-word description recently.)I hadn't been but I'll start and get back to you. I do have some pretty great dreams. And also some dreams so hideous that people have made me stop in the middle of recounting them.This actually creeped me out a little bit because I am also an Fi user and have previously referred to my processing of emotional experiences as basically seeing how light reflects from all of the facets of crystals that hang in my mind.Dogs playing with toys that squeak when bitten into. The more I see it the more I hear pain in the squeak and am repelled by the (conditioned?) sadism of the dog.You need to meet better ISTPs.Maybe I'm misunderstanding, but yes, that is how MBTI labeling works. Introverts with dominant perceiving functions are IxxJ, judging functions IxxP.Are you maybe 22 or younger? When I was in high school / college even the edgelord INxx's had facebooks.TIL I'm an INTJIf there were something you wanted to do for another person, that you felt sure would benefit them, but you weren't sure if they would want you to be doing things for them, what would you feel?I start out seeing her spinning clockwise but can sort of turn her around by watching just her lower foot (the one with the leg straight down) for a while and then looking back up at her raised leg.It's something like this: I was trying to throw out the third dimension and only see the movement of her body as left-right on a flat plane (= my computer screen), to give my brain a fresh attempt at determining the rotation. The foot rotates through / takes up less of the third dimension (because it's shorter than a leg...) so my mind didn't need to squash as much in projecting the third dimension away there.

All that said, it started to seem like what point you start watching her spin also makes a difference, so maybe watching her foot and then looking back up was just letting me catch different points in the animation.I don't think it's quite that clever. What happens is more like: if I watch it for long enough, or jump around and start/stop at different points, I will occasionally "see" her switch directions. Then I start wondering if I can control the switch. The part provided specifically by intuition is maybe being drawn to concentrate on the foot. I didn't logically work through all the stuff about that making for an easier projection in advance, it just seemed like it would work.

It's very visual, watching for long enough makes me become aware of the motion as left-right (or even in-out, with the body collapsing on itself and then expanding again) instead of as a rotation, and then the foot is the place where the in-out change has to cover the least distance -&gt; easiest to control.This is a better description than most I have seen. The point about Ni users being "idiots", i.e. essentially not "thinking" in any logical way but just resonating against some accumulated mass of visual etc. associations (with probabilities) is my favorite here and very true to the way that I think and even the way that I speak (especially in second languages), and the part about taking (potentially extreme) care with the data that's fed in is true to every INxJ I've known.Wow. I think this depends a lot on how much time I get to spend outside of the one city I pick, if I have to work, etc., but probably Seattle or San Francisco.&gt; I do feel like you could make a ton of quasi-parallels between INTJs and INFJs

This really, really works. Here's one path to INTJ self-improvement:

1. Find an unhealthy INFJ
2. Identify all of the behaviors they demonstrate that you dislike
3. For each of those behaviors, imagine the mirror behavior you'd get by swapping its content from F to T
4. Realize that you have that negative mirror behavior and try to fix it in yourselfYes, sure. I almost put a parenthetical comment acknowledging that that step could be difficult.

In that particular example (blaming others for results of passive behavior), I would come up with a T-type analogue of being insufficiently proactive in planning or organizing something (or taking steps to improve yourself in response to a partner's wishes), and then blaming others/factors "outside of your control" for a negative outcome that you could have prevented if you hadn't let yourself get stuck in a procrastination loop. (I think that your example hasn't really removed the F "content" of the original behavior.)
Pretty good. INTJ and my top classes were Demo and then Heavy, but I always wanted to be good at Scout.
Intj have these emotions you speak of, source: am INTJ. Also, my co-workers say that I am a sweet person especially my favorite, my cranky/sarcastic decorator.Note: We are not cold, we just can't relate to others on the same wavelength in feelings.Howard seems more like an INFJ or enfj to me.My viewpoint on the game: compared to the first witcher, the game is beautiful and expansive. You really can see where the developers put care in (ex: the whales in skellege, detail in water, some of the gore, character designs... I am looking at you Crones), and in the weather/ shooting stars in the night sky/cloud movement during the day. The story line is typical witcher, but I enjoyed it. I played through the entire game (before expansions, I am waiting on the goty edition to finish downloading) and got all of the undiscovered locations taken care of except for skellige as it was far more tedious than velen, novigrad, etc. Geralt amuses me with his dryness and some of the choices for his responses, the game has a good dynamic between him and Lambert among other characters. I really enjoyed the godlings as well, I thought their whimsey was apt. I do not get a particular feel as to which type would enjoy the game more as I do think it would apply to the adventurous spirit of any of the types, it is indeed a throughly enjoyable game for anyone who's patient and willing to put in the time (my entj sibling enjoyed it as well).I like the rouge fork, however this picture bothers me greatly. This is laziness.Or decay on the bottom surface of the unit and smell awful after the drying cycle.The fork was too good for it.Hot green tea with honey, cold Thai tea, or hot Darjeeling with a little milk and honey.Maybe because INTJ have a personal set of morals they commit to. It seems like they all create their own as they grow and develop as a person, some may be the same between individuals and some may be different. At the core of the individual though it is personal and upheld to a high degree. In their thinking, "why would you let an outside influence dictate what is morally important to you?" when it is yours and yours alone. That is the best way that I can explain it.You can work through some of the hard parts of social anxiety. It is very hard, or was for me, but I am fine as long as a large group of people are not touching me.You there good sir, asking the important questions! I shall learn their ways.Daft INTJ checking in. I make stupid choices/decisions/say things that just are super dumb, but man.. I know how to cook and am a food nerd. Everything else I do does not really shine and I have trouble with, yes, I am trying to learn new things as much as I can, but I am very forgetful. I guess that those things just happen, we all have our weaknesses and our strengths.Green tea and Chai tea. I don't pair food with my tea.Ich bin ein Berliner?Most INTJ I have come across have seem to just want to be genuinely loved. They get into shitty relationships trying to find it, get screwed over, then are at peace when they find someone who genuinely loves them. So out of all of these examples that people have posted, I think you have hit the nail on the head to the majority of the INTJ squishy soul.Hey, I'm not absent mi-... Oh, somebody fed a weird plant and got eaten again? Wait, what was I saying?My sibling is an ENTJ and loves The Witcher 3, Okami, The Sims, Zelda, Etc. I do not think it is an introverted hobby.

I myself am an INTJ and like about the same games as her, we used to play FFX together taking turns on the PS2. We also got a good laugh over Katamari Damacy.I played WOW, Diablo 2 LOD, and Diablo 3, Ragnarok, with friends (three INTPs and an ENTJ roommate). My sister played one of the iterations of Final Fantasy Online and WOW. I prefer couch multiplayers like the old console games where she prefers MMOs to those.I tan quite well, my flesh that has not seen the light is quite pale. I think I have adapted to the bright ball in the sky.Seems about right. I like the sound of the original better.Fair.57%INTJ. Seems about right.Updoot for the chuckle thst ensued.\-Hisses-Yeah, I am androgenous and all of the male INTJ I know have quite gorgeous, long hair.hah, right? Seems like a going thing.
My theory is ISTJ who has grown up in a not-politically-conservative environment (or heavily influenced by internet) and who was also encouraged (perhaps by peers, the internet) to value art

Liking art or being politically liberal are blind alleys based on stereotypes not cognitive functions.  I see Te over Fe and a lot of Si in your responsesKeep in mind that's Te at its best.  You sound young and someone with Te in their auxiliary position would be exactly the type to struggle or resist developing the aux *but also* be at least somewhat aware of it.  I could see your post being an excellent example of someone who is Te but is still working on it (Te reflecting *on itself*).  For example, I'm an INTJ and I could see myself thinking to myself I hate work.  But that's because I think of work in terms of like stupid bullshit, whereas Te is actually a lot deeper than that.  But someone who is a Fe type might look at the person doing all that Te and think their work capacity is insane, because Te *is work to them*.  Also, just from personal experience *steadiness* is like the ISTJ watchword

I also get the sense that maybe your inability to complete artistic projects or work at them consistently is because your commitment to them is based on the idea of doing those things and being recognized as such over personality traits whereby you gain energy by doing them, hence they come off as "work."  Personality types that don't stereotype as "artistic" are the ones more likely to "work" in the sense that they *expend* rather than *generate* energy doing those things, so this would explain why a surface level analysis would at first have you looking like a "artist type" and why that description of Te seems off to you, but both could be wrong

For example, I love guitar, but I can only practice for an hour before I get tired and need a break--I love it and value it but its *work* (energy expenditure).  I could sit around all day and think about stranger's personalities over the internet because it gives me energy (Ni).  If anyone asked, I'd cop to the former but not the later (most of the time, or like on a personality test).  My understanding of Si is like thinking to yourself about like "If I don't do x, I'm going to feel like shit", or understanding how you yourself operate or others based on concrete physical states of being.  Si people really like being scratched, I discovered.  They've really worked out a lot of practical ways to care for themselves and others, ways they probably take for granted, but were mind blowing techniques of wellness for someone like me who didn't realize what an impoverished physical existence I had been livingThey're talking about idealized descriptions of ISTJs who have got a good mastery of their functions.  Just cause you procrastinate doesn't mean you aren't an ISTJ.  Your own keen awareness of it suggests to me you may be an ISTJ because you may value it even if you don't, objectively speaking, live up to it.  Keep in mind there are people that procrastinate all the fucking time but if asked they wouldn't even consider themselves procrastinators because its so far off their radar.  Sometimes we feel so bad about procrastinating we just assume everyone does, such that its normal, but there are people out there that actually don't care.  Guilt over procrastination, to me, is a symptom of less developed judging types (*real* guilt; there's a lot of people that would admit they procrastinate but don't actually ever want to change or feel any sort of pathos over it, its more them, through Ti or Te, intellectually acknowledging its fucked them before but they don't really want to "change" that or see it as a flaw in a deep sense more like an admitted factor that can constitute a weakness if not accounted for--see INTPs).

I really think, based on what's been said, you're an ISTJ trying to live up to the values of your community which happen to run counter to outward stereotypes of ISTJs so it creates a surface/actual apparent disjunction- which is probably why you're so confused in the first place!I have a poor grasp on Ne since I use Ni and they mostly do the same thing but in different ways, so its hard for me to conceptualize doing something differently that I already know how to do so well (this would be like you asking a left handed person to teach techniques in writing with right hand).  Also cause its 4th it may only show up in terms of troublemaking until you live a long time and really develop it.  Hence, and this is rather abstract to me, I would say if sometimes you get overwhelmed by possibilities--that would be a troublemaking Ne.  Jumping from project to project because you suddenly realize some potential fatal flaw in a current one could also be a manifestation

(actually seeing a potential fatal flaw in the one may be more Ni based--my bias is showing-- rather Ne would just be getting possessed by realization that *something else* could be *way better* not that the initial thing is fatally flawed)yes, absolutely. Ne is like taking into account *all* the potential possibilities (meta possibilities), whereas Ni is reducing all that potential into one coherent thing (albeit very complex).  Ne maintains everything in its separateness and sees the multiplicity as a multiplicity, whereas Ni accounts for all those possibilities, but does so by eliminating them down into one coherent vision (sees a multiplicity and then gets rid of everything extraneous to *the one*).  Its like picking a constellation out of a galaxy (Ni) vs seeing multiple galaxies (Ne).  Accounting for all the possibilities in crafting the most beautiful constellation vs accounting for all the possibilities by maintaining an awareness of everything all at once (the universe).

That's really abstract, but the idea is, if you see *so much* separate and equally valid future potentialities and "can't even"-- I'd say that's Ne in a negative manifestation I just want to say this response is hilarious and if there's a case for INTJ over ISTJ it's here.  Cause you're making some hilariously intuitive inferences, and this guys voice annoys the shit out of my Se too.  This guy *has* to have heard himself over the mic before, so I refuse to believe hes got Se anywhere but 7th or 8thskeptical of what?  you can be skeptical that a problem exists, or that a solution will work: that the risk is great or that its low...

I'd say in general INTJs have a firmer sense of conviction about things, such that if they think something is serious they're going to stand by that, where an ENTP is more likely to entertain alternate narratives about the scenario

this is owing to the singular vision of the INTJ vs the more open ended view of the ENTP

so in a certain sense I'd say the ENTP is more likely to be "skeptical" of anything, which is why they're notorious trolls and debaters: they always see possible alternatives to thingsAs someone who did their time, no one goes into the Army and is like "boy I'm sure glad to be getting bossed around all the time."  Literally everyone of every type dislikes authority on some level when they feel its at cross purposes with them, and appreciates it when it isn't.  The whole loves authority/doesn't thing is kind of a simplistic reduction of how people *understand* the value of hierarchy and establishment in general.  

So I wouldn't worry about it.  To answer your question I think ISTPs are basically ideal Soldiers, until you get into higher level leadership.  So up until around E-7 they're as good as it gets

You give me a team of highly motivated ISTPs and I could take over the world, or at least win some unit competitionsI tend to think unless the Si/Ne type is *really* well developed they're not really using Ne effectively except as a stumbling block, hence they're likely to be just as rigid if not moreso than the Ni user in this example.  Its not that Ni is inherently rigid, at least not compared to Si (compared to Ne it is, like I think if you were comparing INTJ to ENTP in your analysis it would make more sense); in fact I'd say Si tends to be more rigid, because its a *hindsight looking* worldview.  Both Ni and Si have *singular vision* approach, its just from what place they derive it: either sensing which tends towards retrospection (hard to store sense experience from the future) or intuition (their constellation of ideas in progress).

I think you've got a good handle on what stuff does, but you're stepping into the shoes of a Si type from a Ne dom perspective and its coloring your take on things

In other words, make sure to compare Ni to Si directly without confounding factors like inferior functions.  If we go down that route I could just as easily be like Se (for the Ni) type would be more flexible for the reason they'd just look around to assess whats real and modify things based on that.   *"the facts have a liberal bias"* or something to that effect sounds like Se based reasoningISTJs are badass, its more a reflection on description writers than ISTJs that they get such short shrift.  Their gifts are so practical and grounded people get distracted by the woowoo shiny factor of other things and don't realize how powerful they are.  I know I've learned a ton from being in a relationship with an ISTJ that really, really, enhanced my life (to such a degree I sort of wished I was one, because of how effective they are in real life--the only thing that makes me think otherwise is not cause INTJs are "better" but because its pointless and ungrateful to wish you were something other than the best version of yourself).

I also think personalityhacker.com is the best introduction for newbs to MBTI, and stellarmaze.com (all the new stuff requires a sub but all the meat is if you go back to his early work) is insanely insightful for more advanced stuff; although he shits on ISTJs unfairly, he's great at describing the difference between INTJ and INFJ.  He's really lucid for an INFJyup gaze down but forward just enough to head off collisionssometimes, if I'm understimulated, I see that they don't notice me yet and hold our collision course to see how long it takes them to register the situation and watch the wheels turn while they figure out what to do

it usually takes people a really long time so then I start to feel bad for making them think and so then make some kind of clear indication of how to proceed for both our sakes

people think I don't know what's going on around me, but the truth is I intentionally avoid knowing because that kind of awareness is painful

I can see this coming off as a ridiculous copypasta, but my whole life it feels like I've been avoiding calling attention to people's ineptitude for their own sake and then teased for my efforts as "not paying attention."  Oh well, if that's the INTJ cross to bear I got off easyYour argument is predicated on the assumption that personality is based off something you do, and there's nothing behind that that forms the basis for why you do the things you do.  In other words, you could type robots this way and they'd just as much have personality in the deepest sense of the word as people.  If you don't think that is fatally shallow and misses the point, then there's really nothing anyone can really do to convince you.  

Jung says in *Psychological Types* that presuppositions about the world form the basis for how we judge the correctness of conceptual data (find them persuasive or not) and since those presuppositions rarely get acknowledged or challenged, they form a more or less fixed aspect to our being that manifests itself by what we call "personality" over time.   A nominalist perspective is one that denies the existence of abstract categories as such and affirms only specific instances of things as being actually real.  This perspective tends to be rooted in the sensing psychological feature which affirms nominalist thinking because it conforms to its deep set interpretive schema of the world.  What you're advocating here is a manifestation of a sensing preference disclosing itself in a nominalist critique of MBTI (actually its more domain specific offshoot--behaviorism). 

Anyway, Jung accounts for your opinion but you don't account for his (at least not in any way but a naive elimination).  In general, the theory that captures the most data points is considered to be superior, so I'm sticking with Jung.Dude, no&gt; worth an intelligent person's attention

This is where you go wrong.  MBTI may have a *measurement* problem, i.e.: that it suggests forces that cannot be easily (or potentially ever) be measured.  Which is why behaviorism was so popular because it intentionally cut out as admissible anything that wasn't measurable at the time, leaving only observable behavior.  However, just because you only admit what can be measured doesn't mean you have the complete picture *in reality.*   No one would say behaviorist method fundamentally captured everything there was to be captured.  We've pushed it one step further with neuroscience, and a lot of people have faith that this is the final frontier, but it fundamentally suffers from the same problem (its somewhat arrogant given how recently behaviorism fell out of favor to think we've *now* suddenly transcended the fundamental issue)

You're equating "intelligent people" with people who take this step, but if anything its the opposite.  I mean, really, do you think we'd find God with a ruler?  Further, this is itself a value judgment, which is going to originate in something other than objective observation (the famous is/ought divide).  So even if you think you're above petty narratives like the zodiac you fundamentally draw on something *similar in character* to even make the claims you're making

That point of view is confusing what can be admitted as a object of science as to what all there really is, when science by its definition cleaves the two for the purposes of inter subjective transmission  

If you live your life this way its bringing a knife to a gun fight.  You're literally half a man (the truth is, you can't actually do it, narratives slip in the back door, but we lie to ourselves about allowing them in--this is scientism in a nutshell)

This is also why the big 5 is so popular, because it can be measured.  But again don't conflate scientifically-useful with *all there really is.*  MBTI isn't trying to be scientific--its trying to explain the world in an insightful manner, through conceptual schema that promote understanding.  Neuroscience just pushes things back but its fundamentally going to be physicalist like behaviorism, so when you suggest that MBTI posits a physicalist basis that's a fundamental misunderstanding of it.  It may have physical correlates (like you see Nardi point out), but to root it in physical structures is to assume more about it than is warranted.  If that makes it more like the zodiac to you and not worth your time, then that's your prerogative (although there is a lack of self awareness to be selective in this fashion.. on one hand scientific narratives are all that's admissible, on the other that is itself a non scientific narrative)

To fully go into why that worldview is fundamentally stunted is not possible here, but if you're interested I suggest you check out Jordan Peterson's *Maps of Meaning*

The assumptions that go into what's worthwhile and what's fundamentally admissible-as-real go to the heart of Jungian psychology so its disheartening to see shallow misunderstandings of the theory turned against the theory as "progress"... anyone who does this is projecting their own understanding of the world as the objective state of affairs and onto the ideas themselves in such a way that of course they flatly deny the existence of contrary interpretations, but its this fundamental insight that is most important because it defines *exactly how* people can differ in personalityI'm going to the root of the issue which is Jung's insight into the unconscious.  That is what's fundamentally being argued here, although no one explicitly (besides me) acknowledges it.  The rest is surface level.  Surface level debate without cutting to the root is what characterizes intractable disagreement so I'm not going to get bogged down in thatI can't say this without sounding condescending, but you're just on a lower level of abstraction and you're trying to punch up at that which you don't understandthere's science in the sense of pragmatic and science as is currently popular as physical reductionism, if you want to battle over Jung's soul I'd say he'd be disappointed that things have gone the way they have

you're doing what you always do and interpreting his words in conformance with your assumptions about reality, which are a manifestation of a particularly loathsome instance of contemporary being (a brand of shallow scientism which characterizes certain online communities);  who knows if he even would have used the same words if he knew they'd come to represent what you think they do today?I think the Ni + Fe synthesis produces a unique coherence that isn't seen amongst the other Fe types that makes it look a lot like Fi

whereas most Fe types are malleable in the way they go about securing those good vibes amongst the group, Ni makes the INFJ play the super long game (chess not checkers) that feels a lot like the singular unity of Fi (in this case they treat the whole world as a kind of singular mystical body (feels to them like *their* body, which explains how they get the sense of losing themselves in others--they're inhabiting or extroverting themselves into the world))-- so rather than coming from themselves-as-individual its coming from the unitary "world soul." 

they are the priestess on behalf of the entire world... this is why the good ones have a palpable sense of divinity to them or an angelic quality
thanks!One of the most important aspects to a healthy relationship is each individual's personal commitment to the relationship itself; i.e.: as a third entity.  So its not enough just to like the other person, to really be successful you need to treat the relationship itself as an entity to be worked on.  In other words, you don't just go to work on your partner, you go to work on yourself by way of recognizing the relationship between you as exacting a commitment that flows both ways.

Anyway, I said that because interest in personality is indicative of a sensitivity to this principle in some form.  In other words, I wouldn't go to one of these sites hoping to get my "ideal" match (whatever that is), but because the common interest in personal development and relationships qua relationships is itself promising and attractive.  I believe this common interest would be the foundation for success over and above any benefit from type-pairing, and would make participation in these sites worthwhile.EVERYONE STOP FIGHTING I think you guys are *greatly* underestimating how good (healthy) introverted sensors can be at sex

these types know their bodies inside and out and they *know* how to feel good, and by extension what makes others feel goodI could see male ISTJs getting creepy, but I love flirting with female ISTJs because you can tell they get a little boggled, but they've got enough social grace to mostly keep it together and aren't likely to do anything too weird.  Its like getting a super cute turtle out of its shell or getting a glimpse of a spotted belly on a (very serious, mind you) cat

they're like [what's this feeling..?](http://i.imgur.com/oTpjvgV.gif)
I think I see where you're coming from.  I wasn't really thinking of male ISFJs...  not that it would be fair to write them all off, but the ones I do know do kind of strike me like they could be cold fishthis is probably TMI but my dad is an ISFJ and he's such a cold fish (police officer), that I think the only time he had sex is when I was conceived-- and even then I'm not sure.  Its so weird because you'd think they'd be into it, but something about them gets all closed off despite the fact they're all internal sensory.  I've only seen it manifest in males like that, but I imagine some women can get like that too.  Yet, like you said, he'd do literally anything for my mom so its not unromantic per se&gt; BAM "I find you very attractive." all matter of fact and heavy with eye contact. Oh....kay?

*cringe*

Yeah I wish more INTJs realized that people skills up your chestmaster 9000 game; so even if you're full on self-styled Machiavelli, you're shooting yourself in the foot by being a repugnant nerd repugnant is a bit strong; I was thinking more in the sense of [off-putting](https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/4rw7v2/who_else_is_unintentionally_intimidating/), not like he smells or anything (although this does happen unfortunately), but like whatever the opposite of putting people at ease is... awkward... edgy?[blat](http://i.imgur.com/a0rHgwH.gif)well developed INTPs are a wonder.  I think of amazing college professors like [Hubert Dreyfus](https://youtu.be/aaGk6S1qhz0?t=249); just look at that enthusiasm!--its so positively infectious (the guy lights up like a Christmas tree over *phenomenology*) and he's got such a truly deep understanding of things.  People like this are sheer gold for what they do for humanity.**Bro.** Bro, just because someone thinks you're not an N or wrongly supposes they themselves are an N is meaningless (as it pertains to *you*).  In fact, if you want to think about it from the point of view of something funny (if there's any sort of meaning to be had about the phenomenon at all): consider that the forums like ISTJ/ISFJ tend to be far more insightful into mbti than monstrosities like INTJ, for the exact reason that you point out-- it takes courage and understanding of MBTI to select yourself as one of those "lesser" types, such that the widespread effect is that their subreddits come off as more genuine and insightful vs the roach hotel that is INTJ (it appears the dominant consideration is just how cool it sounds--the consequence being a total lack of insight into anything mbti), where (consider Jung himself was an INTJ) its mostly shallow circle jerking and amazingly un self aware sensory type perspectives (which are distasteful only by way of their hypocrisy).  If you're really a sensor, be proud of it.  Some of the most hilarious and insightful shit I've read here was on /r/sensor

Also I think well developed Te would absolutely consider feelings as a factor, when reflecting on oneself and the world in general.  In fact to not include them as a major factor in any sort of calculation is a huge lapse, such that you're only thinking on a relatively shallow level if you're not considering feelings--again from within and without.

Don't worry about what the mob thinks.  That's *why* they're the mob 

you flatter me!ISFPs sound so cool... hm maybewhenever my Te reflects on the ENTJ function stack I think "this can't be real, its like someone came up with their own combination made for maximum effectiveness" and get a little jealous.  Do these people actually exist? dat stack is like MBTI fan fic-- hard to believe they're not just someone's Mary SueI'm sorry to say: yes, you winIt was really entertaining (I rarely get to see myself from the immediate and outward perspective of others), so the latter.  Being an INTJ is great I'm the *mastermind*
I like you!  And thats exactly right, you never get that kind of unadulterated honesty because in person people worry about all sorts of collateral considerations which color whatever they tell youThis is so NTJ it hurts, and I would have guessed E based on what you said here: so tell us more about where you get your energy from

the ENTJ stack is like MBTI porn to Te types so you might just be drifting in that direction on the quizzes because of the natural Te valence (a sort of internalized admiration) to the abstract personality as a whole, but you could very well be an INTJ in actuality (vs a quiz result)I try to do it where I can, but you're right its trickyhere, take this upvote before you goI look like my dad and hes an ISFJ so I can see where you're going with thisI mean everyone loves being with people they feel they can share their ideas with (when compared to people that they *can't*) so that's a mostly neutral statement...  Are you equillibrated over long periods of isolation (more than a couple days) or do you feel mounting pressure to "get out there" and socialize?This sounds like Ni to me.  Not only is it kind of inscrutable to others, it makes others kind of incomprehensible in a hopelessly banal sense.  In other words, you want to believe there's more to it; but no, they really are that shallow.  If you try to find it, you just wind up confused (searching for something that isn't there).  To others, it feels like you're "overthinking" it, but from the first person point of view it feels like they're *literally unbelievably* shallow.  Their thought patterns are so obviously contradicted by their own relatively short range implications the tendency is to blame one's own lack of understanding ("I *must* be missing something!"), when, in actuality, you're probably the longest range thinker in the group *and should be confused*, everyone's thinking *IS* confused, they just don't know it.

Also from the fact you think you're an ISFJ, I think that militates towards being an Ni dom.  I'm tempted to say INTJ from this description  (I believe this phenomena is an emergent property of Ni + Te directed at others), but I could just be projecting.  Ni does that sometimes.Yes, actual ISFJs don't make first-hand phenomenological  accounts like this.  This is Ni, I'd bet moneyIn my opinion Te + Ni is the long process of assimilating the other functions into itself such that a well developed manifestation of itself is hard to pin down (for another) because of its inherent versatility.  At a certain point you need to just come to understand the cognitive functions in a deep sense for yourself, because we may be dealing with a situation where we've reached the limits of what another person can perceive and identify.  Ni + Te should be good at absorbing the theory and then it can also "step outside" itself and posit itself as an object for Te to reflect upon, whereby you can then apply your knowledge of the cognitive functions to yourself.  When you can do that, you'll know.Of course you don't want to believe it--its depressing

People that come off as *wanting* to believe it aren't N's 

Because they're actually using Ti which is a facscimile of what was once only *someone else's* Ni, that got its arms chopped off and distilled into a logico-linguistic schema that Ti then adopted.  It's like wearing the Ni user's skin as a fashion statement, so if they didn't take some sort of pride in it they wouldn't have taken it on to begin with.

This is why most of the snooty INTJs are actually ISTPs who *can't see* the difference between manifestations of Ni and Ti, because Ni is literally imperceptible to them--their counterfeit insight is not however, and they mistake it for the genuine thing.  So they throw their monopoly money in everyone's faces not realizing what fools they're being (naively project it onto everything).

Reddit: where the ISFJs are INTJs and the INTJs are ISTPs

Ti is *beep boop* (I am a robot) *does not compute*, because it is limited in scope by its nature, such that they don't feel the disgust at the end of the line because they never reach it (*values* got lost in transmission).  That's why I say you're Ni, because you *get* that. 

Friedrich Nietzsche most prolifically suffers at the hands of this process: the people who truly understand him, atheist or believer, *tremble* at the implications of his thought; whereas those that don't, project their own lack of understanding onto his words which robs them of their force (its not enough that they fail to understand--they go further: they believe he meant it *precisely in the way they fail to understand it*).  All those self congratulatory edgelord atheists fall into this camp; they take up his skin with none of the spirit.  

"*Lord forgive them for they know not what they do*"--Jesus understood the type long before Nietzsche came along though

ironically N accused Christians of doing to Jesus what edgelords subsequently did to him... "*there was only one Christian and he died on the cross*"because the world needs those people to function

I mean, there is a real pre-ontological virtue to the way many of them live, it is just alien at first to Ni.  This is where people who talk about understanding and appreciating *true* diversity really *begin* to understand the enormity of the taskskin color is a problem for S (not all of course, I'm crafting a metaphor here), what you're talking about is a stumbling block for N, don't be racist and *overcome* your distrust of the other by familiarizing yourself with the good ones.  Its arrogant and presumptuous to think they've doomed the world or whatever; they can teach you just as much as you them and when you allow that to happen you will see we all need eachother.Not promising its gonna be easy; quite the opposite, in fact... but to whom much is given much is requiredits the feeling of reaching at something but, more than that, knowing in approximately what general area to reach, i.e.: *vision* or *extrapolation*

imagine drawing a picture but leaving some conspicuous gaps in it, like you had run an eraser over some parts but left most of it intact.  knowing what the whole should look like by providing the missing pieces is what Ni does.  it imagines what could go in there (pares down possibilities) till it finds a match.  an image that's not fully connected or whose empty space implies things--that's a more concrete representation of intuitionright, for example, if there are two different ways to read a question and answer choice(s), you would be intuitively drawn to read the question in such a way that it fit best with whatever answer choice you thought, when joined to it, would create the most overall comprehensive picture.  this can lead to misreading things because you may have made assumptions about the choices that predisposed you to subtly contort things to your detriment.  a good example of this is the LSAT, where the test writers don't care about what you think the best overall fit is, they have in mind one specific reading of the question, that if you deviate from, even if, at other times, such an interpretation would be valid, it is in this case incorrect.  in fact, they often set you against your intuition, hence "counter-intuitive" answers often being the correct ones (or at least "correct" in terms of your grade).  they strictly enforce a *thinking* mode of analysis, where rigid adherence to the model and the method derived from it is expected-- you are not permitted to mess with the box, you must plant yourself firmly *within* itNi in its raw form is almost completely incomprehensible to another because it is completely individuated.  Only after it is reduced to thinking is it transmissible.  You're never gonna get pure Ni in language just like you can't experience feelings in language.  At best it can point to it, but you have to mirror it within yourself to actually approximate what the thing itself meant to the person who it originated in.  This is extremely tricky (some would say impossible).  Actors do this with emotions in order to perform, but complex Ni is orders of magnitude more difficult, hence why even widely dispensed philosophy is so rarely actually understood

many philosophers flatly deny that *anyone* has ever understood them completely

and Nietzsche declared that it was, in principle, impossible: "*there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross*"this is a good example of Ni reduced to language in action.  TK4442 in responding articulated an underlying suspicion which arises out of his worldview as applied to the facts at hand and has re-presented the information in this new light--that is Ni in a nutshell.  It *situates* things, and makes adjustments (anything could be a valid target) towards that end.  Thinking just tries to then paint a picture of this new view for others to check out

Ni is very feng shui 

the better at Ni you are the more *creative power* (or *insight*) you have; the better at Te the more *articulate* you are

creative power at its apex allows for radical reshaping of a thing resulting in *paradigmatic shifts* of perspective which can then be gifted to the masses via Te (if the individual is equal to the task).  **high Ni with low Te comes off as insane** (sorry, INFJs--although R.D. Laing's *Divided Self* mounts an incredible defense on your behalf, check it out sometime).  Lucidity is the hallmark of Te.   Low fx in Tx doms/aux comes off as **neurotic**; I have a INFJ friend that comes off as a lot "smarter" than a INTJ friend who has really arrested Fi, because the INTJ has all sorts of self limiting beliefs bubbling up from a beat-up Fi.  You could think of Cognitive Therapy as a way to engage Tx in an effort to fix Fx issues

at the highest levels, Ni is doing conceptually what Fe does with group emotional dynamics, which is to create a harmonious order to them.  As people develop their personalities the best tend to start to come into striking convergence with one another, because their goal has always been similar: it was just the refinement, sophistication, and efficacy of their method that changed.  from that perspective it starts to become clear how personality types can all be complimentary to one anotherNo I feel you, being an unknown unknown that someone else *apprehends* as a known known is the freaking worst.  Better to be a known unknown.

Thanks RumsfeldCan't really say that categorically Ni is good or bad at multiple choice, because it depends on how they're written.  I would say most tests are relatively straightforward and not dealing with issues complex enough that Ni and Ti would even diverge or that the gulf would be wide enough to constitute a fork between two answers choices, each of which respects one mode over the other.  In fact, the LSAT is the only test I've seen that actually seems to go out of its way to do that.  In general, I would say well developed Ni is an asset, because as long a we're not talking LSAT, Ni allows one to reverse engineer the questions/answer choices to derive the right answer, even if one goes into it not knowing anything about the subject (by noticing the shape the pair forms when taken together "looks right").  this also is the basis for intjs becoming academically lazyall the ENTPs I've ever known never get enough sleep and always go super hard then end up crashing (rinse, repeat); I don't think its the introverted need for quiescence so much as their extroversion driving them to their physical limit and then their bodies giving out from under them.  The mind was always down for more

superficially the cycles of exertion to exhaustion and then recovery may resemble descriptions of social introverts, but its actually something very different going on&gt; "Truth without compassion is not truth; compassion without truth is not compassion."

This is really brilliant, thanksthis is sort of ironic because you phrased all this in an emotionally confrontational manner characteristic of someone who values purity of the message content over considerations of how it may be received (emotionally), which sort of validates the original comment that set all this off

you even got a little Fi indignation in thereOn one hand, its true there *might* be some problematic assumptions baked into the original comment

On the other hand, ISTJ's be coming off [like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E929gqIcwwI)

just INTJ thingsyou're right; I'm sorryThis whole comment chain makes a lot of sense; it totally explains something my ISTJ said while were we on the downslope, which was, "why can't things just be like that one day?"  The day in question was one that we spent together and everything was really clicking: love in the air and all that... But to me, it was like (internally) "why bother trying to remake that day?  We could have something just as good, albeit different (in the particulars), *right now* if we could just xxx [that vague feeling of unlocking the keystone TK442 is talking about]."
 
That kind of file system seems like a high standard cause you're constantly under the gun to create good experiences; which is, of course, I suppose, always the goal--but to hear it laid out so directly feels slightly vulgar to me--because it feels like it should be more about this, for lack of a better word, oceanic understanding or inter-subjective transcendence, than just piecemealing a romance like some kind of Frankenstein via experience.  Like I'm a firm believer that the best moments of my life could be outwardly completely unnoticeable--like I imagine Jung sitting at his desk and just conceptualizing *Psychological Types* for the first time (this is why Batman could never actually be portrayed as doing cutting edge INTJ stuff, it would be outwardly incomprehensible to most)... No one would watch that movie, that would be two hours of a guy staring at his desk, but it could be the most amazing thing ever...  I guess what I'm saying is I have absolutely no attachment that anything good should be "like" *anything whatsoever*, it almost feels impure by way of counterfeiting or *mere imitation* to even go about thinking about things that way (derivative?)

I know that's probably not what it comes down to for them, so I don't want to sound condescending, but that's my gut instinct.  Also I just wish I could give them that experience, but a part of me knows that's not likely coming from me because I'm so unconventional in that regard.  sigh

edit: in sum, from my perspective, it feels like experiences *must* (to be authentic) be a *byproduct* of something greater--that to go straight for the experience is like buying a BMW and thinking owning one *makes* you richI do think Fe sets a different sort of standard, such that it could probably be, relative to a Te aux who specifically values existential intelligence, perfectly happy in these kinds of situations.  Ultimately the problem, if there is one, is going to go back to the N/S divide, where Fe might get frustrated if feelings are getting hurt or whatnot, because of miscommunications, etc.  I also think if *my personal Te* was about nearly anything else it would be less of a fulcrum to die over (shoulda been a doctor).  In fact, my personal thinking is that S and F are probably the closest of the functions such that most the time there is considerable overlap, and that itself can lay out a strong basis for shared experience, values, goals, mutuality, etc.  

I do think long term you'd need to pay homage to your own Ni in some way, because in my opinion INFJs need a way to spread their Fe in a more universal way than ISFJs which are committed to being dedicated to a single or a select few people, where it feels like INFJs need to be world priests or something like that.  I think ultra long term it might even get a little boring for you because you will have basically "solved" her but made relatively little progress on the whole world.  Maybe you could integrate her into that larger pursuit but it would be hard for me to shake a feeling of her being like, "a little helper" or something.  I suppose I have a degree of irreducible cynicism within me I need to deal with.  I do wish you the best however, and hope to be wrong about all thatIts the kinship between two people that know the other one is picking up on the same thing they are, but its the kind of thing that also goes unnoticed by most everyone else.  For most your life you feel different and alone in a crowd, but now its like you've got this other person and you're both in on an inside joke so that you can be free to be yourself and not think it will result in total alienation.  Its validation normal people take totally for granted, but a few live most (or all) of their lives without.  Once you have that with another person it feels so incredibly comfy that it engenders a ton of goodwill towards one another, regardless of other differences.I agree with your post entirely, but would like to point out it relies on the assumption that "contrast" is related to appearance, which you use explicitly, and I think on that point you are entirely consistent.  However, I think if we talk about *actual* differences, not mere appearance (typified by more superficial social interactions) then the contrast between N and S is *much* greater than differing attitudes of like functions

for example, at first blush, I know I would look a lot more like an ISTJ, exactly as you said, but when it comes to deeper relations over longer periods of time, I would be in actual congruence with an ENFP to a greater degree than ISTJ.  Not because we are "different but complimentary", but because that shared intuition is **so fundamental** it *recedes from view*, which gives rise to precisely the phenomenon we're talking about.  Thus I would say from the point of view of the sensor your analysis is probably complete, but from the point of view of the N-in-the-world, upon reflection I think they would agree that the contrast of opposite attitudes is mainly superficial

In fact, I think you could take it one step further and even say that just as, for example, Ti and Te ultimately converge at their fundament, but only show up differently in how they go about what it is they do--so do all the functions at their highest levels--i.e. supremely developed Te and Fe are likely to be aiming at the same thing which would be certain utopian ideals, etc.  I think from this light it shows that **no** two functions differ more than sensing and intuition, because it fundamentally shifts what *is* and thus the downstream effects of *that* create divergence (rather than convergence) unlike *every other function* when compared to one another

if you view them proximate to one another, I can see N and S differences being almost imperceptible, but the more you zoom out the greater they become, which is inverse to the other functions, but the enormity of which can't be understatedI don't buy into socionics at all.  To me, it seems like they take the nugget of insight Jung developed and then just totally lose the plot with it, trying to create connections too tenuous to justify except in limited cases.  I get what they're saying here, but it just feels so half baked.  Some of their stuff is interesting because you can see how what they're getting at plays out some of the time, but it feels like they went full tvtropes trying to categorize things without the insight to back it up so it reads like a lot of half truths and pseudo insights (wrapped up in a lot of charts and graphs), to me (essentially restatements of what was contained in Jung, when on track, speculative leaps when not)...  the result being it feels trivially mundane or simply off base

its like they got overexcited about their hobby and wanted to continue Jung's work, but weren't equal to the task.  Its like the fan-movie of Jungian cognitive functions

However, none of that is directed at you... as far as what you're saying we're in accord.  I also think your point about how 4th and 8th functions are hard to distinguish because of their common immaturity is captured relatively elegantly in Jung's idea of shadow functions (in that our shadow is given form by what we *don't* do, such that the cognitive function that occurs the least frequently ((both attitudes taken together)) would provide the least outward basis to judge).  If you think about it though, I think the same idea I originally ventured holds here too, that Si v Ni in the 8th position, while hard to discern at first, actually has far ranging implications.  

Now I'm getting kind of far afield, but I would say actually your 8th function is supremely important to be aware of and to consciously attempt to develop because it has the potential to transform you in a way no other function can.  In a way, one's life is given a great deal of shape by what they try their hardest to avoid, and the 8th function thereby provides a lot of character definition--it is also likewise the key to the greatest strides in development.  Its in a lot of ways, the "face your fears" function that by doing so we are acting somewhat heroically, so while Se and Si may show up similarly to the outsider, the difference *internally* is massive because even more than Se (for an INTJ) Si has immense possibility for the individual precisely because of its sharp contrast to the rest of the person.  This is probably bias, but I think from an inward perspective I can think of no greater delta between that of Ni and Si (no wonder they are 1 and 8, respectively, then).


I don't have anything to add, but I'm with you on thisYou're not going to find a sufficiently Ti answer to justify belief in God.  If there were such a thing it would close the book on the issue but, in doing so, turn him into a conceptual mummy: rather, in the mind of the believer, he needs to occupy a position of something that cannot be objectively demonstrated so as to provide personal meaning to the idea of belief in him.  In other words, its how we understand ourselves and relate to ourselves relating to the universe that is important.  Belief in God is in that sense a statement of identity that one is not compelled to believe in but rather can choose to do so (or not) freely.  Its that self identification with God that is "alive" and subjectively the crucial element.  Not everyone has to go one way or the other on the idea.  Complete homogenization of the God issue is only appealing to the zealot or anti theist but both are pathological extremes  (ironically they share the most important psychological features despite going to great lengths to distinguish themselves).Not only that but if you back off it a bit, you could conceptualize the categorical imperative as being fundamentally ruled by long-term Te principles (what does a morality *require* to be equilibrated long term?, etc).  If anything Consequentialism is a form of Se, hence its popularity and shallowness

I think really what you're getting at is more of an S/N divide, because Fe coming from a Sx perspective is going to lean consequentialist, in that they're interested primarily in what happens in the next 5 minutes, where NiFe tends to be more mystical in their thinking, and NiTe and NeTi tend to look at the absolute cogency and consistency of a thing over the long term (because of either the deep practical considerations of developing a universal ethic or because of the inherent intellectual requirements of formulating such a system).  Kant was brilliant because he made the fine point that a morality has implicit in its very idea the requirement that it be practicable and cogent (for *everyone* all at the same time) otherwise it would be essentially unfair and that entails an inherent contradiction that undermines morality itself.  This is a fundamentally intuitive idea because of its long range implications.  People that don't "feel the force" of this concept see no problem with consequentialism and thus tend to find it more psychologically convincing.

Utilitarianism is quite popular among sensors with tertiary Ni because it entails the appearance of just enough depth that a lightweight would deem it sufficient.  Its why there's the distinct feeling of arguing with a teenager whenever anyone champions utilitarianism (from an Ni dom perspective), whether they be literal teenage NTs or adult ISPsI think what you're describing is switching gears to Ti mode.  I do this too as an INTJ, because Ni is often unwelcome in law school (sounds weird, but they don't want revolutionaries or prophets, they want technicians)...  There's a palpable feeling to it, where you shut off a part of yourself to focus on the most formal and objective aspects of the subject matter.  It can actually be kind of grating on Ni because there's a forest-for-trees exchange going on sometimes, but they can't always go into the weeds (or forest, as it were) and need to focus on more universally cognizable aspects of the topic in order to teach it to everyone, so my Te can appreciate that&gt; It is in thinking about how actions affect people that we evaluate whether our current rules benefit people's lives and are morally correct.

so in other words your argument is circularso are you making an argument or a description?  what is your argument, if you're making one?  

if it is merely that consequences matter when formulating public policy-- that is trivially true and not contested.  It is a question of whether the consequences of an act *make* that act morally good or not (people often conflate the practical necessity of having a public policy or law with individual *morality*).  This is fundamentally a psychological question, because what people find to be good is going to be a product of their own subjectivity.  Whether or not such a thing is *objectively* good is harder to get at, but what Kant accomplished was establishing the necessary preconditions for such a thing.  Whether or not he missed the mark with his own moral theory, he was dead-on in spotting the intellectual (logical) difficulty in formulating such a theory objectively, which is his main contribution and the overall thrust of the deontological idea

good policy is not fundamentally moral, it is simply a policy that meets the goals of its constituents in an efficient way.  it is fundamentally relative.  further, policy is informed by statistics which erase the primary difficulty in utilitarian reasoning, which is predicting the future.  when you reduce individuals into a collective via abstraction it fundamentally changes the character of your deliberation, allowing for certain moves that would otherwise not be appropriate (stalin was a big advocate of this process).  thus consequentialist reasoning in regards to public policy ameliorates the two primary difficulties in moral reasoning which is value foundation (is-ought problem is solved by mass appeal--democracy) and appealing to the future (via reducing individual existence to mass statistics--what is unpredictable in an individual scenario becomes a numbers game--playing that game from the first person perspective is sociopathic, but from top down the only responsible way to govern, etc).  

in any case, shallow people tend to gravitate towards utilitarianism because its low hanging fruit.  they don't need to grasp any of the above.. in fact, doing so is massively inconvenient.  of course, there is also the person that thinks lying is always wrong no matter what and without considering *why*, but I don't think its proper to call them deontological so much as completely morally and philosophically naive.  they may *appear* deontological, but they are not.  whereas a utilitarian who *fully grasps* utilitarianism *is* shallow.  deontology entails a *why* to adimt itself, as does utilitarianism (or consequentialism in general--they're interchangeable for the purposes of this discussion) if you compare the two, you must compare the two fairly, with the "whys" in tact.  when you do so you will see utilitarianism as fundamentally the shallower philosophy (in a sensory v intuitive sense) 

atheism, reductive materialism (in the philosophical sense), utilitarianism are like the unholy triad of sensory personalities:  they admit no intuitions (God, spirit, or a morality that rises above mere *management* of *things*).

this is why all your scientismist INTJs are more likely ISTPs who don't understand intuition or intuitive concepts like *what its like* to actually be an INTJ (or any Nx--I bet NiFe would really blow their minds).  but they got to keep up with the joneses on the internet.  utilitarianism and the above triad is like the hood rich of intellectualismI really doubt this considering at the heart of deontology is the idea that nothing can be said to be good without qualification but a good will.  A sociopath with a manual of what consequences society deems acceptable or even desirable is a lot more likely to embraced (in fact he would likely be the *most* moral person, by those standards), whereas he could not summon a good will even if he tried according to deontological ethics.  However, the real operative principle here is how via your hypothetical you erased the distinction between appearance and actuality by framing it in terms of "function within society" versus "actual moral behavior according to the terms of each theory."  The former sets a standard that anyone can meet via appropriate action but fundamentally misses the point of morality itself, which is that it is something more than outward behavior.  

In other words, it is shallow to interpret deontological ethics as mere adherence to maxims for their own sake, which does, in fact, on its surface sound sociopathic.  Rather, it is that adherence to maxims appropriately formulated is the *only* way to reach a morality that is universally cogent and universal cogency is a precondition for any morality to not disintegrate under the weight of its own contradictions.

In other words, if you take an entirely sensory approach to ethics then consequentialist ethics take on a shinier veneer of morality, but this is projecting a lack of depth onto the entire project that leaves no "side" untouched.  Both are equally ammoral because they don't consider the underlying meaning and importance of human value that morality itself is *aimed* at, which renders the entire hypothetical as fundamentally having missed the point and is thus of little valueIts the "from" part they share.  In other words, finding the linkage is intuition, but whether they're expanding it or shrinking it determines whether its Ne or Ni.  In other words, Ne would be taking one thing and jumping into like possibilities, whereas Ni would take one thing as a subset of something larger, in essense subordinating it to something larger--a oneness that encompasses all.  Ne likes to expose any perceived (but "false") oneness by opening up any cracks it can find.  Ne comes off as a little trolly whereas Ni is kind of judgey or pretentious

to fully answer your question we would need more detail and context, but prima facie it sounds like Ni-- "this is all the same" sounds to me like "this all operates under one unifying principle" however, depending on how it came about, I could see an ENTP using Ne to challenge someone who thinks otherwise with the same statement.  your hypothetical is ambiguous so its no wonder its answer is uncertainby ambiguous i just mean susceptible to two (or more) interpretations, such that this is precisely an example where the difference between Ne and Ni is unclear, but not because the actual difference between Ne and Ni is ambiguous but because the factual scenario as presented does not sufficiently provide enough to distinguish the two

in other words, this is a poor example to clarify the difference between Ni and Ne because it could go either way, as given.  

but lets suppose its an ENTP suggesting that this thing is just like this other thing in contradiction to the initial statement that they're different.  This would be Ne exposing potential holes in the original reasoning, they reach their conclusion by recognizing and expanding the possibilities in play

an INTJ might be saying this without having been prompted or in reaction to someone proposing the two things are fundamentally distinct by recognizing both are subordinate to a common conceptual unity that ties them together, making one "just like" the other----the conceptual unity in this case not being *any* potential one, as in the case of the ENTP, but the *one* of the INTJ

in short, Ni would reduce things to a oneness or to a singular constellation (the closely-held and personal *one* of the individual Ni), where Ne would expand into multiplicities of idea-relations (freely and without attachment to any particular one).  saying x is just like y could be indicative of either, without contextlanguage is fundamentally a form of thinking, so if you judge something according to its formal linguistic manifestation every thought could be said to be thinking (and indeed it commonly is).  However Ni and Ne have to be expressed *somehow* so while you could think of this as thinking I think that's a Tx projection.  Let us presume he's actually talking about intuition when he says he is however (by the way, if you've ever read Derrida, I feel this is what he's hitting on, albeit he understands it in different terms)

also I disagree with your characterization of Ne, but it may be based in what we consider "grounded."  I think of Ne as the function most likely to consider "if these two people were toasters, what brands would they be?"  In a certain sense that is grounded (it is "grounded" in the sense that it refers back to something i.e. the people at hand)--but completely not-grounded in another (conceptually very abstract).  Accordingly, I think it might be technically accurate, albeit misleading to call Ne "grounded"-- it is just as much the "take flight" function in the conceptual sense

In other words, it always refers to something (its "ground"), but of all the myriad possibilities, the creative effort it took to summon whatever particular one-of-many at hand is itself a flight of fancy that few could have predicted, and its that effort itself that is unique or something other than mechanical/predictable (i.e. thinking).  the fact that *this* not *that* out of everything that could be mentioned is itself a tiny miracle  and "grounded" has connotations more mundane or mechanistic than it deserves (in my mind).ENTPs: skinny, early hair loss, high energy, super friendly, bright, nerdy but not totally obvious at first glance like INTPs.  always nice, never mean, although sometimes misunderstood as such because of people misinterpreting them.  occasionally gauche but not in a low way.  likely to get a belly as they age but otherwise stay skinny everywhere else

INTPs: quintessential nerds, but the happy kind.  usually pleasant to be around.  doesn't give off the feeling like its "trying" to be something, unlike INTJ

INTJs: the moody kind of nerds, most likely to be a traditional neckbeard when young.  more likely than INTP to think they come off as an anime character (they don't)

ISTJ: goal oriented, even if they never talk about it.  female INFJs and ISTJs give off similar vibes until you get to know them both deeply, then you see differences.  primarily related to reserved nature combined with standard feminine socialization.  they do outwardly  similar things in inwardly different ways, but goals appear surprisingly alike.  **the ISTJ/INFJ feminine overlap is characterized by their common love of big dogs**

ISFP: most likely to be "that" girl, rubs all the ISFJs the wrong way in the work place (but they rarely know why).  comes off as a little zany.  says what comes to mind regardless of the fairly predictable reception (i.e. unwelcome... oversharers)ISTP's: type most likely to need a shower.  Even the (often very beautiful) females and the freshly washed give off an intangible vibe of griminessdon't take it too literally, its a vibe they give off.  I freely admit they're sometimes the cleanest people around.  its like they've got dirty soulsENTJs: their gaze should be considered sexual assault and made punishable accordingly.  I feel used just being in the same room as them
healthy INTPs make me think it might be ok (or even cool) to be a nerd, but then I remember I'm an INTJ and can't get over myself

hubert dreyfus is like this (a really cool INTP)

also you can be a nerd about non-nerdy stuff.  INTP lyfethat's funny because when I feel like I'm in the presence of an INTP they make even non nerdy stuff nerdy with their nerdlike approach, which is like the complete opposite of what you're saying (doing nerdy things in a non nerdlike manner), although I suppose this is likely how the INTP perceives whatever they do, which is what makes it so sincere and endearing.  In other words, its precisely their abandon that comes with that own lack of self awareness of how they're perceived that allows themselves to immerse fully in whatever it is they're on about and makes them such highly effective delversI mean to be fair the "dead giveaways" are the cognitive functions themselves.  In other words "you're an INTJ if you Ni (dom) and Te (aux)."  What you're really asking for is a kind of heuristic for determining what those are via outward behavioral manifestations (a shortcut to the giveaway, if you will...), but no worries; I'm here for youEven a dolled up ISTP looks like she could at any moment jump into a mud pit should the opportunity arise

I mean this with the utmost respect

its sort of like how if you're living for retirement you're in some sense already retired (if anyone knows this reference...).. I feel like ISTPs are *already* in the mud pit

not that there's anything wrong with that, of course (mud pits are cool)I would also like to add, I consider myself an Ni dom and I'm the *opposite* of a visual person.  Like for years I found "visual learners" super annoying (but couldn't put my finger on why).  And I never had pictures in my mind.  It was more like a form of knowing that defies description, but is holistic and because of that it outwardly gets described as "visual" to people who don't already intuitively recognize it for what it is.

In other words, "visual" is what sensors understand Ni as, but its not what Ni understands itself as, or what Ni *really* is.  Rather its a metaphor down the ladder of abstraction towards concretion, but not the thing itself, at all.  I find visual explanations of things distracting and often misleading or confusing.  However, if you asked me to explain Ni I might say I "see" things "all at once" in the same way you might be able to see an image and focus on various parts and then on the whole and see how it all fits.  In that sense Ni is alike, but its not at all "visual" in any sort of sensory meaning of the word.

A visual learner to me is how more concretized thinkers represent more complex interwoven relationships, but its a kind of "map" for the thing.  For me I feel like I access those complexities directly and many times a "map" boggles my mind because it seems reductionist and raises as many questions as it answers, if not more.

Therefore, I feel like it is a sensory projection to think of visualizations as indicative of Ni, rather it is how sensors tend to represent Ni ideas to themselves, but it is the sign and never the thing itself... however if you hung out with sensors long enough they'd describe the sensors with the best grasp on intuitive concepts as visual perhaps because the one with the most visualizations would have the largest arsenal of maps at their disposal and be most adept at assimilating intuitive concepts, but it would be a mistake to think of them as intuitive qua intuition.  However, I can see how it is in the nature of the sensory apprehension of the world to not make such a sharp divide between appearance and reality such that this could be a very hard thing for them to grasp, because a native intuitive might look *identical* to a sensor with a lot of maps at their disposal.  So from that vantage point the whole thing might be impossibly metaphysical and inscrutable I love following your journey, chubbywombats; good to hear from you.  I think you should keep posting.  it might look like its a brick wall sometimes but it all adds up

(Im still convinced youre an INTJ) ((not that the label is all that important))I don't think ENTPs take special offense to it.  In fact they might be less likely to care than, say, an ISFJ.  But I imagine Ne gets accusations thrown its way a lot by its free-thinking nature, and *those* might get pretty tiresome after a while, such that a sensitivity or, more appropriately, a kind of fatigue develops over it

ENTP is the type most likely to try and explode cherished notions of traditional order (not as part of a concerted campaign like an INTJ might, but rather out of sheer amusement and curiosity) and morality so I imagine they get a lot of shade for that.  After a while I bet they get tired of people making it personalI could see ISFP!  Fi is so layered it might come across as Ni sometimes

to me the difference is that Fi is less organized, hence ISFPs being "all over the place" but not as a result of intuition rather its the multilayered texture of Fi that contains multitudes within itself.  Very much "I contradict myself? very well..", which is not something intuition does so freelyI think its safe to say whatevers going on its related to Fi, which can be a real lynchpin for IxTJs; or maybe you simply lead with it

I will say that some female ISTJs tend to act a lot like ISFJs because the impression they're left with via socialization is that that (the ISFJ) is "proper"; but they're sort of  just simulating an ISFJ.  However its the kind of thing that when asked about their values they'd profess ISFJ ones, but its all a product of their socialization and was mostly arrived at through (sensory) Te evaluation of norms and tradition, thus one could easily get ISFJ on tests or think one one was one based on descriptionsyou're right that in terms of cognitive functions ISFJs don't really take moral criticism (as Fi) to heart.  They tend to be relativistic to the needs of the group.  However, accusations of ammorality carry with it serious potential for ostracization, which I do think the ISFJ would react strongly to  

I guess it really depends on who's accusing them.  If its some ivory tower intellectual whom they have no attachment to, they couldn't care less.  But if its like a family blowup and its the group accusing them, they'd really defend themselves (whereas an ENTP would be like "Ill take you all on!!").  I was thinking of the latter scenario but not really being clear about it

to clarify further, the ISFJ would be upset and try to demonstrate that they are moral because they care, and such and such was the right thing to do.  ISFJs have a very peculiar form of defensiveness which is hard to describe but unmistakeable when you see it, where they're really trying to both make a direct Fe appeal to those around them but at the same time integrate some Te into why whatever they did makes sense, but its sort of subject to the Fe plea for understanding and only comes out when its not clear whatever they did was best (I guess you could call it a form of pseudo-reasoning)... in any case, an ENTP wouldn't care much for "smoothing things over" but rather want to argue the actual intellectual point (however the consequence of being right should result in people "getting over it" at least in theory--so there is a kind of potential smoothing embedded in there).  In other words, the ISFJ might argue an ostensible Te position for Fe reasons whereas an ENTP might look slightly Fe when going against the group but it would primarily be a Tx issue to them, its just that Tx has to reckon with Fe consequences just like Fe has to reckon with Tx when pressed

the peculiarity of ISFJ reasoning under fire I think comes from the fact that the Te reasoning is mostly pretext to a underlying Fe appeal, hence the reasoning can be "shoddy" but make a weird kind of sense.  ISFJs are good at getting people to agree with rather (upon closer examination) poorly supported conclusions.   I call this "marshaling group opinion" which is somewhat different than "reasoning" although there is definitely a "reason" all its own to it (a yes, a no, a straight line, a goal).I'm just saying that visualization is a metaphor and you don't actually see pictures

at least not in the concrete kind of wayI think it shows up as intensity.  Fi in the tert position tends to be powerful, yet outwardly subdued.  It doesn't get paid a lot of attention.  You won't hear an ISTJ go on and on about how they feel (justice, unfairness, attraction, love, life plans, frustrations, etc).  They will experience all these things, and occasionally vocalize their thoughts on them, but they wont go *on and on* about them without solicitation the way an IxFP will.  The IxTJ visits that area, or tries to ignore it/downplay it sometimes, but the IxFP *lives there* and it definitely shows.

From my point of view as an INTJ, I see a resemblance in the ISFP towards myself, but a version of me only if I was totally self indulgent all the time, instead of like 5% of the time.  Like they vocalize the same thoughts about feelings as I've had, but I keep to myself because I don''t think anyone wants to hear them, and I'm not sure about them, and I'm not comfortable with that kind of constant out-there vulnerability.  Whereas the ISFP looks to me like they just go ham with it

also I think the difference between Te over Fi is telling.  Whereas Fi over Te (inferior) looks like they view the world in contradictory terms (i.e.: they tend to make false equivalences a lot, or other errors in reasoning, because they *feel* like the two things are comparable and add up) whereas Te in front tends to subjugate Fi, so that Te "tells" Fi how to feel, instead of Fi essentially coming to conclusions with little regard for how they may be objectively viewed (only inasmuch as it may present an obstacle, but their inner conviction is never swayed by Te critique).

ISFPs make silly arguments that would never hold up in court, but in a weird way you can see what they mean.  However its formulated in terms that by no means prove their point.  By all objective standards their reasoning can be flawed and fail to prove whatever it sets out to do, but that doesn't at all change the ISFPs view--they tend to just repeat themselves with greater conviction.  Whereas an INTJ would tend to rethink their position if presented with sufficiently strong evidence, and more than that, they'd really have a change in feeling.  Like you could really present an argument in such terms that it would emotionally reach an IxTJ whereas it seems like ISFPs take arguments the way IxTJs take emotions, which is to say they look at them as reflections of perspective and not authoritative or persuasive in of themselves, no matter how watertight they are

in other words, when I, as an INTJ, hear someone offload emotionally I figure they're telling me about themselves not necessarily the world.  With the IxFP its the opposite: its the emotions that have authority and (thinking) arguments are just ways to convey perspective, but carry no authority themselves.  If I present a logical argument to an IxFP its the equivalent of them saying "this is how I feel" to me.  They see it as "this is how he thinks" not necessarily "this is true"... what is true is their emotional stateI think there's many different causes of mental illness, but I think some can be understood in terms of typology.  For example, I think anxiety can be a feature of Ni unconsciously perceiving difficulties, contradictions, potential trouble, etc that is going consciously ignored.  I think the more sensitive your intuition is (how high up in your stack), the more likely you are to experience anxiety (all the more if your aux is arrested).  Our aux is how we process our perceptions.  If an INTJ is not utilizing Te (commonly because they grew up or continue to live primarily around Fx types, which continually frustrates Te if the Fx types in authority are not sufficiently mature) well enough to process what intuition is feeding it, all that unconscious perception turns into unmitigated anxiety (essentially constant danger that never gets resolved).

In other words, depression can manifest in an INTJ when they unconsciously perceive a ton of difficulty, but their efforts in addressing it have been stymied to the point of learned helplessness.  the result is apathy and a warped Fi which then exacerbates the anxiety leading to depression (a downward spiral).  This is only one way this can happen... so in a way typology can explain mental issues rather than be confounded by them.  But I think from the first-person perspective it makes things difficult because clearly seeing yourself is in many ways a solution to mental illness, such that mental illness and difficulty typing oneself are both symptomatic of deeper issues that is common cause to both those things...

there's no easy answer to your question because every situation is a little different.  the trick is to figure yourself out first, not necessarily the entire schema of typology and global mental illnessNi doms are by definition rare.  Let that sink in.  Intuition itself is everywhere.  Literally everyone (minus autists) have it.  What people have trouble with is telling the difference between N dominance and everything else, when they're on the everyone else-side of it.  Of course from that point of view all you see is that which is comprehensible, which is ubiquitous intuition (this is why MBTI can *never* be fully scientific--it would have to be universally perceptible and it just isn't).  If you weren't a sensor you wouldn't be asking this question

I don't expect that vast majority of people to understand this

The real question is, why does intuition being rare seem more offensive than a mere factual mistake (of any other kind--like a spelling error--is that not what this is?)?  It is not the case that intuition is *better*, in fact if you take an [evolutionary view](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/51m6dq/so_like_why_again_are_intuitives_supposed_to_be/d7d8rid) of the functions it has spun itself out to be worse.  People just want what they can't have, and the line of reasoning in OP is just one (uniquely sensory) way to try and achieve that (by suggesting if we altered the labeling schema it would actually reflect a real change--put this way its superficiality is exposed)

in many ways for intuition to be intuition and for the personality system to "work" there has to be scarcity, such that if we were all INTJs INTJ would lose all meaning.  We would literally render meaningless the entire system.  This is a far ranging intuitive concept that sensors won't fully understand.  All they see is "my number on the prevalence of type is bad."  A very sensory take on the whole issue.  The reason MBTI is more popular amongst intuitives is because they understand on a deep level what MBTI is really saying, whereas for sensors its more like a gold star thing, and they'd like to rework the system so "everyone wins" but that is antithetical to the insight of the system itself (first of all because its not about rarity or winning or anything like that--its about understanding yourself and relationships within the context of something that pays homage to intuition itself--something the world almost never does--because it *cannot*--of course intuitives flock to it).  It literally sets itself up by defining these little corners of personality (that by definition are not universally perceptible--which is a metaphysical claim that rings true for only a subset of the population)

I understand that to the sensory Ti this reads as "it makes me feel special so it must be true and I like it" but thats actually a sensory projection onto it that reduces all the actual meaning out of it (sensors will be the first to throw the "gold-star" accusation around), and its *precisely that* read of things that leads to critiques of the system that seeks to rework it in order to undo that (we're all intuitives! its 50/50! socionics!).  In other words its not the intuitive take on things, rather its a projection of the sensory take which is "it *doesnt* make me feel special so it must *not* be true and I *don't* like it"

intuitives really own the concept that intuition isn't better therefore aren't actually guilty of what sensors project onto them, but sensors who only see what "they can't have" are working under the assumption that they're being slighted somehow and project that insecurity onto intuitives thinking somehow intuitives *want* it to be that way and that its not real and its this slight of hand intuitives perpetrated on the world.  at this point most sensors would just call MBTI unscientific and walk away happy to live their lives, but theres always those tertiary Nis that want to remake the system because they think if they could do so it would somehow change reality (even though it would change nothing---but these kind of naive efforts are somewhat typical of people who can't see the entire circle for what it is--they get lead by the nose by short range goals).  At the end of the day, it really doesn't matter what percentage of people "get called" x or y, the real beauty of MBTI is that its meaningful despite how people tend to mess it up--thus there's nothing to fix

sensors are always going to take offense to the non-N "witch hunt", whereas N's aren't going to give a shit to because its an emergent property of reality as they live it.  Life is literally one experience after another (for intuitives) where this exact drama plays out in different ways--thus this post, the witch hunt, sensors being sensors, the whole thing is just more evidence that the witch hunt is justified.  the whole thing is a microcosm.  the same thing that leads to this debate, the MBTI system in general, and lived-experience in general, is along the exact lines Jung drew in discovering psychological types to begin with. if sensors weren't bitching about witch hunts and misunderstanding intuition, Jung wouldn't have had a theory to begin with and none of us would be here.  In a way you've got to pick--MBTI with witch hunts or no psychological typing at all (then we're left with the big 5 or whatever else can be objectively measured)... what provides the interest in MBTI is precisely what gives rise to this debate.  its why socionics will never take off, its literally MBTI for sensors--almost a contradiction in terms--that project has already been thought-through to its conclusion and positivism reduced it to the big 5 (which is fine, and I like it)

the bottom line is I am physically awkward with objects in the world (largely due to my spatial awareness), and to admit to that no one blinks an eye, but to suggest there might be heightened levels of abstract awareness meets with a lot of resistance--yet no one denies that "bright" people are rare.  In this way society idealizes intuition, because its been ok for a while now to cop to poor sensory ability, yet no one wants to admit to being "stupid" and all its subsets (of which lack of intuition, regretablly, falls under), such that everyone has to believe they possess it in sufficiently high capacities because, as a kind of cultural assumption, we have internalized that *not* possessing it is "bad"--this is the answer to my first question 

so the issue is at least 2 pronged: it is a question of values as to why anyone should even care and a question of conceptual validity which many fail to sufficiently think through as such, but its these two things, at least in part, that explain the present phenomenon of "fake Ns" and the resentment of the accused or the insecure, etc

if this comes off as psychobabble to most people then I will have succeeded in explaining myselfNi (dom) just has a hard time defining the line between God and Self

hence militant atheism and the original saying

but whatever it is, they believe in it!I actually feel like the increase in prevalence of real Ns is commensurate to the increase in fake ones, so while you're right more flock to reddit, the same factors that attract them also give rise to more wanna-bes

in other words, it cannot solely be the case that its just a high concentration of Ns, because *internet*, but rather that fakeness is a legit issue as well and that the two offset eachother almost perfectly in concordance with real life, such that the witch hunt, while intensified, is still equally justified here, because the underlying principles are still operative, the occasion is just furnished to a heightened degree yes, no where did I mean to imply anyone would be *wrong* to call MBTI unscientificNi dominance was conceived as being fundamentally an outlier--that which gave definition to a phenomenon but also served to, by contrast, position *all* of the functions.  extroversion, introversion, thinking, feeling, even sensing were all concepts that had been around by Jung's time, rather it how he gridded them out with the addition of intuition that provided the kind of clarity that had up until that time been lacking.  If you read *psychological types* you will see that he occasionally goes over passages written by other psychologists and points out how they have a crude understanding because of this lack of granularity.  In other words, intuition was the keystone that unlocked the entire theory and created the kind of understanding that was much more consistent, whereas until then the thinking was murky (introverted intuition and feeling and sensation were commonly confused, etc).  It was the missing piece of the puzzle that if its not used to define rare border cases the entire cogency of the theory breaks down--although that is not obvious at first glance

intuition is rare enough that it was the last function--by a mile--to be identified, but it was only until it was that we could have a cogent theory of personality.  People literally understood thinking feeling and sensation for millenia before intuition was given a technical definition.  the reason is because you can understand *most* (almost all) personality via the rest, but you can never close the loop without intuition.  It defines the borders, if it is common it is no longer intuition because they are no longer border states

intuition is more than a badge of honor, or however sensors perceive it, it has an actual function within the theory that can't yield to insecurity, because if it did we'd lose the theory as such.  its a gift of the magi scenario (an idea that is fundamentally a metaphor for poor intuition).  whatever one thinks they're gifting themselves by making intuition common actually evaporates the occasion to do so

there is an ceaseless human urge towards atavism when it comes to Jung (it is a testament to his greatness that he inspired such constant and unyielding pushback--only someone who advanced us so radically could attract such effort from otherwise uninteresting parties)I think Ti has, and Si *can*, map out chess sufficiently that you don't need Ni to win 99.999% of your matches.  only in (extremely) rare cases would Ni provide the edge, if you had two equally adept Ti or Si types who had mastered chess.  

Someone who has a thorough systematic (Ti) understanding of chess, will beat Ni every time, if Ni doesn't also have the same base.   Chess is just a form of competitive symbolic thinking (by the non technical definition) in the same way sports are symbolic warfare.  Ni doesn't need to reinvent the wheel every time it plays.  Good Ti is sufficient for everything other than innovating at the elite level.

That's what people need to understand about Tx--its a formalization for the purposes of transmission of what was once only someones intuition.  But once its been codified in language *anyone* can possess its power.  Chess has been around long enough and is sufficiently simple that Tx has mapped its possibilities to its near-limit.  Thus chess skill is more often a sign of Tx (rather than Nx).

Ni is literally wasting its time if its trying to reinvent something that's already been perfected in Tx codification.  Its like trying to redesign the wheel in order to use your car every time you want to go somewhereyeah it could get a little bumpy for Fe; fortunately for me, the comments only demonstrate the veracity of my point, and I find that [really gratifying](http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/a9/a9ed842f739e930dc8e9340bafbbaeaf77994c50c74fc6a86b046b54cb9b2c59.jpg) in a Te kind of way I think so too: as in what do you hold in higher regard? someone who sticks to their guns no matter what or someone who is flexible and willing to modify their positionha! spoken like a true SP.  To be fair, I can't change my own oil; so to each their ownyeah its like when people can't get into sportsIf an INTJ loves you they will (genuinely try to) change for you

and not in a superficial (manipulative, apparent) way, but in a deep way; vanity and laziness is the perfect recipe for always re-drawing the box around you (moving the goalposts) so you're always right and never have to change.  Love is putting someone else at the center, rather than yourself

this is one of the hardest things an INTJ can truly endeavor to do, so if they do it you *absolutely know* its because they care deeply about you.  many INTJs will go their entire life without knowing true love

I don't mean "oh we were going to do this now we're going to do that."  This is mere momentary Te type stuff.  I mean radically re-orienting their Ni and Fi towards another person.  A kind of existential shift that takes real effort and (ego) cost, not just Te jockeying, which basically comes "free" from them

Sartre described love as the project of making another person, whom you're fascinated with, fascinated with you.  The question is how far would you go?  What is your commitment to the project?  Do you give up the second bullshit stops working?  Do you take it to the very end of the world--would you rework the world and yourself completely?  the strength of your commitment to the project is telling

if people are attracted to you, they'll just flirt.  Any INTJ worth their salt knows how.  If they're not making any effort they don't care.  Don't buy the "they don't know how line"--if they care, they'd find a way.  Masterminds after allI think Ni feeds into Te creating the distinct feeling of "knowing you *don't know*" something, and it can be really grating.  And its also the same source of feeling once you resolve the issue.  In other words, its this source of meta-awareness of whether you know or don't know something.  I think this is what you mean when you "ask yourself" or have a back and forth with yourself.  At first it might be telling you "you don't know x" then you think about it or research it, and that same invisible being now says "you're good now", or even "keep working, almost there (getting warmer)."  I think this is an emergent property of Ni interacting with Te, with yourself and the subject of your inquiry *both* as objects of Ni perception and Te judgement

I imagine its the abstract equivalent of sensors getting itchy when they see something out of place in the concrete worldIt can be tricky because you could always exhibit Fe traits via Te thinking, i.e.: you may act in a Fe manner just because Te determined that was the way to go (or Fe sensitivity has been societally ingrained--as is the case with women, more so than men).  Or you could be primarily Fe motivated, but that doesn't mean you can't engage in a bit of Te when the situation calls for it.  Either way, I definitely think Ni is at work here.I think what you're describing goes to what fundamentally amounts to maturity, and it probably could also be explained in terms of overall positive vs negative affect (the big 1).  You're right it lies in awareness (whether explicit via MBTI or implicit in life experience), and development, of the tertiary.  I think that's really where the divide between most people lies.  Almost everyone, on a long enough timeline, will develop their aux, but not everyone becomes aware or gets a handle on their tertiary (nevermind inferior).  You could divide these people into two camps: mature and not, and I think there would be a strikingly strong correlation between positive and negative affect (although this could present a chicken or egg difficulty)

chaos itself implies a randomness or unpredictability that easily could easily be the product of unconscious tertiary running amok.  Once you get a handle on it you find your "center" so to speak and aren't so unstable.  this is a kind of existential chaos v order and has nothing to do with, say, outward organization or neatness, etcI love this.  Further, I think anyone who says or thinks they can "read people" is likely a sensor for this reason.  People think because its a little woo woo it must be intuition (and because it sounds like the common usage of intuition, rather than the technical one), but I don't think anything could be farther from the truth.  I think, if anything, appearances are massively deceiving and people are almost impossible to really know... my intuition tells me all the reasons why what I'm seeing might not be what it appears, such that I (almost) never know whats going on with people with any certainty... at least not without having a probing in-depth conversation first

even then I'll chew on and revisit conversations days later and for hours at a time.  the idea that I got a handle on it in the moment is so alien to me.  I am forced to mostly go off what people are telling me is the case in the moment (common INTJ stereotype) in order to proceed (even if I have my doubts I tend to take people at their word for immediate purposes).  its why I value honestly so highly, because I feel like its the only way to really get anything done as a practical matter, in the momentI think you're right, and I think perhaps by way of analogy it can be made clearer.  Ne, for example, why when comparing things does it choose *this* and not *that*?-- i.e.: if humans were toasters... what causes Ne quirkiness to settle on *that* as a subject of inquiry when humans could be metaphorically compared to almost anything?

As such Se does the same thing but with physical objects.  Talking about flies seems mundane but think of competitive sports, where focusing on one thing over another is *not* a matter of thinking, but too complex (and quick) to simply be random or mechanistic (pure determined reflex).  It has to, in some sense, be guided by the unconscious calculus of the Se function.  Those in-the-moment choices can be quite complex and are bundled and delivered with a quickness in the same way Nx can package and understand complex abstract relations all at once, but without "unpacking" it via Tx.

In the same way Nx guides our attention via unconscious considerations so too can Sx guide our physical attention and reaction to concrete objects in play.  Its how athletes can appear wonderfully creative in the moment (account for many data points in a elegant, novel, quick, pragmatic way).  It just so happens to be in the realm of the tangible.  In a certain sense it is a function of memory, but in that same way Nx could said to be a function of memory as well...you can think of it as being they interpret the meaning of the event and who they are based on what they're feeling.  So even if objectively they did something that, for example, portrayed them as being manipulative or bad, if they never "felt" i.e. intended that's what they were doing, that (the feeling) is the authoritative statement on who they are.  it is in many ways opposed to thinking that would judge them primarily on what they outwardly manifested and what that points tothere's a difference between having experienced some emotion and then conjuring that feeling up in yourself when you see someone going through something similar, i.e. mirroring it within yourself-- and actively feeling someone else's emotions in the moment without that same inner movement.  the former is how Fi types tend to empathize and the latter is how Fe types proceed.  both can appear to be "mirroring" because its how each type goes about feeling what the other is feeling, however Fi tends to recreate what they expect the feeling is (in the other) within themselves, whereas Fe tends to directly step into the shoes of the other. (stupid, presumptuous Fi types tend to act like they know what I'm feeling even when they're wrong about that, whereas strong Fe types often know what I'm feeling *better than I do*--grasping this fully is quite unnerving--that this could happen--someone knowing you better than you know yourself--via Fi this is impossible at best they could break even, but Fe is capable of such a thing--it is a benefit of extroverted functions--Te can do it as well--"knowing" is used loosely here)

in other words, Fi has a kind of self centered approach towards understanding other people's emotions, whereas Fe is more other centered (this is more or less just a restatement of introverted v extroverted attitudes in general).  It feels like Fe has less control, whereas Fi can be misplaced or innacurate (Fi tends to project thus and can be off base in its assumptions).   I would say Fi is technically described better as "mirroring," but if you think in terms of mirroring as "imitating" others, Fe can look more like that, because Fe can be felt so strongly that the person adjusts themselves so as to maintain a comfortable flow within the group and that stance shift entails a kind of "imitation" (adoption of group opinions, however inauthentic, etc).  However, inwardly, it would be more accurate to say Fi entails "imitation" although outwardly it may not show up at all (one can mirror internally exactly what someone else is feeling, and thus empathize deeply, yet outwardly continue to *cause* said feelings--a form of weaponization when done to harm) (this would be sado-masochistic in the Fe type but could just be sadistic or neutral in the Fi)

Further, because they're not experiencing the feelings directly (rather conjuring the past memory of having experienced them) it is a kind of imitation because its a recreation of the thing rather than a direct experience of it and it is imitation because it relies on both the past and present impressions in order to construct the appropriate emotional experience, which is a second order kind of thing (somewhat prone to error) and not necessarily 100% genuine.  Fi, as empathy, can however be very powerful when it hits the nail on the head because it is not a momentary kind of bond based on proximity (Fe seems like the next person to come along might change everything) but a kind of choice that can resonate and block out everything else under the right circumstances.  (Fe can't help but admit people thus a third party could alter the dynamic, whereas two Fi types on a level together could resonate to the exclusion of everyone else--in fact this is a somewhat idealized form of romantic love--which isn't to say that Fe types can't experience this: just that *they aren't using Fe to do so* rather they are engaging in Fi--something they likely find difficult but is by no means impossible.  I always find Fe types engaging in Fi kind of fascinating and beautiful.  Its kind of like the opposite of bringing someone "out of their shell" and the satisfaction that can illicit for the Xe type that enjoys seeing that)"this stuff" at the broadest possible level, to me, is an intuitive perception.  if it persistently bugs you it is likely a manifestation of tertiary or inferior Nx.  I'm thinking ISFP because of how you've set up a lot of nuance (or contradiction) in your answers.  its how Fi layers come across when not strongly mediated by Nx nor Tx (this is why ISFPs end up in almost interminable conflict it seems sometimes)...here, have an upvote

also, I wasn't calling the function stupid, just that there are individuals of all types who are stupid and a stupid individual who leads with a certain type will show up in a kind of stereotypical way (termed differently: it can be the over reliance on a function in an inappropriate thus self defeating way).  Unfortunately for Fi doms, its irrational nature probably brings this characterization on more often than others, because it tends to be evaluated in terms of thinking--at least when it comes to interpersonal communication via language (in other words, what is self defeating but a form of logic?)

I think Fi tends to be misunderstood because Fi types tend to communicate in ways that make them out to be impossible and contradictory, when its usually the case that they're trying to express *tension* rather than said contradictions.  In other words, saying "a" *and* "not-a" is frustrating for the listener but what they're really saying is something like "I'm experiencing the tension between two things, both of which cannot coexist at the same time, yet I wish they could" or something to that effect.  However, Fi types tend not to go about trying to express themselves in Tx terms such that they are also the least likely to seek out training in order to do so... and as such they can come off as grating to others who simply would like communication to convey strict cogency over authenticity, etc...

You're right though, I think we could all stand to do some more research (and this includes me) and that mean girls are not the end all be all of Fi.  I really appreciate that your heart is in the right place, because I bet its very difficult to get those truths out and yet, despite that, continually make the moral effort to do so.  Fi dominance is, in some sense, a real cross to bearI think its because both academia and the workplace are ordered according to mostly Te principles making ISTJs essentially the ultimate students/worker bees, and thus IxFPs really underappreciated and perceved as disruptive to good order (thus irritating what would otherwise being more neutral and agreeable types like ISFJs, etc).  Thus IxFPs would do well to seek out other environments to find acceptance, otherwise it really will be IxFP vs the world, all the time.  

I think if there's a cogent argument for safe spaces this is it

I also think IxFPs have a hard time being typed because tests reduce questions down to one answer, whereas IxFPs experience multiple things *at once* meaning at any given time they could potentially go either way on any given question, thus they could get wildly varying results across multiple instances.  Even asking them 1 on 1 about cognitive functions would get similar results because they'd likewise potentially answer differently according to how they're verbalizing themselves in that moment.  Verbalization is a form of thinking that tries to crystallize a thing, yet Fi is a river.  ENFP, except that last one is more of a J trait (when emphasized)

I think you might want to let that go as a special consideration anyway and think of it as something everyone wants by default.  by putting emphasis on it, it comes off as wanting to date your momin that case it makes perfect sense: you want to round it out to 5, but couldn't think of anything--just throw in something everyone wants

5 is nice, but 4 is good too.  Like a good, solid, square; or a table, a springboard even, off of which we can launch this glorious discussionI think the question relies on the assumption that society generates the types rather than the amalgam of types generates society as we know it.  According to the latter way of thinking then, your lizard society could only exist if it was first composed of lizards, otherwise it wouldn't be a lizard society.  You, of course, admit as much by making explicit your blank slate axiom, which contains within in it the consequence of lizards being able to generate like categories in some way shape or form, if populated by blank slates of any kind (although in this case, humans).

I think you might like Marcuse's *One-Dimensional Man*.  I also think Nietzsche's essay on the first of the four great errors (confusing cause and effect).in theory anything is possible if you take for granted all the things that make that theory possible.  that is the problem with conspiracy theories, there are a bunch of unknown unknowns making up the ontological structure that makes the conspiracy theory possible, but are patently absurd.   thus the theory can make perfect sense (from the first person perspective), because it flows from what is consciously admitted, but be patently absurd in the eyes of the person who sees whats holding the whole thing up

I would suggest your underlying assumptions about the world should be brought into the light and questioned, rather than their second and third order consequences--as if *those* were the hidden things.  Every paranoid person is mistaking the consequences of their beliefs as the hidden thing rather than the actual core that gives rise to them, hence they're trying to chase down shadows cast, as if they were in the world, when they lie in the soulyes, I think all that you said is true.  Fe is doesn't *necessarily* know you better than you know yourself, just that it *can*.  I also think there is a very subtle shift from Xi to Xe functions though once you begin to predict where someone is going with what they're feeling/thinking.  In other words, Ti can formulate what a person is thinking, but once they begin to predict what the consequences of that thinking will be it becomes a form of Te.  It is true that from the first person perspective they may *experience* as a *recreation* in some sense that thing with more depth (what I think you're describing its like to be you) but we are using knowing in two different ways at that point.  Your point is well taken though that introverted functions can be very powerful and have a lot of depth. That's what I was getting at, with the whole romantic love thing.  I think as a matter of strategy and the colloquial usage of "knowing someone better than they know themselves" to be a form of Xe "knowing" of a person although admittedly that's not the only way "knowing" could be used.  

I am sure INFPs probably think of other Fe users suggesting such a thing as somewhat patronizing, but I imagine they are susceptible to Te in the same way I, as an INTJ, describe high level Fe as having a kind of insight or power over me.  In other words, it would show up as a function of how the two parties' stacks interract.  A high Te user might "know" things about a low Ti user the lower one doesn't know themself, in the same way a high Fe user might about a low Fi user, but it is unlikely that even a master of Te is going to subject a like master of Ti to the same process (its not really worth getting hung up over whether its Te or Ti as indicators of identity--I simply think as a technical matter, it *becomes* an extroverted function once it steps outside oneself--a Xi may "experience" whatever they *think* the other person is experiencing *more* deeply, but it is still ultimately not aimed at the other person--it is still fundamentally self-centered--I think this is a more or less intellectual point that will be very difficult to grasp for some, because powerful introverted functions tend to warp the lines between God/self/other--in fact I'd say things like panentheism are expressions of this--attempts to express super strong Xi)

the third function can be very "dunning-kruger" sometimes too, so I think that's why acknowledging its weakness and other's strength is so weird from the first person perspective--the ego dislikes it because it really de-centers the ego as all-knowing and introduces a lot of potential chaos that otherwise would not be admitted (although in actuality reduces the amount of chaos in one's life by being real and not deluded)...Yes, and for this reason I think ISFJ is likely to think they can read people

INFJs are likely to be just as good, but more aware of the limitation of the idea itself (i.e.: "reading" people is kind of a silly notion)I get what you're saying here, but I also think at a certain point "connecting the given facts" and "consistent with entire worldview" does tend to converge.  It depends on the operative facts.  They may have subsets they think of in terms of a narrative that doesn't apply to the larger whole, but I think in some sense they bracket it within a pragmatic worldview itself, in essence, saying allotting time and energy to concern oneself with integrating it would be a trivial waste of time.  Other subsets one would be highly driven to integrate, and it may even be the case that one sufficiently stimulating could up-end the entire thing and cause the INTJ to reorient everything around it, in essence making the mini narrative the now-controlling one...  In this way, I don't think Ni ever fails to unconsciously try and connect everything, it is just what you call the schema by which they do so.  It is agreed however that an INFJ is more likely to think of things in explicitly moral terms, which classically fits the definition of narrative better (stories, i.e.: narratives, being the original moral tapestry).  Pragmatism as ethical consideration is a kind of convergence of these two ways of understanding the world and mature INTJs seem, in general, highly drawn to it (William James, Jordan Peterson, etc).

In short, sometimes *not* connecting the facts with an explicit moral narrative is the best way to integrate them into a worldview that is judged primarily in terms of effectiveness (but it is still a kind of narrative, very much capable of explication).  This is basically a restatement of Ni + Tethis is phenomenology in a nutshellcongratulations, you've discovered human freedom

the bad news to not being a robot is existence precedes essence (sorry for the cliche)

Nietzsche talks about how either "on/off", as you put it, is just fundamentally weak moral fiber, such that christianity says "off" (pluck out eye if it offends thee) and beasts are merely "on" all the time, but the true moral effort is to forge a middle ground according to one's will

in other words, you're gonna have to work (an ironic return to Christianity:  Genesis 3:17)Perhaps, but I think you're (largely) only as good as your inputs so I'd give ISFJ the edge here.

Although really I'd put it like this.  ENTPs are more likely to overestimate the accuracy of their perceptions, although their thinking is likely to be on point; whereas ISFJs are likely to be accurate in their perceptions but overestimate the conclusions they draw on the basis of their reasoning, as well as the notion of "reading people" itself (as above: whereas ENTPs likely agree with me that the idea's got serious problems).what you're doing seems kind of rare in the world (for ISxJ types) and I think you're awesome for itI think you may have read some condescension into my reply I never intended.  I really admire the effort /u/superange128 is making.  Although your point is well taken that while MBTI might come naturally to me, I should follow his example and perhaps work at other things that my type may not naturally gravitate towards.  I think that's precisely why its so admirable What you're talking about is causality: Aristotle famously identified (edit, oops) 4.  However I would say you're not wrong about the divide between causes and INFJ and INTJs and drawing the line as such, as it is obviously based in personal experience.  But I would argue that the *scientist* wonders about the how, whereas the philosopher (or the theologian) wonders about the why.  In other words, I think if you ran the numbers on contemporary INTJs you'd be dead on, but it does not go to the essence of INTJ (only the less than fully mature one).  Although you might think of philosophy as a kind of technology: Nietzsche famously said philosophy is just the personal statements of the philosopher, such that the history of western philosophy could be said to be merely an increasingly advanced apparatus (i.e technology) with which to do so.

I think its this fundamental divide that people tend to erroneously take sides over (not saying you do).  In other words, the people that tend to think science *disproves* God.  Or that the bible offers *scientific* explanations of events (or tries to and fails, hence its rejection).  In other words, I think there is a semantic distinction here (Aristotle's categories) but I think the two are fundamentally one, unite-able under one category.   I think that point of convergence is where Fe and Te itself converge.  I think this is how we can say that ultimately Fe and Te have the same goal, although unknown to most users, and that the functions are "disagreements" on how best to go about things.  In that sense, you are absolutely correct that INTJs will "prefer" to think in terms of how and INFJs in terms of "why."  But ultimately they must somehow integrate the other to meet their true goals... thus it starts out this way but I don't think it ends there.

The more I think about this, I think you are correct though, because the purpose of the MBTI system is to demonstrate how people "specialize" and specialization creates what we call personality and as such INTJs and INFJs specialize along these lines.  It is of course ultimately a phenomenon that society benefits from but the individual tends to suffer from if they don't branch out.  I've personally tried to branch out, but I'd be projecting my own understanding onto all INTJs to say my way of thinking is the essential INTJ way of thinking, when in fact almost by definition INTJ ways of thinking are "technologically" driven

anyway, thank you for helping me work that outI can't believe I'm about to say this, but I'd recommend reading some Sartre, because he hits on exactly what you're talking about almost exactly in the same terms.  I think you'd find it really helpful as a springboard into understandingYeah I think this is where upbringing and values have a strong influence on us.  Its also cool, because I think it sort of cross-pollinates a discipline (and a person) to everyone's benefitCan confirm, ISFPs don't give a fuck (about INTJs)

from what I've observed it goes something like:

* +**infinty**) self expression 

*  1) their ex
*  2) resources/property
*  3) being acknowledged
*  4) traveling (preferably while being acknowledged)
*  -**elventy billion**) INTJs (and whatever they're on about)

the middle is pretty interchangeable depending on mood and circumstance, but the outliers are constant for sure

I think of Kanye West as being something of the archetypal ISFPI think what he's describing is more a manifestation of (dom) Ni + Fi (tert), which is sufficient but not necessary for Ni domsAgreed with STJs being the ultimate scientists (as contemporary academia churns out "science").  Maslow described it as an institution whereby non creative (Sx) [creative as in, "appropriates the hitherto conceptually unknown in a radically exploratory manner", not "does paintings"--before someone objects] types can meaningfully contribute to a creative effort (Nx).  Notice whenever any study gets published there's a huge rush to intuitively evaluate whether not the issue was framed properly.  But the real work was done by the guys doing all the measuring.  Kind of like how you need lots of women and only one man to have a lot of kids quickly.  You really only need 1 intuitive to properly interpret the thing (provided they do it correctly) but you still need a ton of labor to collect the data (even when they're all doing it correctly).yeah; not only are they capable, they're doing like 99% of the heavy lifting.  Science is amazing.  Sensors would definitely win in a custody battle over scienceArt is more than making pictures.  Art in more general terms is what expression in modes other than logico-linguistic is termed.  Since ISFPs lead with a process that tends to gets little to no traction in thinking modes of expression, its natural they would gravitate towards art.  It could be poetry, raising a family, telling stories, music, or, yes, visual art... but its all a means to express introverted feeling, which tends to *want* to be shared and understood.

I agree that ISTJs are the type most likely to "imitate" art via outwardly doing similar things artists do.  But "art" can be different things, it can be just a painting (that was drawn by numbers), or it can be the heartfelt expression of a lived but nearly-unspeakable experience.

Not wanting to be confused with the ISTJ type art is itself very ISFP, I'd say.  Even if it meant you won't do "art" to avoid the misunderstanding.  In its own way, that's its own kind of art.  Its why Manzoni canned his poop or whateverthey really should have 2 different words for it.  It might upset the ISTJs though and they kind of run the world

(to be fair to ISTJs, some no doubt come from a place of authenticity too)Yeah, I'm gonna say this comes down to more particular dynamics than hold as a category: from my experience ENxPs and I get along famously and ISxJs and I inevitably have some kind of gruesome falling out (I'm an INTJ).  It is possible, however, the ENxPs are just nicer and therefore tolerating of me, whereas the ISxJs are more persnickety, when deep down the ENxPs actually like me less, but their threshold for exploding the relationship is higher and thus more than offsets their distaste for me.  I feel like if anything the opposite is true though and that the ISxJs that don't like me must *really* not like me in order to go so far as upend the established order (although I still maintain they're more persnickety... persnickety).

I would say that as far as shallow acquaintances go (work, etc), the ISxJs and I relate quicker and easier, whereas there's a bit of tension at first with the ENxPs, but that reverses itself over time.The Army does this thing called composite risk management, and its Te by the numbers in the same way paint by numbers is FiSometimes you run into the divide between extroverted and introverted thinkers when it comes to explaining concepts as part of a larger apparatus.  Think of the categories "could be true" and "could be false."  It sounds like they could be interchangeable inasmuch as a thing that is not yet definite falls into both categories? Right?  Well if you tend to Te you would probably agree.  However Ti would point out that CBT and CBF both contain within them "must be true" and "must be false", respectively (whatever is definite is possible).  Thus CBT and CBF cannot be interchangeable because "must be true" cannot be a subset of CBF (1).  Thus whether you start from the consistency of the model or from the end result is going to interpret how you initially understand what those words mean and what they entail.

1: I think Te has the last laugh because a sufficiently sophisticated model could account for things in such a way where the bright line distinctions and categorical breakdown is not needed in exactly this way.  But for most people this kind of Newtonian breakdown is a big step in the right direction.  Ti wants to grid things out in an elegant manner, Te wants to reckon with the situation-at-hand.  Once the complexity of the situation outstrips the model, they (Te) throw it away.  Ti tends to double down.  If the model works, Te tends to enjoy employing Ti.  

In other words, I think CBF/CBT being interchangeable tends to be truer to "real life" where things are much more complicated, whether they be quantum states or emotions or ethics or whatever.  Trying to think in strict Ti terms can be stultifying when confronted with scenarios that exceed the model, and Te modes of thinking can give rise, eventually, to new, better, Ti codifications.  At the same time, Ti can do what Te tries to do but does by the seat of its pants much more efficiently.  The upshot to Ti is that it can be refined and worked on by many people over time and then transmitted in a form that can be adopted without having to go through all the trial and error first.I think intuition is cultivated primarily in the presence of apparent contradictions or paradoxes.  It is thus required in order to "rise above" the situation and capture it in a way that resolves the paradox.  I was a thinker raised by feelers and I think this really helped me understand the world in more 3-dimensional (for lack of a better word) terms.  I think any sufficiently unknowable property will demand an intuitive approach to make headway.  Hang out with a lot of intuitives, or hang out with feelers if you're a thinker or vice versa.  Try to understand an opposing political philosophy in such a way that you're actually convinced (not just enough to explain them away), or religion, etc.  The trick is to *really* extend yourself into the unknown.  I think of intuition as a kind of conceptual explorer in the same way sensing explores the physical world.  Most people never really put themselves out there.  Do conceptual survivor-man.unlike every other type, I hate the truthHa! it was just a joke at the expense of all, which was everyone at that time, who essentially posted some version of "my type values truth"

of course everyone loves the truth--their version of it, anyway.  when you use it like a hammer to beat people with, what's not to love?  the trick is to use it on yourself; less people are into that.  In that sense, there are times when I hate it too (but not *unlike* every other type)I lose shit all the time.  Just the other day I had to cancel a debit card because I lost it somewhere.  I blame inferior Se.  All I can think is it fell out of my wallet at some point and I never noticed.I feel like this post is very INTP and you're describing more of a Ti + Ne process as wellI think also its the starting with definitions and fitting reality into the model rather than starting with a "real life" scenario.  Rather than being very object oriented it feels super grid like, where concern for where the objects land is secondary to the coherency of the grid itself, whereas I feel Ni + Te would be more concerned about explaining more concrete or specific phenomenon rather than simply constructing a castle out of definitions.  In other words, Te is more concerned with "touching" things with the theory than the absolute coherency of the theory itself (the nexus is oriented outward at objects rather than inward towards itself).  In this sense I feel like this has to be Ti because it feels very much like reinventing the wheel for its own sake rather than any object oriented purpose.  A lot of Ti gives off that monadology vibe to me, and this is doing the same thing.


also, because the response to my initial comment basically doubled down on the model (with more to follow) rather than trying to link it to something "real" further cements my conviction (even the examples in question followed from an interpretation already assumed to be true; in other words, it begged the question rather than actually starting from einstein or tesla--despite that it purported to do exactly that--this also militates towards being Ti in denial about itself)If we're talking about people that are already criminals then I think INFJs are more likely to use intimidation and bullying, whereas Te types would use more physically coercive means.  However when I think of gangs and the police I think of very Fe modes of enforcement that also use violence, but mainly rationalize it as a form of self defense or defense of others (the in-group).  So I think Fe types are less prone to use violence and when they do, they are not totally honest with themselves that they're even doing that.  Likewise I think of Te types to be the most unaware that they're bullying others (the whole prior thing but Te instead of Fe).

I never thought of Te types as kind of bullyish until I realized that Fe types are way more sensitive to the vibes that get put out, and that Te can definitely be recieved as Fe bullying  if you're not interpreting it as Tx but rather Fx.  In the same way I think gangs, the mob, police, etc employ a kind of weaponized Fe but don't realize how its perceived from outside the group dynamic.  I think of the military as being a more Tx style organization that those other pseudo military groups kind of aspire to, but have a very different character to them in actuality.  This is based on my observations as having a father as a police officer, and having been an officer in the US Army myself, and having observed a lot of lowlifes in a lower class public school system

the real take home is what constitutes bullying is really in the eye of the beholder, which is probably why the criminal justice system has such a strong hold over physical violence but all sorts of other bad behavior still slips through the cracks but is nonetheless a huge destructive force

I also focus here on violence more than crime since crime is itself so incredibly diverse and culturally relative

I think of street gangs as primarily being populated by young male ISFJs (with the "group psycho" being that one-off ISTP, etc.  Bunny in *Platoon* comes to mind).  INFJs are so rare its hard to say what they're doingI really don't think you have as firm a grasp on this stuff as you think you dounderlying each iteration of your model is a more or less unchanging set of assumptions off of which you're building.  each model is judged primarily based on how it conforms to the standards you've basically unconsciously internalized along the way.  you'd probably think of them as hard and fast rules of logic, which is a very Ti take on things.  they are in fact mutable presuppositions without a objective basis (look into the history behind Bertrand Russells failed attempt to overcome this with the principia mathematica.  In a way Wittgenstein stands as the historical figure who philosophically confronted *this* exact issue.  not the objective basis of mathematics per se (although he did that too) but rather the insufficiency of Ti to ever fully capture perception and experience and as such the, for lack of a better word, resultant "floatiness" of a lot of Ti endeavors, from the perspective of Te, at least.  

what you've got here is an almost tautological expression of your own subjective take on MBTI, but the question is "why?"  where's the insight?  its a restatement, that conforms to some rules of logic and others not so well.  a reflection of a dilettante at work.  that's fun, but its not useful, nor is it insightful.  inasmuch as the subjective is lacking, any sort of strict relational outgrowth is likewise also going to be lacking.  which is to say you can make a equation out of what's gone before, but just because its somehow symmetrical doesn't make it "right" or helpful.  Inasmuch as this is a Te view and you're consistently oblivious to it, I can't help but think this cannot be coming from an INTJ (who can't help but think in vastly different terms than whats manifest here).I think you've so fully mistaken the map for the territory that you really believe your Ti formulations *are* Ni perceptions.  so with that in mind, I'm thinking this is the work of an ISTP, now

in any case, *because* the argument revolves around the meaning of certain cognitive functions, it goes to the soundness of your theory.  this is why psychologizing-arguments sometimes has a distinct ad hominem flavor, but its more nuanced than that.

in any case, I'd be delighted to see the model advance and hope *I'm* the shallow one here because that would *really* explode my horizonhey, it would be consistent with my theory that a big chunk of /intj posters are just ISTPs dunning-krugering their Ni

then again they could just be very young INTJs; it can be hard distinguish the two over the internet: teenage INTJ or adult ISTP making an argumentyou read my mind!that you give off the same vibe INFJs do when they "think" 

the flaw in play here is something common to them and ISTPs, but since you don't think in moral terms obviously its not INFFJ, however there is that one shared similarity

Im also thinking youre a fan of socionics because socionics is exactly the method by which they use this way of thinking to appropriate Jungs theories, and in doing so bastardize them.  its a really "sensory" form of thinking about the issue then a reduction to Ti.  socionics is definitely MBTI for sensors, but it lacks depth.  sometimes it comes out with decent extrapolations because its grid-like construction is not totally off, but also feels like it neither really apprehends whats actually going on.  in other words its a kind of heuristic to the heuristic--can be powerful, fast, and useful, but exists in essentially a degraded state

i feel like they laid the map over the territory slightly askew then forgot which was whichI feel like thats a Sx projection onto Jung's thinking whereby you've shifted the categories and placed Sx into the central position, thus the socionics characterization.  That's fundamentally what science exists to do, which is to make a schema of knowledge anyone can participate in (i.e.: how it relates to the senses is paramount), which is probably how socionics styles itself (a more scientific effort at cognitive functions).  its all really just a restatement of reduction to Ti, the question has always been "is that all there is?"  for many people, yes.  For Jung? No.  Thus while some really take to socionics and I understand why I prefer Jung and I don't like what I see as a Sx + Ti conspiracy theory, more or less

To be sure this could be the solution to the "intuitive bias" problem, so I think by all means pursue this to the end, because sensors deserve a theory they can work with as well.  Although I do think perverse forms of Ti impart a kind of confidence that lends themselves towards atrocity, you could say that about any sufficiently strong function when unchecked

I'm just picturing a gattaca style future where its all about personality typing and not genetics, or perhaps some kind of ridiculous combination of the two.  Which I think to Ti sounds like something of a paradise but it seems like a nightmare to Nx (+Fi), thus at the end of the day I don't much prefer that project for myselfI would just say in a certain sense you are simply speaking another language and I think you might have good ideas, but a lot is lost in translation because you're approaching it from a kind of theoretical backround that cognitive functions themselves were developed *apart* from.  In other words, I think you could really refine and suss out these ideas better if you focused on Jung and the works he references to illustrate his points.  This would mean Schiller, Goethe, Nietzsche, etc *and* the greeks. I am fortunate to have a background in (continental) philosophy so it was easy to pick up Jung and pick up on the spirit in which he thought, but I think trying to reinterpret him without first understanding him according to the original interpretation gives a decidedly "alien" filter to how you come off.  Its like the whole thing got run through google translate.  If you can address that then I think there's a lot of potential.  Of course I only speak for myself, perhaps others get the opposite effect, where they're more alike and like and understand you *better*

I also think you might be an INTJ but for that reason I failed to understand you, and for that I'm sorryFrom the point of view of the sensor who "knows" MBTI nothing is more similar than the same type but N (so similar they mistake them for themselves!--now that's a novel mistake you don't see a lot in real life-- "I thought I was you"

with that said, there is such a huge variance *within* the types (INTJ v INTJ) its hard to say which two types are the most similar, because any two types *could* be extremely similar in certain instances, so there's unlimited potential experience militating towards any number of conclusionsI think it makes sense if you think of vision as identical to intuition, which is exactly how sensors understand intuition.  Its hard for me to tell if this is because you're a sensor or because you're working backward from presuppositions that frame the functions from a sensory perspective as a kind of axiom.  I think the rest of the model flows from that and I could see how it essentially inverts a lot of things, hence you think of me as Ti.  In any case, I think you've got cognitive functions on their head so to speak, but more or less understand them, just upside downWell, you have to understand that things get communicated via language which is a form of Ti codification

Also I think there may be a language barrier here, since no one uses visual to mean visionary.  In other words, visual connotes sensory vision, whereas visionary is conceptual, so you have to forgive my misunderstanding


and, just checking here, you realize in socionics INTP is the MBTI INTJ, right?Probably ENTJ's, since they're all about application and intuition for them exists to serve that purposeI feel like ISFPs have a lot to say but don't know how to say it, but they keep trying, but it never comes out right, and they can't be satisfied until it does, and since it never does, it builds and builds, and then they reach critical mass where they're just blathering nonsense nonstop in total desperation and then no one can stand to be around them

(not all ISFPs of course)who cares if x is easier for y or vice versa?

implicit in the question is a kind of valuation of easy as preferable and then poses a comparison in zero sum terms--as if it were that simple!  The real trick is to get over this kind of thinking altogethertrue, because "preferring easy" by definition is not desiring a challenge.  But why not?there is no correct answer to your question though, the only solution lies in the dissolution of the question itself




sure; to make a comparison presupposes an objective position by which all 16 types can be judged accordingly.  since this position doesn't exist, who has it easier is fundamentally going to be based on the idea of what constitutes "easier", which is going to be inherently subjective

presuming all other things being equal, every individual may venture an answer to the question but it will tell you more about the person in question than about the world in general

in general then whoever has it "easiest" is likely to be a function of factors other than the subjective interpretation of which constitutes easy.  by this I mean what situation you were born into and the ongoing environmental factors that you more or less chanced into (in other words, your "facticity").  since the only types that circumvent this constituative and fundamentally still-subjectively-judged (but we know that for any of them their difficulty is greater than zero) factor of life are the unborn, I'd say they have it "the easiest" since they never had the burden of life to begin with.  Presuming though they could have been born or may yet be born, and they could be *any* type, I'd say all types have it equalthe S/N divide makes every type seem really different but I definitely think INFP v ISFP is high on the list of "most different between S or N" because of how layered and manifold Fi is.  Some stuff, like Te, is almost indistinguishable between S/N, but I feel like with Fi its immediate and palpable

although this could just be admiration coming from a small-time Fi user, the intj

I feel like ISFPs fall prey to what I described originally, but INFPs come off as insanely insightful, and do in fact know how to get themselves across.  I could see this being an outgrowth of my own S/N disjunction; in other words, like you say it works both ways (ISTJs tend to find me incredibly tedious).  However, i've definitely seen ISFPs annoy other sensors, especially ISFJs and Te users of all stripesI feel like happy INTJs come off as ENFPs sometimes

especially in social, rather than work or school related, situations since (healthy) Fi can really come to the forefront in relating to people, and Ne is more charitable too (and while not great at Ne, I'm not slouch either)... and its not some kind of "act" either, I find myself becoming more that way in a perfectly authentic way, because those modes just work great (Ni+Te) (which, by the way, can present as somewhat antisocial when lacking nuance, whereas Fi + Ne can be gregarious engaging and funny) and are perfectly healthy modes of expression (the [shit Nietzsche says](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5GFgulByuM&amp;feature=share) is a funny take on NiTe being socially inappropriate, so *of course* something else is going to need to take the wheel, unless you want to present as a nutcase at parties

I feel like fake INTJs would not cop to this, or would try to frame it in terms of Machiavellian motives, or just straight up not get it and aspire to be that youtube

i definitely love to indulge my penguin of doom while out

but I think you're right,  although there are such nasty implications you can expect a lot of people to try to check your anaylsis with a lot of "who cares if...?" and "why does it matter..?" etc.  I think its in some sense an attempt to balance any negative energy you might be putting out by suggesting such a thing, as if the factual truth of the matter could somehow be balanced by enough people disagreeing.  Personally I don't think the implications are all that nasty (if I found out I was not a "real-INTJ" (whatever that is) I might just be relieved), *and* I think the facts support your position, so I agree with yousounds like an ISTJ in the gripI've found that describing myself from the first person perspective to other introverted perceivers as a perceiver is well understood, but to anyone else its paradoxical, because I show up to them as a judger.  In other words, as a matter of qualia I feel like I stand back and perceive first, thus the label could fit, and other likeminded people understand that.  But to the world who does not necessarily share that understanding, I come off as a judger because my go-to mode of *interaction* is a judging function.  

In other words, MBTI judges you from how you present to the world, whereas socionics judges you based on what you primarily experiencemy lifelong question to myself has always been "why do people believe what they do?"  I've pondered that for as long as I can remember and consider it just an ongoing lifelong project.  I think of it *exactly* as wanting to understand others, so your characterization rings spot on to me.  In fact I've never heard anyone come out and phrase it so directly, yet those exact words have been in my head forever

now obviously you might be able to characterize ISTJs as participating in the same project (although at a certain point doesn't *everyone*?), but I doubt it would be so self explicit and use that exact language

also, and I imagine this is more individual specific, but for what its worth, every ISTJ I've known doesn't care so much about understanding others but about efficiently getting what they want.  If understanding leads to that, great, if not, I don't think they tend to organize their life around it.  To put it in a romantic context, I would say ISTJs primarily want someone who already shares enough of their views that they can co-exist in harmony without having to modify themselves or others (comfort).  Whereas, INTJs constantly strive to re-think themselves *and* to try and better the people they care about (often to their chagrin) via constructive criticism (that would prompt *them* to rethink themselves, etc).   In that sense INTJs are conceptually more flexible and ISTJs more rigid, yet ISTJs seem to have few qualms about fulfilling societal duties INTJs would hate to be responsible for, hence ISTJs could be characterized as more flexible in that regard, etc.  Each is sort of pragmatic (Te) in their own way

I know I annoy the shit out of every partner I've ever had for this reason.  In a certain sense, me and the ISTJ aren't so different, because I've realized I just need someone who's onboard with that and that just means I want a partner with shared meta-values whereas the ISTJ just wants shared regular-values, which is another way to say we want basically the same thing I'm just more sensitive to higher abstractions and they're more sensitive to concrete differences.  stellarmaze is awesome precisely because no ones going to get him

I don't think he's insulting ISFJs but I understand why they might take it that way and this thread is exactly how I'd expect them to handle an "insult" they don't understand

anyway, don't turn the group on me, please, lest you prove his pointI totally agree

*Why* we believe the same things is so much more important than the fact that we do (in fact I'd say its possible to outwardly share the same opinion but actually strongly differ, if your reasons for believing it are sufficiently different.  In other words, its one more example of using the same words, but fundamentally understanding something 2 different ways--these are in fact sometimes the most bitter differences--also the most pernicious).  It goes to the whole Kierkegaardian notion of subjective v objective truth, etc.  But you summed it up perfectly in your last bit there.This is a highly nuanced issue, but I will try to explain.

I want to start by saying an even-easier way to explain it might be something like: myself (an INTJ) in a relationship might show love for their SO by pointing out attidunal or philosophical difficulties in their thinking, that might contribute to their problems.  In other words, [An INTJ would] work down from conceptual assumptions implicit in their SO's issues and try to unwind the problems that way.  This can be really irritating for an ISTJ for whom their thinking is somewhat sacred and they're not interested in necessarily adjusting on such a highfalutin level.  An ISTJ might show care for their SO by (and this is crass, but  its simply for demonstration) pointing out their haircut is messed up or there's something on their shirt (or in higher conceptual terms in social settings judging you by the visceral reactions you evoke, etc).

Each party is liable to find this somewhat annoying when done to eachother (i.e: I definitely want someone to point out when I have something wrong with me, but I can't shake that nitpicky vibe like its all they care about--and I'm sure it goes the other way too ((this goes to who's pragmatic about who?--in other words the ISTJ would be like who cares if I think about it x way or y way--there's other (real!) stuff going on that's important!)).

Ok, so with that said, you can think of ISTJs primarily wanting a kind of isomorphism when it comes to outer manifestations (i.e: sensory) with their partner.  Maybe we dress in styles that suit eachother, both support Trump, etc.  But they're not primarily concerned with the *road that lead there*.  Whereas myself, for instance, thinks in more Kierkegaardian terms, which is that where you land is not really important, but your *relationship* to the thing that evinces Truth.  This is getting into the weeds a bit but he's saying the objective position of a thing is not so important as our relation to it.  In other words, I could love an atheist as a Christian, if I understand that to them Christianity represents something terrible (and they authentically believe this) and they choose not to participate.  In other words, many sensors, I think, simply look around and see bad actors and don't want to associate with that, end of story.  It is my job, then, to understand what they're judging in light *of their own perceptions* **not** the mere outcome.  In this sense I have known atheists more Christian than "christians" and vice-versa.  ISTJs probably don't think about it in the same terms and just want to go to the same Church or worship Sam Harris together

I think most intuitives just collapse meta-values and values into one category because from their perspective the only true values *are* meta-values, so that's what we assume *everyone* is talking about--but its not so

meta-values can be thought of as commitment to the relationship *as such*, whereas most people do not think in those terms.  linguistically this gets super hard to parse, but Kierkegaard was a master of bringing this into the light before "meta-values" had a name

PS: I love the word isomorphism because it perfectly captures the sensory take on "identity"

the ultimate MBTI S/N test would be to make people read Kierkegaard and see how they respondagreed INTPs can be total dicks, and they don't even know they're doing it (although that may be disqualifying) we need to know if self awareness is a factor. If so probably INFJs, because they will manipulate you without you ever knowing and that's a real dick move

(somehow they get a pass on it because "its for your own good!" and "I mean well!", but as soon as an INTJ thinks that way suddenly they're magneto)sorry, in regards to INFJs I meant without the manipulatee ever knowin

In other words, INFJs know full well what they're doing

and its that denial of agency to the manipulated that really hurtssorry, I was using it figuratively--you don't actually hurt because you're not conscious of the manipulation.  It was more in the context of what constitutes a dick move, which is somewhat subjective; but in my opinion being robbed of your agency is high on the listOk, but this needs a lot of nuance.  Te is "content to think on the course's terms" *because* Te has made the object of its thinking *passing the class*, therefore it makes sense to think accordingly.  However, in general, academia is laying out Ti structures because Ti modes of thinking are inherently more structured and grounded (in other words, you can teach *one* form of Ti to *everyone* whereas to effectively make the course a Te style course it would be 30 separate courses--it would be oriented around the specifics of each students' goals and not a simple body of knowledge itself--internships, etc).  Ti is music theory, Ti is geometry, or Biology, or any number of topics.  Te is in a different category altogether.  Te thinking is applied thinking in the sense that it begins with a goal or fact and seeks to work backward, not to create a system but to achieve a goal (Te thinking is I will take biology so I can be a vet, etc).  Ti can be employed *in order to* accomplish this, but they are not the same.  

Ti doms who think primarily in terms of Ti will have gridded out such a large swath of reality that to them "taking biology-&gt;be a vet" *is* Ti, but its actually not (or at least did not originate from a Ti grid).  It *holds* according to the system, but you could also be a vet by other means, etc.  That's where Te would distinguish itself.  In other words, you can think of almost anything in Ti terms, after its been codified as such (this is why we have libraries), but just because you can capture something according to Ti doesn't mean it *is a product of* Ti (well, for people other than INTPs)--its the difference between the map and the territory.  The line between Ti and Te is mostly in regards to how it proceeds, but think of something categorically different:  it would be harder to mistake emotions for Ti, yet you can think in terms of Ti when describing or predicting emotions. 

INTPs tend to appropriate so much to their "map" that I think they truly have difficulty sometimes telling the difference between the map and territory.  In fact, by definition they resist doing so, because their dominant function is making the best map ever--they are forever in the process of closing the gap between the two.  I feel like the territory can be somewhat anxiety producing for them hence the dominance of Ti, whereas ENTPs are similar in that they love maps, but I feel like they love the unknown more and the map thing is like a hobby, whereas for INTPs its something they *must* do (and encountering the unknown is only an unpleasant necessity sometimes)

one issue is, is that Ti has so thoroughly mapped the world at this point, you can find a Ti reduction of basically anything except the most cutting edge type stuff, thus you can understand almost everything with a high degree of granularity and accuracy via Ti (how to win friends and influence people!).  This is really powerful and cool but it doesn't help when it comes to distinguishing Ti from everything else, especially Te.  I feel like your post is mainly talking about Ti *dominance* vs Ti *per se.*  This (what I'm doing here) is actually a Te form of analysis: separating the two in distinct objects and working backwards.   I feel like Ti would try hard to evaporate the distinction (not saying they do or even "want" to, but that's how it *feels* from a Te perspective).Its the difference between trying to fit something within a larger grid (Ti) or finding it sufficient to meet your goals (Te) and focusing your attention elsewhere (this *calculation* on *when* to "move on" is the substance of Te).  Te may not agree with the author's perspective *at all* it just happens to meet their demands for whatever goal its directed at, so I think "agree/disagree" thing is somewhat inaccurate.  I think at the end of the day Ti doms will "agree" *most* with other sufficiently organized forms of Ti than any other type (their grids will dock *exactly*), it just so happens they will first error-check it from their own Ti perspective first.  In that sense they will process it slower, but absorb it more completely when all is said and doneyes I think they're just making an analogy to subsurface conditions vs "higher" abstractions.  Whichever is above or below the other is somewhat irrelevant both in how you phrase it and in how the difference manifests itself, in the final analysis:  it is a disjunction that is not in plain view.  

honestly I think if sensors could *fully* appreciate the idea they wouldn't be sensors, because that what is *is* what's in plain view (metaphorically) defines sensory perceptionyeah, sounds horribleNaw I just wanted to emphasize the primacy of isomorphism in forming a comfortable pair-identity over anything particularly deep or process oriented

for example, my mom is an INFJ and my dad is an ISFJ and my dad will support the same stuff as my mom but for totally different reasons.  This on occasion will bug my mom but is more or less lost on my dad.  For him the important thing is that they ended up on, from an objective point of view, at least to him, the same point

in fact, in the case of the ISFJ you might say that's totally deliberate, because they have in some sense made a virtue of supporting group opinion, their only difficulty sometime is assertaining precisely what that is.  you could see how an ISFJ might be frustrated if the endstate is not good enough and the only way to satisfy another would be my subjective-truth understanding, because by definition that's perhaps the one thing they can't do for someone else (their entire personality is based on ascertaining an *object* and moving *themselves* in deference to it--in this case, for my father, he would just move himself to align with my mom, but what he could never do is move himself in such a way that he was no longer moving himself to align with objects--this is a paradox for the ISxJ)

hence that S/N divide is ultra pesky

I dated a wonderful ISFJ and it was something I just could not shake.  She will be perfect for somebody, but I knew we could never be fully satisfied (this was before MBTI--I didn't dump her cause "MBTI told me to" rather MBTI later made explicit what I deeply felt but was unknown to me semantically at the time).  this is mostly due to my own parents example.  a lot of people do exactly this informally--observe the dynamic they've grown up with and compare it with current events, etc but rarely is such a comprehensive framework for understanding laid over it (in the form of personality types).I feel like they will both possess a nugget of truth and mainly argue past eachother, hence "success" will be judged in the eye of the beholder, so it depends on who's in the audience.  if its ISFJs they'll have a tough time because they likely hate both the parties, and rightly perceive it as a battle over ego (look at my nugget as primary!) and thus the determining factor will be who is better looking

or maybe they'll all just walk away as a group (in order to gab over some french fries in a harmonious manner) and that would make them the winnersyeah but I don't think they're interested in some Tx form of the truth primarily, but rather group feeling.  If all else is equal and they must choose which form of thinking is most persuasive they'd probably pick the INTP, but I don't think they'd judge on that ground primarily.  ISFJ thinking tends to flex in deference to group vibe, etcdefinitely.  sounds exactly like Ti v Te dynamicsIf the INFJ floats a process suggestion and the ISTJ accepts it then everyone wins (assuming it is not flawed in some way).  I guess the question would be the long term sustainability of such an approach because the ISTJ is going to be forced to move out of their comfort zone repeatedly (in other words, they'd prefer to adjust their outward manifestation and leave their inner process undisturbed, but you're asking them to do the opposite).  In the long run they may just not want to do so, because if ISTJs were really so  receptive to process-reflection, they would not be ISTJs 

it would be the equivalent of the ISTJ just saying "can you just vote for Trump for me on this?"  One time might be ok (bringing yourself into outward congruence but inner conflict), but in the long run you might ask yourself if its really worth a lifetime of disagreeable compromise in order to sustain the relationship.  Inevitably if not for your sake, youll wonder if theres someone *else* better *for them*

in other words, what poses an "inner conflict" for each type is in some sense opposed to one another.  and to come into congruence one or the other type is going to have to move, and experience at least some dissonance in doing so.  obviously relationships are based on compromise, so this is not unexpected.  but it becomes a question of long term sustainability.  my parents have been married over 30 years, so obviously it can be done.  I think the biggest hurdle is the early part of the relationship where people are really debating with themselves whether or not *this is the person* I want to sign up for a lifetime of compromise with.  in a sense its trivially true and we already "get" all of this, its just with a MBTI twist

that and just how much dissonance are you willing to absorb over a lifetime (or force someone else to absorb)?--for me it just wasn't a good plan.  People can absolutely do it, and benefit thereby to boot, though.  I'm just saying, authentically, I could not, and it wasn't for not wanting to try (breaking up with her was extremely hard on me; after that I'll never downplay how hard breakups are on the person doing the breaking up)I think its a simple fact that "what people think" is a factor in any human influenced scenario, as such I'd say if you're not at least trying to account for what people think you're not Te'ing to the fullest.  What higher level INTJs will do is account for people's thinking so completely that they can then disregard it as having been accounted for and deemed "not a threat/concern" at that point (but only after they've envisioned every outcome and controlled for it)

but to get there, you have to first worry about what people think.  its not the absence of concern, its closing the loop on the concern that makes INTJs INTJs

if you're young, of course you're not gonna be there yet.  I'd say INTJs are more likely to be *tortured* by what other people think until they can properly integrate it into their own plans and strategies (and it *is* a massive wild card)

Fe absolutely frustrated and confounded me for decades

Carl Jung was an INTJ who spent his entire life trying to understand how people think.  I imagine the impetus was not purely academicG'Quan wrote, "There is a greater darkness than the one we fight. It is the darkness of the soul that has lost its way. The war we fight is not against powers and principalities, it is against chaos and despair. Greater than the death of flesh is the death of hope, the death of dreams. Against this peril we can never surrender. The future is all around us, waiting, in moments of transition, to be born in moments of revelation. No one knows the shape of that future or where it will take us. We know only that it is always born... in pain."we need an INTP to come in here and grid it out

I think the difficulty is that what ISTJs and INFJs find to be a inversion of their preference is itself inverted between the two types, because their perceiving functions operate on two separate levels, which effects the inversion.  So its like two ships passing eachother in the night.  Its an unavoidable difficulty because it wouldn't be the S/N divide otherwise

in other words, the ISTJ and the INFJ both want to be on the same page, but because of how they define what constitutes such a thing differs, one will have to move from their preferred position in order to meet the other

note: this doesn't happen all the time or even that frequently, but when it does it can cause a big blowup.  With two Fi users its probably worse.  Fe is probably more willing to bridge the gap, but then what happens is you have Te v Fe creating more issues, whereas with INTJ/ISTJ that would be less likely.  In other words, inasmuch as you escape one problem you create another.  Te v Fe conflicts are just as bitter if not moresoOk, lets just set aside for a moment the Te v Fe distinction between the two types and focus only on S v N.

Lets assume that Te and Fe *agreed* on some outcome.  This raises the question on two things 1) was the outcome what was really important and 2) do we really agree?

as far as 1) goes, the issue that could arise is not so much the final manifestation of agreement, in other words, you might both cast your vote for Trump, or lets say you convince them to do it for Clinton (just an example).  Is it enough for you, or for them, that you did that?  Or would you really prefer that they were the type *that could come to that conclusion on their own?*  In other words, is it enough that 2 votes got cast for X or is the deeper issue that one person is (by analogy) conservative or liberal, etc?

That really raises question 2) which is that if, on the basis of #1, what is really important is the deeper values or process-orientation, whatever you want to call it, then you don't *actually* have an agreement, you really just have in some sense a misrepresentation.  It is, of course, well meaning, but it was not the actual objective in mind.  

A caveat: I'm using low level abstractions such that this does not actually represent S/N at their truest level, this is just an analogy (using presidential candidates and political ideologies as lower and higher abstractions).

Ok so the sensor's overall life approach is to judge outcomes (Xe functions) on the basis of the *lower level abstraction.*  And the intuitive is likely to judge on the basis of the *higher level abstraction*.  This means even apparent agreements can entail deeper disagreements.

Now, recognizing that the functions describe preference, realize that one is not *incapable* of doing the other, or even appreciating the other (although it is difficult), it means you're fundamentally signing on as a project a commitment to forever stepping outside of your comfort zone, and usually when it comes to your more deeply held commitments (for the N type the deeply intuitive principles tend to be the closest held).  So the idea is here, long term, can you do that?  Can you ask anyone to do it for you?  In a sense its highly romantic *because* its so problematic

Now add in the fact that Te and Fe are going to disagree on even the base goals and approaches (before adding in any S/N complications) and you can see there's going to be a lot of disagreement 

Kierkegaardian subjective truth is the idea that you judge someone according to their relationship to the thing which takes into account their perception.  In other words, for the person who prays in truth to an idol versus a person who prays in untruth to the Christian God, what counts before God?  The idea here is that your relation dictates the value of your act, not whatever brute facts constitute the act.  In other words, praying in a Christian church isn't what makes your prayers heard, its your inward passion.  This is inherently an intuitive concept, so you can apply this understanding to S types and love them despite outward differences, by doing the math on their relations, but the one thing you *can't* ask is for them to do this in return for you--at least not as an ongoing preferential *philosophy* because that would make them an N.  You can ask them to see it your way, and maybe they can, for that particular issue, but it would be like you casting a vote for Trump, it would not evince a underlying and ongoing change.

I've heard intuitives do this in reverse, and its been called "going underground" where they essentially adopt the sensory perspective wholesale, but the consensus seems to be they cannot be happy and its a recipe for existential depression.  Fe seems like the type most likely to do this in order to get along, but I imagine the long term consequences are bad (I imagine a lot of people feeling *too* much like a chameleon goes to this--regular Fe is content to do so, but NiFe requires too much!)

as a kid I was totally depressed because I was surrounded by sensors 99% of the time and the experience was basically like being gaslighted non stop.  I think it goes both ways, which is why I had to question the propriety of subjecting even a willing participant to thatI mean not every situation necessarily entails a disjunction; maybe that's just the end of it.  I came to mutually satisfactory agreements with my ISTJ all the time, it was just occasionally we didn't and it ended up destroying things.  S/N is not *always* talking past eachother

a good indication you are talking past eachother is if you know they're good and they're not making any obvious mistake, yet its pissing you off for some unknown reason (I mean, that's how I experience it--might be a Fi thing)

I'm also not trying to pathologize your relationship.  If its working for you you have just as much a claim to it as anything I can say, if not moreso.  If anything I could be totally wrong and your relationship is proof of thatthis is total ESTJ right down to the overestimation of one's own "vision"No, I like it because it forces me to bring my own assumptions and projections into light.  I think Si and Fe are two things I'd really like to develop and this is an interesting intersection with all that

I also think if you let this sit then re-read it in a few days it may make a lot more sense.  you gotta let it settle and then have it in your pocket through some upcoming experiences then reflect back on it and it might come into focus

(or maybe its all nonsense)

but it took me a long time and a lot of hard experience to even get to where this sort of thing *could* make sense to metotally agree; how it shows up varies, but it seems like the one constant feature in culture and day to day interactions is the *palpable lack* of intuition in the world

the idea that its becoming increasingly common just makes me think its increasingly misunderstood

its like you said, depending on what is dominant, lack of intuition manifests in a variety of seemingly disparate ways, but the common ground between materialist scientism and new age nonsense and all sorts of conspiracy theories all seem to be grounded in a profound lack of intuition.  its becoming such that the territory is getting so confused with a distorted map that intuition as concept itself is being subverted and in turn giving rise to all sorts of other bizarre concepts like the world-as-simulation.   that concept itself so insanely counter-intuitive (in the technical sense) and yet I guarantee there are people out there that treat it like some deep intuition-derived insight, when its just a silly Sx/Tx confusion completely bereft of any humanizing intuition

of course I'm not all bent out of shape over it (this disclaimer brought to you by short attention spans), but I've still got to speak my peace.  I mean, **life is great**, but I just gotta throw my support behind your thesis, because I think you're spot on and someone's gotta say it

conveying intuitions in real life is so incredibly hard, because most people just interpret what you're saying as something radically different, and you can't help but rub people the wrong way with that.  I know most the time I just try to communicate indirectly now, rather than via words and have had way more success with that.  I  think it has to do with the fact that intuitions are in many ways circular, in that to explain them you have to just dive in and the entirety doesn't make sense until it is viewed as a whole.  people rarely have the patience for that, and whatever comes out in the first 30 seconds, which is by definition an incomplete statement gets treated as your more-or-less final point, so of course its something half-baked, and probably-offensive (probably moronic, at least on its face)... the whole point was to springboard into something deeper that would make sense of that (and more) but people rarely let it get that far and are content to simply presume that anything that requires an "explanation" is already suspect, and likely guilty... and their, I think, burgeoning sense of the unknown knocking is discomforting enough to validate that, etc...  in other words, its a lot easier to write intuition off as for lack of a better word evil, than it really is to admit the spectre of so much potential unknown into your life.  hence intuitives inasmuch as they ooze intuition tend to be both admired in one sense, but viewed as fools in another (sure judge my long winded allocutions as soundbytes--of course I'm a moron)

which is kind of ironic because I feel like people want to lay claim to the "apparent" form of intuition (the kind of naive sensory understanding of the idea--i.e. bright, smart, insightful, etc-- "I'm bright--I'm an intuitive!"), when the reality is a form of deeply felt ostracism... which I don't think everyone is jumping to claim nearly as much (I mean people claim ostracism for all sorts of reasons, but rarely it is for self admittedly being widely perceived as a idiot [Dostoevsky's that is]).  I mean if you think its 50/50 you might be mistaking feeling for thinking or introversion for extroversion, but if N/S were really 50/50 that ostracism would not be there, and the culture would look *very* different.  to even think that it could look the way it does now and be 50/50 to me is a sure sign of no intuition because its freaking obvious that's not the case

imagine a society of 50% intuitives.  first of all, I don't know if it would even be sustainable as a practical matter, but if it were you'd see culture express itself *so* incredibly differently, the implications are so vast its hard to even say what that would look like except that it would look nothing like it currently is

I feel like the sensors wrote me off by paragraph 3, hence the disclaimer:  someone asked what Ni is like in a culture that devalues it--imagine being written off at paragraph 3 your entire life, when it was nothing but the barest introduction (i.e. they barely scratched the surface) (3 paragraphs and you're out! in a world of 3 strikes there's a perverse logic to it) 

I'm starting to love cliches: the older I get the more profound they become, because they point to deeply rooted common causes, hence their catchiness (psychological staying power).  you go high (or deep) enough the chain of abstraction they take on wholly new meaning

in a culture of 50% intuitives donald trump doesn't just *not* get elected, he doesn't *even exist*.  Imagine all the interwoven influence of centures of intuitive values permeating the culture.  He's not just not-the presidential candidate, hes the equivalent of *Nell* (the feral woman).  my point here is not grounded in idealogy, before the sensors chime in: like Learned Hand, I'm a conservative among liberals and liberal among conservatives (expressing what I think is his own sense of the N/S divide transcending brute politics); its pointing out the underlying sensory epistemology of the trump campaign and its supporters.  its so divorced from intuition that it would be perceived as a kind of horrifying tragedy in our notional intuitive society--a failure of the most fundamental type of enculturation-- I hesitate to use the word "abomination" because people will think only an ideological fervor would prompt such usage, but I really think even in a value-free intuitive society (apart from like, the ability to do basic cognitive functions as being "good"--like not missing an arm is "good") Trump would be viewed by intuitives as a kind of elephant man.  the idea that this person has a legion of devoted followers and can climb the ranks this high thus far, is itself a monumental statement on the culture its got a nice Ti roundness to it naw this is too self aware for ISFJ, definitely INFJ

firstly because the idea of "true self" or the lackthereof is pretty Ni.  further you come across as being sufficiently aquianted with the concepts at hand to handle them lightly, but not superficially

ISFJs put off a very different vibeNi confirmed, sorry about your lossnaw I'm into it, don't worryI don't know.  I can't reduce it down to a rubric.  Its just the intangible confluence of a million little factors that over time create an impression that diverges strongly from sensor types.  Like either type can talk about themselves, but how they do it, in what context, etc all points to either N or S to me.  I know this is an unsatisfying answer, but without the two people really in front of me I can't properly deconstruct this thing for you any better.  

Maybe a simple way to put it is that N types tend to be self aware *all the time* whereas S types tend to mostly visit.  Not only that but S types frame self awareness in more material terms (not always but a lot of the time) i.e. status, possessions, etc tend to be the terms with which they frame themselves.  Whereas N types have an airy "situational" kind of self awareness, in that they manifest self awareness in little things.  It's like finding yourself in the grocery store line vs talking about yourself in terms of career aspirations or whatever.  S types are heavy handed (existentially--when they visit they go for the obvious stuff).  N types have a delicate sensibility about the whole thing that really suggests intuition at work (they're off exploring some corner, or picking up on subtleties that only a repeat visitor would recognize [the product of a constantly working Ni])to me thats more ISFP v ISFJ (preoccupied with relation to self v relation to others/things), but its all in *how* they do that.  Like an INFJ might talk primarily how they relate to others, but its not like "well I really want a job where I can help others" its more like "In my mundane job I kind of hate, I find myself pretending to be happy in order to please/"help" others best I can *because* I find myself thinking doing things that way is for the best"  And they're not upset about it (Fi might be a little mad at oneself for supplicating, whereas Fe legit likes it), they're just observing themselves in relatively neutral terms and taking stock of the fact that they find themselves to be people-pleasers.  I know a (poor) ISFJ guy that tipped a waitress 70$ on a like a 30 dollar tab (and it wasn't because he was flirting or showing off).  An INFJ is unlikely to do that, but they might set up an entire "fake" relationship and spend countless hours as a companion to someone they really don't even like, because they feel the person "needs" it.  It goes to how they measure resources and stuff.  Both are equally asinine to me for slightly different reasons (but primarily because Fi), but you can see how the types manifest themselves differently in what they perceive as meaningful units of contribution.

I definitely think Ni + Fi is the most explicitly existential pairing though (hence INTJs tending to be the most famous existentialists, with the most respected exception of Kierkegaard [probably an INFP] who was maybe the best of all--seems to be either an INTJ with unusually strong Fi or an INFP with unusually strong Ni--an INFP with strong Ni is less weird than an INTJ with herculean Fi).

I also think a huge subset of ISFPs think they're INFJs for some reason, so I'm biasedtrue, perhaps I should qualify it as *existential* self awareness.  elsewhere someone pointed out things like kinesthetic or other possible forms of it, which is all trueof course, it just makes it hard to suss out what other people are doing; to me anything other than intuition up front appears like a sensory take on things.  perhaps I'm too fast and loose with it, when its really a form of judgment, but I feel like the "sensory take" is the necessary condition to that kind of judgmental primacy hence it is ultimately a sensory condition, just passed through another layer that in turn gives it its most specific character

right now it sounds like you have a charitable relationship with your SO such that the divide is easier bridged, but its not erased..(in other words the fact that you go through this process is evidence *of the divide* not evidence of its absence--if there were really none, we would all just "get it"). I feel like you're trying to read my characterizations as hard and fast Ti categories that are categorically intractible when your lived experience is contrary to that, but as a matter of Te I freely admit they can be smoothed over in a variety of ways.  I meant to set up a distinction but never meant to suggest they were somehow insurmountable by definition (actually at some point I probably did invoke "insurmountable by definition" but this requires nuance.  Its insurmountable inasmuch as it is a clear and distinct functional gap according to theory, but its outward manifestations do not necessarily follow as inevitable doom for the relationship), rather that there is a distinction but what we do with it is still subject to freedom and the human capacity to use all functions

an ISTJ is going to, repeatedly, by definition misunderstand Ni, but there is no *one* ISTJ.  I can't point to *the* ISTJ.  In that way the 16 types are just stereotypes: everyone is free to use their other functions; the 16 just points to patterns we tend to recognize, but its never so cut and dried.  In other words, the types and their definitions and the consequences of treating them as strictly categorical was never meant to be more than a heuristic tool.  It is by no means the final word, and each individual, (also by definition) transcends, or at least has the capacity to transcend, their type at any time.  The type defines the person only roughly, the individual has the final say on what they will do.  Thus when speaking about the types in general you may have valid conclusions about the S/N divide (in the purely abstract) but is never going to bear itself out in experience *every time like clockwork* because it was never set up to do that

in other words, I can't tell you about your SO, I can only tell you about the relations of ideas to one another within the MBTI system, and my own experience, but if that doesn't "reach" yours its because the categorical understanding cannot extend that far (and that is no slight against the system, once you understand its proper scope and purpose)... in other words, there may be no mistaken reasoning in play at all here, rather we are simply at the limits of what MBTI can predict or describe... the rest is left to be played out by human agency and that is something radically unpredictable, to its credit

in other words the model has descriptive but not so much predictive power.  the power of description relates primarily how it allows for personal growth.  thus its proper usage is not turned outward on analyzing relations and "writing them off" according to this or that, or even positively biasing them (the whole you *must* date an ENFP as INTJ or whatever the case may be).  all of that is severely limited in usefulness that holds in real life, because after the model, but before all is said and done, there are a thousand other factors.  I never meant to imply a determinism by strongly stating a S/N distinction.  the distinction is there but how it spins out, what we do with it, is almost unlimited in possibility

elsewhere I said something like the idea of a "true self" is Ni.  that lacks nuance, because actually its probably more of a tx or fi concept inasmuch as it is anything.  however the *scope* of *what "true self" entails* (and thus *means*) is informed by intuition, such that while all people have more or less some concept of the true self, the depth of such a thing is going to relate to how they perceive the world and themselves.  there is a thread in ISFJ right now where everyone is basically considering themselves very existential. of course they are because everyone is as existential as they believe existence itself extends.  very few people (maybe ISTPs) would cop to understanding they could go deeper but simply choose not to.  rather what defines "deep" is itself a matter of perception.  hence it is kind of a worthless question because everyone simply defines depth to exactly the extent that they are capable of going.

in other words all types understand the words "true self" in some overlapping sense, but my mistake was to use it in some privately understood sense, while making statements available to the whole world.  of course it would be offensive because it was referring to something essentially different in scope, but without specifying so, so it came off as sounding as if ISFJs were somehow incapable of understanding the idea on *any* level, which is an obvious absurdity and also a somewhat vicious thing to say--if I were, in fact, implying it.  this is the fundamental misunderstanding between types that is very hard to explain because it spins out in a variety of different ways, and is not obvious that it has happened until *after* conflict has arisen and feelings have been hurt, etc

in a certain sense, intuition being the odd man out, is responsible both for its own point of view but also recognizing that of others, whereas the sensory point of view is the established default, hence intuition is prone to being misunderstood and thus to articulate it inoffensively one must be sensitive to the multiple possible interpretations of the language.  in other words, conveying an intuition is a minefield of possible misunderstandings and hurt feelings, whereas thinking or feeling in mostly concrete terms reduces out *many* potential pitfalls of language, but it also reduces out a lot of complexity and depth.  intuition is not content to stay on the ground so it constantly runs the risks inherent to taking flight which is being demonized, etc

this is another reason why it cannot be a 50/50 split.  if that were so intuition would be well understood *as being misunderstood* if it were a everyday occurrence for *everyone* (which would be much more probable given a 50/50 split), and yet there is a kind of tyranny of the sensory perspective because of how, since most people default to it, it is thus viewed as a kind of normative default.  outrage tends to stem from using language in one way not the other, if there were an even divide we might be just as liable to use *my understanding* of self awareness as being the broadest possible in scope, rather than the most *limited* in scope, and feel entitled to outrage were it to be used otherwise.. but that's not the world we live in, so its hard to imagine intuition being at all common

hey I understand.  I can't expect people to take my word for it, which is precisely why Ni is so difficult to express.  If you could do that there'd be no reason for this chain of conversation to begin with.  You might say intuition is the capacity to "get it" without having a tangible sign to point to, in order to make it explicit.  As soon as you have such a thing its not longer intuition at that point.  Its by definition a bunch of quack unless someone sees it the same way, which is certainly a concept open to abuse, so I am not at all surprised by the completely justifiable resistance to taking it on faithwell yeah, I think of them as more effortless by definition

but ease to me has never being the measure of the strength of the divide, rather to me it is the perniciousness, because its essentially the covert enemy.  you can't fight the enemy you can't identify and S/N flies under the radar.  Overt differences are in that sense welcome and less "strong" in the sense that they tend to get acknowledged and addressed and therefore ameliorated, whereas S/N tends to have its way with peopleon a superficial level NiFe looks a lot like Fi-- that's all there really is to it.  they mistake their own introverted attitude towards feeling as being introverted intuitive *perception* at large, and then conflate feeling at large, missing out on the nuance between Fi and Fe.  In other words they know they're "introverted feelers": technically that description fits both INFJs and ISFPs, but ISFPs are more prone to falling for the trap, whereas INFJs are a little better at parsing the concepts more carefully.  It probably has to do with their more abstract perception and their tert Ti--hence the confusion tends to flow one wayit sounds like your parents were the INTJs

mine were IxFJs and I quietly panicked when lostexactly, you use the function, not the attitude per se

attitude just describes the kind of binary relation (extra vs introverted) in employing a function (it is how you orient it between subject and object--but it is the space between that the function properly "operates" in)I'm not using self awareness as a definition of intuition I'm saying sufficiently high existential self awareness *requires* intuition, in other words the two do not have a biconditional relationship (neither that they share the same properties) rather intuition is necessary for a certain degree of existential self awareness.  which isn't to say that its out of reach for anyone, rather that were they to achieve that level of existential self awareness they would be using intuition to do so.   I guess you could redefine existential understanding in completely different terms, but it definitely seems counter-intuitive on more than one level to think our greatest existential thinker is like the faceless guys running the trains (but that is an interesting idea) [this is an example of a Te argument for an intuition]

eventually like all sensory re-valuations of intuitions it essentially undoes the distinction between cognitive functions if we take our egalitarian urges that far (this concept itself is a far reaching intuition that basically serves as the ontological basis for our disagreement, if it is *psychologically unpersuasive* then it just means you're a sensor and we perceive the world differently, hence our disagreement).  if you disagree with me, you're in the majority, and I'm no stranger to conflict of this kind [this is a Ti argument for (Jungian) intuition and an intuition in of itself]I feel like you're projecting a sensory understanding onto my words that I don't share.  this is a good example of the S/N divide in action, because if I could sufficiently explain Ni to you according to your understanding it would just be a sensory understanding and no longer Ni (there is something irreducible about pure intuition)

in other words, we'll just have to agree to disagreeironically I feel like this comment chain and the reactions to it are highly telling, and only provide more evidence against the idea that the S/N divide is 50/50, even here in this corner of reddityeah, you're right.  take my upvotes

for anyone still listening I apologize for my bad behaviorI am HORHELAMANDAI'm choose to identify with Ni(Te) because it rationalizes my rationalizations wouldn't you have to judge usefulness in light of expenditures vs production--thus while free (as in not slaves) workers might accomplish more they also "cost" more?

Im no economist, just legitimately wondering

it sounds like if you're right there's no real rational basis for slavery, which seems counter intuitive (not that there aren't sound ethical objections to it, etc)trying to convey intuitions is super hard.  you basically have to just pick a point and dive in.  then you work outward from there in a kind of spiral or loop that can be very lengthy in getting across.  then you realize its a sprawling mess and try to pare it down into the absolute minimum because attention spans are at a premium and if its anything more than absolutely incontrovertible its going to invite a ton of resistance

so your experience is mine as well, I think I'm good at words and pretty good at explaining myself, its just there's a huge gap I'm trying to cross and language itself is only so useful at bridging it, so I'm only successful some of the time (depending on the complexity of the subject matter)this is remarkable self awareness from an INTP

I know thats condescending and I apologize but I have never met an INTP who could admit what you just did (obviously they exist, but I feel its *so so* rare)

usually Ti just gets wielded like a hammer (even at higher levels of academia) and the kind of cognitive violence of it all is totally lost on them (it viciously oppresses intuition and to a certain extent Te).

of course there is something to be said for learning the system before throwing it away (you can't critique what you don't understand) and I think socionics can be really useful, in its proper context, but I think that context is what is lacking in a lot of people's thinking.  In other words, even stultifying Ti structures can be incredibly valuable and worth learning, thus I would not challenge its place in academia, its just the trend in forgetting just what is *real* that is worrying (map for territory confusion), scientism is a symptom of this, etc

this phenomenon manifests itself in a lot of absurd irony like how "we're living in a simulation" is tantamount to creationism, but its like that idea never occured to the nerdlords proffering it.  sort of like a Ti version of [INTJs](https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/550sqp/intjs_role_in_social_observationsconversations/d86n96z)  mistakenly viewing themselves being lapped by society as them actually being out front This is so true.  I feel like socionics gives off a superficially "impressive" vibe, but then you come to realize its rigor is not grounded in application or true-to-lifeness but as the outgrowth of a rigid, albiet interesting, system.  I feel like it attracts sensors with Ti in their stack primarily, because its hitting on all the right buttons but it is actually quite removed from Jung (and the world) at its heart, and most of its truthiness is parasitic (to the extent it borrows from Jung)yes you're quite right!
 
my nerdlord label accepts all types

think of it as a trashy enneagramAs far as my Ni goes I feel this is really spot on

thank you for thisif I thought of ENTPs and intentionally limited myself to only their negative qualities, I feel I could have written this.. b-but some ENTPs are very cool and don't fall into this so completelythose seem like some pretty sweeping generalizations: just because Se is in your stack doesn't mean you're physically strong (no matter where it is, but Se inferior is the most obvious example).   Same goes for reproductive drive (probably because I doubt there's even the barest correlation between Se and that).

In any case, Ni tends to pare down ideas into singular wholes, whereas Ne works to explore possibilities (usually by exploding singular wholes).  In general there are far more potentialities in the world to be uncovered than useful narratives to unify them, such that Ni just isn't as useful in large quantities.  I imagine Ni users, because of their relative insufficiency in other areas, died off fairly quickly if they weren't gainfully incorporated into and protected by the tribe; at least in comparison to other types that did a better job of either surviving on their own or contributing according to means where stacking of the types was additively beneficial rather than wasteful (e.g. ISTJs etc)I just feel like to talk about Ni at all you have to reduce it to signs, i.e. language, which is a form of thinking (a structure of logical relations), hence it comes off as being described in "thinky" terms--because it is!  The other alternative is to try and produce symbols that illuminate it, but then you get lots of wacky /u/wigi1 type posts

just think of the words themselves as being somewhat impressionistic and not so hard and fast (I think Ti tends to over-literalize abstract descriptions) and your issue is more with your own interpretative process of the language than it is with the substance of what he's saying.   at least from my point of view, but that's also likely simpatico based on shared Aux thinking

I think we have to ask ourselves "is anything said here really inconsistent with I know to be true of Ni?"  I have a feeling if you could come up with any hard inconsistencies they would reveal themselves (upon closer scrutiny) to be based in differing assumptions of what the words used mean, but not the underlying sentiment

I feel like at a certain point Ni is so individuated that you will *never* get a *fully* satisfying account of it, it is inherently limited to be discussed in too-general terms (or too-specific) because that level of granularity is impossible for any two people to entirely converge with one another, lest they would practically be the same person.  We have Ti for exactly that purpose.  That is precisely *why* Ni is irrational

In other words, I feel like your statements are products of Ni+Ti at work in a nuanced manifestation of projection

In sum, I think (of course I would) that Te is best equipped to handle this subject matter.  Try thinking of the whole thing in terms of Te and, *I think*, at least, this explanation will be a lot less disagreeable, which I get is somewhat distasteful because you started with the idea that its overly thinky, but I think that itself is more of a Ti knot than a useful idea or objective criticism in of itselfof course, my whole point is just that the level of perspectival congruence I think you're seeking is fundamentally impossible.. not just with me, but with everyone, OP included

another way you could think of it is: since *all we have* are words to work with, and the sign is always less than the thing, the words here you're taking umbrage with are not operating in the capacity to *define* Ni, rather they are employed in support of illustrating a dynamic, which is the ultimate conclusion presented here: the introverted relation dynamic.  And inasmuch as the introverted relation presupposes a logic to it (inasmuch as we characterize it as introverted we give it a logical structure; namely that the perception is related back to the perceiver exclusively in terms of how it relates to them).  What this means is there is already a "thinking" form of logic applied to Ni that is more or less inescapable.  It is defined as introverted.  Which is a logical structure that has its basis, at least in the conveyance of the idea in "thinking." (also in its base formulation)  I feel like this is the inescapable root of the commonly used "thinky" type descriptions of Ni.  But they're not meant to make Ni a thinking function, they're just an emergent property of the Ni concept itself.  In other words, its the best people can do to point at how Ni is structured by using language that *could* be misconstrued as describing it as a thinking function, because its the only language possible to describe the one essential feature of Ni--namely that it is introverted.  In other words, don't miss the forest for the trees here with the linguistic quibbling... You may have a much more powerful point if you were describing intuition *at large*, which was perhaps your goal all along and I'm the one doing the linguistic quibbling... but you get the ideafirst of all you can't make people happy

second, if you've got INTJ super powers you'll find a way to get your point across.  Just stop doing what hasn't been workingyeah, but keep it relevant in scope--no need to lay down and die, just re-examine your communication methods in light of their psychological makeupthere's definitely something special about the hate one can harbor for their own type (perhaps because on some level its about our own battle with ourselves, and they're like some kind of proxy conflict that's not going well).

I've liked most  (real) INTJs I've ever personally met, but the ones I don't like I've hated more than most

I also think ENTPs are basically the most naturally gifted type at being annoying if they don't consciously try to check it.  But the zombiesruineverything guy is awesome, so they've got that
that's funny I also refuse to see Social Network, and I knew I liked who ended up being the love of my life the moment I saw her

among a billion people these things are bound to happen, but just sayin'everyone's understanding of self awareness is bounded by their own capacity for it.  In other words, self awareness beyond one's current level is imperceptible in others; were it not, you would be aware of that potentially higher level of awareness and would thus be at least as self aware as that other person

in this way *only* the most self aware person could accurately, looking back, answer this question with accuracy

to the least self aware person it is going to look like everyone is equally self aware, or at least equally capable of self awareness

the concept of maturity is a more nuanced one than self awareness in that maturity requires a degree of self awareness but self awareness alone does not guarantee maturity.  However self awareness past a certain point does seem to include a mature worldview, however at that point things get linguistically murky because its not clear we're referring to the same thing with the same words.  In other words, the self awareness Dostoevsky portrays in *Notes from Underground* seems to be qualitatively different than someone documenting and commenting on their own quirks via social media (which any teenager can do).  Both would be superficially self aware to the same degree but in D's writing there is maturity that evinces a higher level of awareness, perhaps pointing to awareness that is unknown to us, because we are not there yet, but still sensed in some fashion that is lacking with today's more popular displays of self awareness

in the end though, self awareness is not a virtue, nor is it a substitute for maturity or wisdom, so the question is mostly academic.  I know plenty of self aware people who are still slaves to their neuroticisms even as they acknowledge them openly (the Woody Allen type--whose glorification in Hollywood I find annoying), which makes me wonder if our conception of self awareness as a good-unto-itself is somewhat counter productive inasmuch as it tries to substitute itself for moral effort

I thought it was a cool article, but I wasn't expecting *Psychological Types* or anythingyeah as an INTJ, using Ti all the time sounds like a nightmare; I only use it as required to communicate with the more robotic types

actually using it to think and not as a communicative bridge is grating because it feels so stilted and unnatural vs Te (at least as bridge it has the virtue of meeting a Te goal of the other person as object).

I think its fair to say jkatapocalypse is very likely a Ti dom, or if Ni then INFJ because INTJs who understand the difference between Ti and Te tend to dislike Ti (1) because it frequently tries to squelch Te ways of thinking via constant reference to the "system" (whatever it may be), or more broadly, definitions, when Te just wants to focus on the end state and not obsess over the implications of how we get there (unless they have broader Te implications)

(1) although this doesn't mean we're bad at it, when pressedseems weird to apply psychosexual theory to an MBTI type given that MBTI arose from Jung who notoriously departed from Freud 

If we used a purely semantic and superficial analysis, there might be some overlap... but it's not very meaningful in its implications
i recently read an article about dyslexia that said that people with the disorder show normally functioning right side brains but suppressed left.  it went on to speculate that since intuition is thought to originate in the right side and that without the left side to check it, it is what pure intuition might look kind of like.  in other words, the dyslexic makes pure associations with preconceived patterns and has a hard time conforming their thoughts to the objective letters on the page. yeah I guess if you ignore the part about "very likely being a Ti dom" and then assume the sufficient condition in the conditional statement "*if* Ni dom, *then* an INFJ" (which is by no means given)I'd be interested in reading more if you've got something that talks about ityes, on the edge of too much to process--its like finally being at 100% after feeling half-there 99.99% of the time.  But it doesn't step over into too much, rather its "perfect" in the sense that, for once, you finally don't want more.  Its satiating in the sense that for once you don't want more, when life is characterized by exactly that

its the feeling that you could die and it would be alright, just having experienced that... like that you "beat" life in that, even for a moment, you overcame your insatiable longing for more and held it in your grasp (it feels like within that moment lies infinity such that however brief the experience was, it is enough for a lifetime).  

I know after one particularly powerful episode it fundamentally changed my view on romance and relationships to where I was no longer striving after acceptance or romance or the perfect relationship, because I felt like I had achieved it, even for a moment, and I appreciated it so greatly, and in recognizing that most people never even get one tiny moment, I had more than most.  It would be the height of ingratitude to go on longing for more after I had so much (I think of David and Bathsheba), and I've been at peace in that regard ever sincethen I envy you!The narratives that own you are your religion, and your God is the *one* you reduce everything to.  In this sense Jefferson is the prophet of your religion and its substance and God is power itself.

In any case, reduction of this kind is typical of Ti because of its ready-made systemic implications.  Its primarily a sensory take because its highest intuition is still something obtuse and manifest in the world in relatively direct and observable terms.  

Jesus was more interested in the long term spiritual wellbeing of people, which is typical of Ni+Fe.  He would posit worse things than earthly suffering--the darkness of the soul--such that spirit was infinitely more important.  This itself is an intuition without a neat reduction to Ti.  In that sense it can only be rendered in superficially Ti terms, the real substance of it is a moral intuition.  Whereas with power it is persuasive primarily on the basis of its tidy Ti cogency (no one would find it all that convincing were it not for its ready and easy conceptual reach).  The idea that Jesus could be an ISTP is a projection of a Ti thinker onto something they do not fully comprehend.  However a Ti rejection or projection onto Christianity is not to be fully denigrated.  Inasmuch as you absolutely do see it on the basis of your projection as something inherently a matter of power, inasmuch as it is masquerading as something other than what it purports to be, inasmuch as it strikes you as a lie, you are to be commended for rejecting it.  However the idea that it can be objectively reduced to this and only this is pure ignorant hubris.  The task has never been to merely reject lies in the world, but the lies we tell ourselves.  Its the failure to grasp *that* intuition that causes people to misapprehend the true substance and purpose of the world's great religions.yeah but too often they're employed in service of a good offense being the best defense, when what we really need to do is turn them on ourselves

that radical honesty and humility in regards to oneself is I think the main point of religion, and its what ideological movements make not-doing a perverse pseudo-religion out of

and they do it by projecting their own goals, born of weakness, onto religion, then reject it as a way to exorcise their own guilty conscience, but fail to achieve anything meaningful because it was all just a sleight of hand 

their one achievement in doing this is only perhaps a greater capacity for atrocity; because in deceiving themselves, they have absolved themselves to a degree sufficient to entertain the idea that they are above it all and can proceed with what were their selfish goals all along but with less pesky moral qualms (see: stalinism)I feel like in a certain sense it is *pure intuition* because it seems be in the twilight zone between Ni and Ne--the affect is so positive that it tends to explode the horizon.  I imagine its why Ne tends to be so positive because they're living more on that side of things.  In big 5 terms openness to experience.  Whereas Ni is kind of in a defensive posture Ne is more positive towards the unknown.  In other words, Ni tries to rule out false possibilities whereas Ne is more about exploring potentially unknown truths or, at least, interesting falsehoods.  It has a differently calibrated sense of danger.

In any case, those peak experiences are when Ni doesn't just become Ne but rather *is realized* to a very full (even fullest) extent and tends to be that mid point where you have all the positive sense of possibility (ne), but *also* with an overriding certitude of the *truth* of it (ni)

I wonder if Ne doms experience something similar but going the other way (Ne-&gt;Ni, rather than Ni-&gt;Ne)

I feel like the positive, but mundane, Se experiences described variously herein this thread are what this phenomenon looks like but without the intuition.  I have a feeling this is the difference between peakers and psychologically healthy but non peaking individuals (in the psychology of Maslow).  further my sense is that intuition is high risk high reward, which might be why intuition is relatively rare.  It is sufficient for people to simply be very psychologically healthy but non peakers, such that it makes sense for most people to be in that camp, whereas peakers form the basis for the highest degree of self actualization that has its purpose in advancing the horizon of human potential.  however, with that comes greater capacity to get tripped up along the way, hence self actualizing peakers arent rare only because intuition is likewise rare but because the quality that enables peak experiences also increases the difficulty of finding psychological health and equilibrium (not to mention the troubles inherently brought on by being in a minority of any kind).  sensors have a more even keel in that respect (and that is a very good and useful thing from the point of view of society).

from the point of view of stability and heading off potential psychological trouble, cropping Nx (especially Ni) makes a ton of sense, hence the relative prevalence of sensing types and the relative rarity of Ni, because the bar for well functioning humans can be set below what requires intuition, and to exceed it involves taking on a high potential risk of never meeting the baseline

before this starts sounding like the philosophy of the ubermensch or something I would like to say I don't believe I've met the bar set by the healthiest sensors in my life (these are truly beautiful people), let alone exceeded it

I would also like to say resentment of Sensing types is misplaced because only in a civilization made possible by a preponderance of sensing types can intuitives flourish.  in other words, I wouldn't have lasted long in the jungle (also I had a birth defect that would have been the end of me had I been born even 20 years earlier).  so while there are liabilities in being a minority and subsequently being widely misunderstood, this is, by far, *my* time, so to speak... once this sets in one realizes one must be incredibly grateful

Yeah, personally I'm left handed and I know sometimes I'll swear I'm reading something off the page that's there and it turns out its objectively something else, once someone  points it out to me.  taken to its extreme I could see this manifesting as dyslexia.  do I think this is all and everything there is to it? no, but an interesting intersection, from my point of viewI feel like I could have typed as anything and I would be proud about my type, because my self worth is intrinsic, thus I would look at myself as a proud reflection of the type rather than vice versa.  In other words people of value of x type all should feel pride in x type and it would be natural to do so (in other words, I think its cool that you think ENFPs are at the top).  Everyone should feel that way in some sense if they're doing it right.  

Wanting to be something other than you are is a kind of despair, because you either aren't what you should be (wanting in despair to be your [true]self) or aren't capable of being what you would like (wanting in despair to be someone else [which is not possible]).  despair characterizes that relation to oneself where one is in sin [missing the mark], and one manifestation is deriving your worth not from within (because you are in despair and don't feel worthy) but by recourse to some meaningless thing outside (kind of pathetic).  In other words, thinking being an INTJ makes you cool is born out of deep insecurity in your own coolness (one would only construct such an empty concept out of desperation).  However thinking ENFPs are the best because you are an ENFP and you're proud of yourself, is a healthy thing (the description's psychological effectiveness is incidental, in other words, *that* you think being a champion is cool [in a healthy mindset], flows from deep rooted conviction in yourself and your worth, thus when you correctly identify your type, *you recognize* the value in the description *because* you are proud of yourself, not because you want in despair to be the thing you are not).

Anyway, that was long winded and obscure, but to answer the question: yes!you're in for a treat then, let me tell youI definitely feel like my brain is not fully on until after dark, but I always chalked it up to circadian rhythms and all that.  However, as far as the senses and moods go, I think there's something special about the morning

So I'm thinking its probably individual; but sunrise/sunset, morning/night, etc are all so symbol-laden and such a deep part of our collective psyches, I guarantee there's a lot going on there subconsciously and via the functionsYeah I think the question would be more properly phrased "how does FeTi meet goals compared to Te?"  Because its really via Fe that you're doing what Te also sets out to do.  You could learn some Te techniques via Ti like in guides and manuals, but ultimately it will be your Fe that does the lion's share of the deliberation of if and how to employ them.Yeah, N saw it as a regrettable but unavoidable consequence of the current cultural milieu.  It was not that life is itself inherently (1) meaningless or should be, but rather that we've left ourselves with little option but to believe that, if we leave things as they stand.  In other words, present day and future people will get caught up in nihilism, but a future, better, man would overcome it.

(1) it is not inherently meaningless, but also not inherently meaningful--in other words, it is not a given that you *will* have some kind of meaning, nor is a must that you *can't.*  In other words, the conditions have been set to where you actually can choose for yourself (and this is what the overman will do, rather than simply allow himself to succumb to nihilism).  Some people interpret the mere option to create meaning as inherently nihilistic, and it is, inasmuch as meaning is no longer positively determined like it was in the age of Christianity, but that view is a nihilistic projection of their own onto the current state of affairs, because while meaning is no longer *given* that does not necessarily preclude it from existence (to assume it does is ultimately to have a nihilistic stance, although a more implicit rather than explicit one--in this way many "religious" people can be quite nihilist--perhaps *the most* nihilist).  The idea that meaning arises out of free choices is what earns N the inclusion into the existentialist camp. The idea that existentialism (in the aforementioned sense) is nihilistic is actually a nihilist projection of, usually, the religious who assume meaning must be authoritative, not realizing that *that* also tends to *preclude* meaning.  Its that nihilistic stance of the religious-in-name that created so many structural interpretations of religion-as-mechanism-of-control, which, ironically, was then labeled nihilistic, when it was the thing they were deconstructing that was nihilist to begin with.  They were just pointing it out.

INTPs tend to be nihilistic because of their need to systematize and the necessary reducing out of numina in order to do so most fully.  Ti dominance is basically synonymous with nihilism when you think of it like that--they are the personality type defined by their trade off of meaning in favor of systemic validity.  nihilism is far more powerful towards that end because it neatly takes care of many difficulties that numinous experience presents.Fe/Ti would be more likely to agree with the statement "where there are crowds there is truth" (the idea being mass movements don't arise out of nothing)

Fi/Te would prefer "where there are crowds there is untruth" (the idea being that entry into the group necessarily entails a sacrifice)fortunately people with inferior extroverted judging are easy to identify for other reasons :)

its not a test with a right/wrong answer... I can see both objections were from Ti users, which I think is because they fail to see how even if the question itself does not provide a *tidy* answer, it can no less provide a *powerful* reaction, such that its *usefulness* extends beyond the limited scope of the question itself.  I get that that is unsatisfying because both of you would likely prefer more infallibly-deterministic and "tellingly" constructed test questions, which is a fair and desirable thing, but I think that is bound up in a decent amount of assumptions about how things ought to proceed, etc.  Rather I think from here we have a very strong, albeit imperfect, indication of where the person stands; and regardless of how they answer--or even object--we have strong indications of how to proceed

in other words, it is no doubt a "messy" question--but from the point of view of Te that is precisely its strength; however I can see how Ti dislikes it because its perceived as a weakness

so now I know if they respond "this is confusing" or "both..?" we've (possibly) got an INFJ living in an environment with prominent Fi values :)

This is actually a common problem, in general.  I know ISTJs for example that were raised in liberal environments such that the whole "tradition" thing has been poisoned for them, in exactly the same way you've been set against "group think", however its exactly that liberal tradition that they are loyal to that causes them to think that way, etc.  I think those kind of nuanced situations are always going to present themselves in a way that requires more than one question to suss out.

perhaps some of it is tradition as well, the formulation of these statements has its origin in 19th century philosophy where they were sort of slogans for two major but opposed philosophiesyou're an INTPDom Te comes off as having hungry (predatory) eyes whereas Dom Fe is like holding out a big "come eat me (i'll enjoy it)" sign.  Dom Se comes off as slightly slack jawed, whereas Si comes off as up tight.  Dom Ni and Ne are some kind of weird mix (ENTPs being a weirdly sexual (erotic?) mix of predator and prey in needing to "debate" so urgently)--Nx doms are ouroboros.  Dom Ti comes off as a total void of interesting substance, except for the palpable strangeness such a void exudes.  Dom Fi is uniquely weird *because* there's some kind of palpable substance there, but just what it is is quite inscrutable at first

Socionics probably has extensive writing on this exact topic, but since two Js can have totally different dominant functions, and thus give off totally different vibes, its harder to determine the broader J/P dichotomy than it is the more granular dominant function and then derive the J or P from that.  I think this is exactly why J/P is slightly useless as a category (there's also the fact that, as far as I'm concerned, (as an Ni dom) I'm a "perceiver" not a judger, such that being an INT**J** could be misleading if you thought J signified certain qualities).yeah this sounds right up their alleyThe logic is its how you show up to the world.  In other words, your first judging process, whether its dominant *or* auxiliary, is how others perceive *you*; and if that dom and aux process is extroverted, then you're said to be a judger, because that's what the outside world sees.

So perceivers have introverted judging process prior to their extroverted one (i.e.: an INTP will have dom Ti and inf Fe), and (so the reasoning goes) because the arrangement is the introverted function prior to the extroverted one, they appear to be less judgey and more perceivey (another way to think of it is their first perceiving function is extroverted--or more generally, you're a P or J based on your first extroverted function--if its perceiving you're a P if its judging you're a J).  There is a kind of circularity to this logic, which is why its not a particularly helpful dichotomy (in other words, it begs the question that your first extroverted function is how you come off--which is mostly a subjective interpretation).  I know for me INTPs seem really rigid, despite the fact they're not extroverted judgers (by definition), but Ti is incredibly judgmental  regardless of its introverted attitude.  I guess the idea goes that since their first perceiving function is extroverted, an onlooker is going to perceive that as predominating, but that really is a matter of the onlooker's interpretation, which is going to vary by individual.  I know I don't view an extroverted perceiving function up front as being inherently "perceptive" as opposed to "judgemental."  All of this goes to the relatively shallow usefulness of the J/P dichotomy.  Which is very much consistent with it being outside the scope of Jung's contribution to typology; because he transcended relatively shallow projections of this kind.  In other words, I think the J/P dichotomy originated in *one* particular mode of interpretation as being the *only* mode, likely because it was the mode of the originator.  

In that sense it is a regression against the spirit of Jung's project, which was to transcend these kind of perspectival assumptions

what it lacks in behavioral insight as a "label" it makes up for in neatly setting up the cognitive function stack.  In other words, it does perform as a "keystone" that without which we wouldn't have a clear way to identify the 16 types via 4 letters (we'd have 3, and we wouldn't know the relative order of some things).  I imagine, to be more charitable, the originators perhaps never wanted the P or J to mean anything *per se* but rather to function in this keystone role as abstract signifiers of cognitive function ordering.  In other words, it has a valid and useful Ti function from the point of view of the 16 type system, and perhaps we are asking too much of it to attach behavioral significance to J or P when its only role is to point to relative order of functions, where in the true significance lies (in that sense perhaps the idea that J or P *can* mean *anything* behaviorally is begging the question ala the OP [this is what u/kbnation so eloquently pointed out]).

In that sense, I suppose I could be the one projecting.  Either way, its a slightly confusing system but I think the best bet is to disregard J or P as signifying behavior, in the same way we don't expect the 4 letters to signify behavior but rather point to cognitive functions.  In other words, it all goes back to getting past behavioral stereotypes and reaching for the cognitive functions.sounds like Se primarily, like a rehearsal

it could incorporate thinking or feeling, but the way you describe it make it sound like an exercise primarily in acting in the environment

maybe Se is just the mode of expression but you're working out your Fe "tactics", it kind of depends on primary motive--in other words are you practicing how to connect with people (Fe)? or to string words together in a novel way (Ti)? or just to perfect your physical delivery of the package (Se)?  Maybe all of it--could be a very ISTP sort of synthesis.  I know as an INTJ I have never once done this, so it sounds like a unique combination of factors.I don't like people that ultimately end up taking the whole ship down by only kowtowing to momentary emotional states.  In other words, the atomic focus on the present emotional climate over and above any long term consequences, when adapted (usually unknowingly) as a long term strategy, that inevitably results in ruin.

This becomes highly annoying when people do stuff like shouting down what *needs* to be said to prevent said impending doom because its inconvenient in that moment (from the point of view of pleasant feelings) and the one guy trying to save everyone is somehow the bad guy and, in all likelihood, ostracized for his effort (think Jesus, etc).  If not actually crucified, they're at least forced to powerlessly watch the whole tragedy unfold.

Basically Sx + Fe individuals in any sort of position of authority or in large groups that have authority by virtue of numbers and in a position to set policy for everyonenice, sounds like pure Se enjoyment what constitutes stubbornness is a matter of interpretation.  for example, Ti could be said to be the *least* stubborn, when it is conclusively proven to be inaccurate in some way; under those circumstances it will immediately shift course.  However, it *is* stubborn in the sense that *in order* to conclusively prove something to Ti, for example, it must adhere to certain standards.  In other words, it must be communicated according to Ti modes of understanding.  Inasmuch as Ti absolutely *insists* on that being the case, it comes off as being stubborn, but that arises only under circumstances where someone is trying to make an emotional appeal or some other form of (as far as Ti is concerned) non admissible argument.  

The same goes in reverse for feeling or whatever.  The main difference between introverted and extroverted is a further differentiation in that the question of what precisely gains admission is somewhat subjective rather than objective.  You could think of extroverted functions as already having settled the question of what gains admittance into consideration--it is the objective state of affairs in the world.  Whereas introverted functions are not immediately granted entry, they must pass through, essentially, the "guards" of subjective experience.  In other words, certain data points can be considered irrelevant if they never make a sufficiently powerful subjective impression.

In that sense, there is a higher barrier of entry into the heart of the subjective function, but it is proportionate to the far reaching consequences such an entry could entail.  Inasmuch as Sx v Nx tends to revolve around experience v ideas, they are by definition filtering out their opposed binary function, such that to characterize one as stubborn that implies an agency that I don't think really exists.  In other words, binoculars aren't stubborn about vision over hearing compared to a stethoscope, or at least to say so seems misleading...

In the end atomistic usage of the functions, because of their limited scope, is going to present as stubbornness, but I don't think its a quality of the function: rather, I think it is a function of the individual on the whole refusing to come into a more holistic usage of their functions (i.e.: a healthy, balanced one).  This is the entire concept behind loops.  In other words, single minded use of a function is a product of stubbornness (which originates in agency that only arises from the individual as a whole) not the cause of it.

in other words: no, no function is more or less stubborn.  Individuals are stubborn.  yes, introverted functions have a higher barrier of entry into admission as categorically relevant; this is how introversion is defined in relation to extroversion.  Stubborn people may be harder to reach but because you're harder to reach (introverted) does not necessarily make you stubborn.  

[A little Ti postscript] (if functions weren't "stubborn" in this way, they would lose the properties that define them--if thinking "let in" feeling what would the difference be..?) (same thing goes for introverted v extroverted attitudes) (the properties of the functions don't even exist, rather they are Ti categorizations of modes of being--how can you attribute stubbornness to a concept that only exists as an abstraction?--inasmuch as any concept has definition it is stubborn in regards to a usage of it that would explode its definition--in this sense it is exactly as stubborn as anything else that has been clearly defined).INTJ: most likely to irritate others by using the word "epistemological"It sounds like a dominant perceiving function... although ultimately it may arrive at Fe, it seems like you're taking a "wait and see" approach firstly.  It absolutely could be aux Fe, but I also tend to do this but instead feed it into Te and Fi.  What I think is primarily at work here though is a careful approach via primarily a perceiving process.  Dom Te/Fe would probably dig in right away with a kind of "people meeting" method they've developed (unless there were circumstances that demanded greater passivity).  Also a lot depends on timeframe.  Someone might think waiting 20 seconds is hanging back, whereas for others they might think even listening for 5 minutes was not that long before participating.he's either a sensor or playing some kind of 4d chess I can't even comprehendwhat you should say something is like: "inasmuch as my own views only reflect my most current thinking on the matter, I recognize them as incomplete, in process, and likely wrong in some way.  Thus I recognize that, at least in theory, someones (maybe everyone has) got a better handle on things, thus I don't categorically deny the possible validity of their beliefs.  Based on this, I recognize everyone has a right to their views, values, and opinions, because to *enforce* my view or *any* view would work against everyone inasmuch as we would be elevating a potentially wrong idea and suppressing potentially good ones.  But, since I *have* to make a call, given the urgency and immediate demands of life, I pick x and y values and hold them tentatively as expressions of my best effort.  They don't function in the role of hard and fast statements against contrasting values, or the right of other people to disagree, rather they are in effect my best guesses that I'm forced to move forward with, because life forces us to choose in every moment.  If I had one hard and fast conviction it would be something to the effect that the above is the dynamic everyone is more-or-less subject to, and the only thing we can do is be humble as individuals and wary of attempts to force things because they amount to a kind of emotional and intellectual violence--in that sense I think of myself as a pacifist (and think of pacifism as a virtue).I think Ne is fundamentally an openness to the unknown rooted in an overall optimistic outlook on the myriad possibilities, whereas Ni is likewise open to the unknown but is fundamentally defensive in posture; hence Ni tries its best to narrow possibilities whereas Ne prefers to open up new ones.  In other words, I think Ne is synonymous with an optimism towards the unknown, and I think the unknown is probably *the* primary cause of anxiety in human beings, hence strong Ne users coming off as untroubled and generally happy.There's  a quote by Thucydides, "the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must."  

While working low wage jobs I couldn't help but notice those jobs were all filled almost entirely by Fe types.  This lead me to believe that Fe is the strength of the "meek" in order to bear what they must.  In many ways it is the soul of soulless conditions.  I think mother Teresa as an INFJ probably embodied this.  Which is why she was generally reviled by thinking modes of understanding that wanted to improve the material conditions rather than bolster the moral understanding that made their "exploitation" possible...

In any case, Fe benefits society by taking an unequally low share of material resources so that others might benefit.  In other words, Fe is sacrificial and unselfish, the benefits of which should be obvious (unless you're Ayn Rand)my off the cuff response would be the social anxiety probably stems from negative life experiences that got ingrained via Si and that getting *more* into Ne would be a positive influenceI think we all would agree that preference does **not** equal proficiency, such that it is entirely possible that an INFJ's Ti could outperform an ENTP's, for example.  Further, there may be lifestyle factors that follow from a personality type that may lead one to cultivate a high degree of proficiency in an area that one doesn't naturally prefer to a high degree.  For example, an INTJ might realize that his job or goal requires a high degree of Ti and might tirelessly work at improving it, a consequence of a very INTJ-style deliberation.  

What your quote shows is that, as far as outliers go, the above idea very much holds true.  That it is *not* the case that the highest performers are Ti/Ne doms exclusively.  But this is not what OP asked.  OP did not say why do IQ tests **favor** Ti/Ne doms, rather "why is there so much Ti/Ne in IQ tests?"  Which I do not think the above quote is any way inconsistent with.

We haven't actually proven anything, but I think in general the OPs supposition *is* correct: IQ tests consist primarily in testing Ti/Ne.  And, on average, Ti/Ne types may do better on them for that reason.  But the above quote is taking (absolute) relative properties and it would be an assumption to conclude something absolutely (relative) about the data.  In other words, the quote says *many* records are held by non Ti/Ne types, but that tells us nothing about how people do on average, so it still could absolutely be the case that, on average, Ti/Ne types do do better on IQ tests.  

In other words, I think all of the following could be (and are likely true):

*  IQ tests primarily measure in terms of Ti/Ne
* On average Ti/Ne doms will have higher levels of proficiency with Ti/Ne due to lifelong higher usage
* As far as outliers go, there could easily be people who prefer to use Ti/Ne less, as a matter of personality, who are nonetheless better than almost everyone else at it (for any number of reasons)
* A Ti/Ne outlook as a matter of personality, might actually offset some (formal) Ti/Ne development if it lead someone *away* as a matter of lifestyle into improving them systematically (in other words, you could derive a Ti/Ne principle that an encyclopedic knowledge of tvtropes was going to be your life's pursuit)
* likewise, a xNxJ (or any type really) might improve Ti/Ne to a drastic degree as a consequence of life interacting with their personality, leading them to do so, and gathering the strength to do so as a matter of other functions (in other words, getting at how xNTP's can be notoriously lazy and other types notoriously dedicated)
* on average where no one works particularly harder than anyone else, and factors that would distinguish people are evened out, mere preference does manifest as higher proficiency, on the whole


In any case, I have a low IQ so I don't really know how to do well on these tests, but I'm just spitballing there's an assumption that they don't test Ti/Ne because the best people at them aren't Ti/Ne doms, which I don't think is a fair assumption.  I also think that there's just not enough data to *really* know what's going on, but my bullet points are to carve out what I think *could* be true.

To really know what's going on we'd need a ton of reliable data that could somehow tell us what personality types got on average and further, what exactly personalities were using to answer the questions.  I feel like Ni might actually be helpful, in a sense, to game some questions where you could see what's going on not extemporaneously per se but rather as a kind of test-taking strategy which might allow for very fast, somewhat accurate answers, that on a timed test could result in very high scores (in other words, using a finely honed meta strategy to take the test on your "own terms" vs the "test's terms")

In any case, I want to end by saying I think the notion of IQ as well as Ti/Ne as well as getting inside people's heads (cognitive function wise, while taking an IQ test) as well as a lack of hard data as to IQ tests/people's types (and are they typed correctly..?) etc all means that this topic is going to be hopeless speculative.

My gut says they do test mainly Ti/Ne though but it also says there's nothing really wrong with that and that when we make further judgments about the situation there's a lot of nested values and assumptions.  In other words, implicitly we invoke ideas of "fairness" and "intelligence" and "hierarchy" etc all of which I think are really determining what's being said on a surface level about the issue

I think at the end of the day, the reason IQ tests, appear, to me at least, as measuring Ti/Ne because its impossible for me to think of a test that's written that isn't somehow based in a Ti structure, and Ne is what primarily "explores" those structures.  In other words, IQ tests are abstract things, and somewhere someone had to sit back and figure out how to measure such a thing.  Underlying that deliberation is an entire Ti structure that ultimately gives birth to the test itself.  In other words, its hard for me to imagine a test that isn't somehow grounded in Ti in some way shape or form.  Now the test is about separating people out based on essentially processing power, how do you create such a thing that is "standardized" without Ti?  The idea that two people can take a test and we can derive different results from the same test in a meaningful fashion has at its core an implicit Ti structure that encompasses *enough* that makes that possible.  Ne is just in a dichotomous relationship with Ti such that if you have one their buddy tends to help them out.  I feel like almost in a definitional sort of way any kind of "intelligence" test is gong to rely on Ti in a very deep way, and Ne is sort of a rider along with that.

"think of a test that's written that isn't somehow based in a Ti structure" people are going to take issue with this, but what I mean by this is that a standardized test to measure an abstract concept that is implicitly Ti.  I can think of "tests" to measure Fx--women famously "test" men in this fashion... but it takes on a wholly different character.  I'm saying to sit down with a test booklet and to measure the idea of "intelligence" is inherently something going to be grounded in Ti.  I don't think it cannot be.  However, I do think this is somewhat circular, or definitional, if you like, because you could redefine intelligence as say, kinesthetic, and do the whole thing completely differently.
sounds like your problem wasn't using MBTI necessarily, but using a shallow version of MBTIENFJs have that perk that requires high cha, and gives you +int in conversation checks :)
I actually think reductive answers of the kind given in the original example are actually expressions of inferior emotional understandings of the topic masquerading as "thinking"--hence why they come off as "technically (could be) true, but immature or missing the point"

which is why truly great thinkers don't give out such simplistic answers, but tend to have a sense of mystery so when they engage with Tx they keep it humble (albeit incredibly complex in the details) in the implications...  Its a lot of sophomoric middlemen that like to 1) not even understand the fullness of the thinking 2) blow up the feeling implications out of all proportion... this is scientism in a nutshell

its a kind of sleight of hand where they disguise from themselves their own inept emotional handling of a situation by presuming its justified according to "thinking" when it only has the barest appearance of such.. thus it entails no real complexity of either mode; i.e. it is fundamentally malformed and immature, hence its teenage quality

its a shame how incredibly popular these kind of pseudo explanations are then&gt; to judge a person's values and personality by **only** knowing their MBTI type

yes, I think you're totally correct in this regardI want to be careful so as not to come off as giving a backhanded compliment, because it could be understood merely as "you're able to punch above your weight intellectually, because of charisma"; I mean, in video games that's what it comes down to, but you gotta remember its a really Ti oversimplification in service of the game.  In reality, what it is is charisma is a way of expressing the thinking content of a thing in sophisticated emotional terms.  Just how feeling can encapsulate thinking in stunted terms "love is a chemical reaction", feeling can also encapsulate it (thinking) in highly sophisticated terms (MLK's "I have a dream" comes to mind)--in other words, ENFJs can "smuggle feelings" in a *good way.*  In being charismatic they're boiling complex thinking structures down into highly compelling "sound bytes" that nonetheless suffer no loss in fidelity.  This is how they can dispense with what academics tend to do at conferences, which is read their paper verbatim in a deadpan, and yet preserve most/all of that thinking structure implicitly in their statements and still make their point

politicians would love to be able to do this but they so rarely can.  its the difference between Te and Fe (trump vs Pope JP2)Ti people will absolutely find fault with the article, but as an INTJ I love it

its really not setting out to lay down a comprehensive framework of all mistyping ever, its just throwing out some examples and making some useful observations.  within that modest purview, its excellent

if people could get over themselves (not accusing anyone here, if the shoe doesn't fit don't wear it) and just take it for what its worth, they'd find it's got a lot of valuesome days I'm so emotional I wonder If I might be an INFPthis article and the responses are a perfect example of Te v Tihonestly I feel like I'm on thin ice even being in this discussion so I don't want to say anything that's going to get pulled apart lest I end up like Heidi

but just keep that idea in your back pocket and I think it will reveal itself over timeI feel like, at its most basic, western society encourages emotional repression among its male members, whereas the opposite is true, to some extent, among its female members.  Obviously there is a lot of variance in the particulars, but at the broadest possible level this is going to manifest as a relatively greater reliance and proficiency with the feeling function in women, and clearer manifestations of symptoms resulting from weakness in said functions among men.  In other words, the male INTJ may have more of a emotionally arrested feel to him, whereas the female may have slightly less assertive Te (likely been toned down through sutble societal queues that discourage "bossiness"), but having a dreamier (Ni), more even keeled (Fi) vibe.  

Once again this would only follow general trends and any particular man when compared to any particular woman, within their own type, could still potentially fall anywhere relative to the other in regards to their own functional proficiency

I also think that men who fall into the more stereotypically "feminine types" (ISFJ, etc) tend to find compensatory roles in society, thus a lot of thugs and gang members (not to mention police and soldiers) paradoxically hail from these types

with the rise of feminism this same phenomenon seems relatively less prevalent among women ("manly types" don't seem to seek out "feminine" roles in such a blatantly compensatory manner [although I'm sure it happens, especially in more traditional areas]), which seems to have cultivated a kind of envy among certain groups of men... (pro social "men's rights" groups, etc almost seem resentful of manly women for being encouraged to be manly, meanwhile they continue to be "repressed", which leads to a lot of statements on the fundamental "one-sidedness" of contemporary feminism, which is somewhat ironic given the obvious power gap [which is the lens feminism views itself through], yet what they're speaking to is a more subtle psychological current..).we have a word for people who privilege concrete facts over conceptual notions of reality if it makes you feel better I think most people are referring to Fe when they talk about "feelers" (at least in the given context).  

Fi seems perfectly able, even eager, to acknowledge different viewpoints, whereas Fe seems to bristle at even the spectre of divergence.  If there's a minority/majority split, Fe will often try to crush dissent in relatively brutal fashion (in order to re-establish harmony), where Fi would be more likely to side with the dissenter, in virtue of their right to express themselves, regardless of how it influences the dynamic.   Fi might act counter-intellectual in a scenario where the hold outs are going against widely accepted Tx truths, but they'd be operating in a rebellious (vs tyrannical, in the case of Fe) fashion.   

Hostile "shut downs" of dissenting opinion, which can take on a particularly nasty and anti-intellectual character, tend to come from Fe types, who just want to return to a more tranquil state and usually play a simple (surprisingly egalitarian, since it has little to do with *who* is making the argument) numbers game; i.e. their calculus revolves around how to create consensus around who has the least amount of individuals who need to be shut down (in other words, the minority): that side loses.  There is a kind of impressive rationality to it, in that light, but its the rationality of group integrity over intellectual defensibility.

More importantly though, the OP, and the top response are hilariously in keeping and ironically blind to some of the basic principles of MBTI, which is that the words the ENTP is using to express his proposition is, to him, a value free statement more or less concerned with an objective end state: avoiding conflict by not engaging in situations where differing psychological interpretations of the words lead to mutual misunderstandings and hurt feelings.  Is there any doubt that, taken by itself, that *would* prevent conflict and be more conducive to "hanging out"?  Yet, the INFP comes in and attaches his own peculiar meaning, taking offense to the (what he sees as) insinuation that the capacity of their (the "feelers") rational function is somehow inferior and *worth* avoiding for that reason.  When at no point was that explicitly said, and I doubt it was intended.  (We have an entire thread somewhere where an INTP is lamenting that people do this to him regularly--attach meaning beyond the literal bounds of his word usage).   Now the INFP is not wrong in that what he is defending is absolutely correct (that feeling types are not somehow categorically inferior--at anything), but the question really becomes: is it even at issue?  Is avoiding political discussion a smear against feeling types because it, in the experience of a thinking type, leads to a conflict with no justification?  Is the ENTP really impugning the character of feeling types or is he simply trying to navigate the world in a way that is fundamentally in keeping with what feeling types also desire?  Does the INFP deny the phenomenon I describe in my first few paragraphs--can they not understand that *that*, from the point of view of "thinking," gets in the way? (and is in fact getting in the way here) should everyone line up and take sides, upvoting the quip that best makes the other out to be assholes?

Anyway, the important thing here is that INTJs have found a way to feel superior to both sides

Fe is super oppressive!

bring on the downvotes--they only make me stronger!i feel like if we make a show of our good vibes itll head off any Fe oppression because they won't have the heart to crush our love-in because its what they ultimately really value :)*

I'm imaging a INFJ saying to themselves "fine! let them be wrong if they're so happy"-- that's right Ti--submit!

*smiley added for extra positive emotion
if the original comment to the OP was sincere, there'd be no disagreement, so I'd have nothing to grandstand about!  like I said, this was always about me feeling superiorI love other intuitive doms the most, because it feels like we live on the same planet. [of the judging functions] I like Fi/Te the most, so this means ENFPs and other xNTJs and I tend to strike up the easiest friendships.  ENTPs are cool, because despite their weird[Ti]ness, their perpetual Ne keeps the lines of communication open.  INTPs are like weirder (more closed off) ENTPs, then.  INFJs are basically the worst, cause its like they take the world I live in and go in completely the opposite direction with it [1].  Fe is oppressive and Ti is weird.  INFPs own bones, but tend to get in their own way.  When INFJs and INFPs are healthy they are awesome, but the unhealthy ones are just impossible (in different ways, but equivalent in the sense that they're an intractable mess when they want to be).  Unhealthy ENTPs can still be fun, and INTJs are basically unhealthy ENFPs already so...

As far as sensors go, I like Fi dominance and Te aux/dom (by this I mean any instance of one of these three things).  The rest I can't "naturally" relate to, so it has to go through an extra layer of processing that feels very labor intensive.  I feel like if I let my guard down for one second, I'll say or do something that will offend (SFJs) or irritate (STPs) them.

Honorable mention to ESFPs, with whom I can have great and easy relationships with in small doses, but if we were to spend more than a couple hours together with only eachother, it would be hard to maintain (cause they don't want to talk and I don't want to go dancing)

[1] at the highest levels, we meet up in glorious fashion, however Yes, absolutely.  I feel like Si's superpower is the deep seated knowledge that "if I do this, I'll feel like shit--so I won't do it" This is why they're better at not procrastinating

I think you're dead on: everyone has access to those moments but (dom) Si lives there and channels it like an artWhenever anyone identifies with every function and can't decide I've definitely noticed a pattern that it tends to be Fi obsessing over its own identity (along with some repressed Te that doesn't realize its somewhat lacking in discernment, hence the seeming equal weight behind every option).[in regards to a now deleted comment asking what the above means--kept this around because I thought it might help]

He wants you to understand not just that he thinks in Ti terms, but to fully understand *what that entails* **in** Ti terms (and judge it based on that).  In other words, Fe has the tendency to evaluate opinions in light of the person making it--i.e. democratically: 1 person 1 vote.  Ti wants you to set that aside and evaluate it on the basis of its Tx veracity: it could be 100 people 0 votes (cause they're wrong) or 1 person infinity~ votes (because they're right, according to Ti).  

When Fe types tend to relate to others they do so on the ground that almost all opinions are equal.  Ti does not like that; they try to use objective criteria to sort opinions into hierarchies.  They do not except themselves from this process, and welcome criticism if it helps them refine their model, and are not above having their vote disregarded if its based on error (in fact they demand it, as a matter of intellectual integrity).

Fe tends to weigh individuals and their needs as being independently worthwhile for the mere fact that they emerge from an individual.  Thus they feel they are treating a human with respect by in some sense ignoring flaws in reasoning when weighing the importance of the claims at hand; Ti does the opposite: it strips the claims of all subjective worth and only evaluates them in terms of strict thinking criteria.  Thus if you treat an INTP as worthwhile for their own sake, its almost implying that their claims *cannot* stand up on their own, when they pride themselves on exactly that.  They see it as the consolation prize of the inferior idea that people would assign some irreducible worth to "wrong" views or opinions (for the mere fact that a person made them--as if that is an achievement) and being lumped in with that is undesirable, even insulting.teenagers seem more likely to make mistakes in general, when compared to older versions of themselves

I mean, if this were not the case it would be tantamount to saying people never learn from their mistakesFor me, I think "familiar unfamiliarity" is a good way to capture my sense of navigating the world and especially new or novel situations.  I think its because conceptually I've managed to capture the most general structure of encountering the unknown and relate most experience to that structure/process.  As such I have a general blueprint for handling whatever is not self evident.  I think this is basically Ni in a nutshell.  Since the general contours of experience are given, what remains is filling them in, so I'm in essence working from the borders: outside-in.  I feel like Si does the opposite in many ways where they form a touchstone in concrete experience (memory) and proceed from the inside out. (Ni as carving out a silhouette, Si as a kind of accretion)

In any case, yes, I think this results in Nx dominance being much more comfortable in appropriating the unknown (hence its "visionary" label), whereas Si has a kind of innate discomfort, especially with things that can't be easily understood in terms of what has already been understood via experience  (far out nodes, or outliers, can be anxiety producing)

I think this is because, since Si is rarely used and Ni is dominant, even familiar experiences are filtered through the "unknown analyzer" which is why Ni sometimes has a novel viewpoint on even day to day occurrences.  Its how it gets closer to things than any other method--it looks for what's (in its conceptual implications) different, new, or unseen in even the closely held things.  I think this is how Ni in philosophy uncovers ontological assumptions--it works as a microscope finding the unknown in the closely held, and mundane.  It likewise also works as a telescope finding the unknown in the far reaches.  But zooming super far in as well as looking super far out are similar in character in that they reveal what is sometimes hidden from the standard perspective.

I think about INTJs who analyze day to day interactions in a way that comes off as bizarre or autistic in some sense, but its this process of treating the common simple things as novel and trying to understand them with fresh eyes that leads to interesting, sometimes weird, conclusions or insights about our lives.  Its that exploration of the unknown even within the familiar, because Ni gravitates towards the unknown (the "border states"--in everything). [tangent: this is subtly different than Ti, which wants to codify the exact dimensions of their grid, and thus seek out border states in order to most accurately define things (but explores via Ne--in this sense the INTP is more intentional and targeted), whereas Ni simply gravitates towards them as a matter of perception--its just what they *see* vs what they actively seek to understand in thinking terms (Te then takes over in order to piecemeal explicate the phenomena only after its been provided by Ni perception, but systemic cogency, if any, is primarily a consequence Ni perception itself, for the INTJ).]

I think this difference between Si and Ni can lead to a certain degree of chaffing in relationships, because I want to go where they may naturally want to avoid and vice versa-- they might be unsettled and I might be bored, etc.  Its something that really needs to be managed, because if it runs its course automatically its likely going to result in mounting tension over time

in other words, with Ni gravitating towards the border and Si gravitating towards the center, a degree of tensile stress on the relationship is inevitableSeGattaca is my favorite movie; I think it speaks to Ni Te Fi in almost perfect archetypal formINTJ who went into philosophy

&gt;INTJs that go into philosophy usually have the pre-conceived notion that they are good and that their goals matter

totally accurate in my caseIn terms of INTJ it manifests as "I got what I really thought I wanted, but turns out I didn't really want it once I realized what I got"

In other words, my innate clumsiness with Fi results in having a kind of inaccuracy in gauging what I really want, such that I'll fail to perceive that possibility and realize I'm in that zone only *after* Te has managed to realize the goal

this can result in a lot of embarrassing backpedalingloop implies a self validating scenario where you evade the responsibility of growth by closing yourself off from intervention that would serve to check the imbalance that results from using the 1st and 3rd function exclusively (either both Xe or Xi)

in the case of INTJ turning into an ESFP (shadow) and then "looping" (1st-3rd function) I would be using SeTe, which is actually a very healthy and productive thing for the INTJ; it would basically be the opposite of a loop because its feeding your growth (aux) function (Te in my case) with objective information (Se). 

I guess if you did this forever you would just be an unhealthy ESFP but that would then raise all sorts of questions like maybe you were just always an ESFP, or more generally, is changing personality type even possible.  In the final analysis shadow-&gt; loop is kind of a nonsensical scenario since its not a loop for your base personality if you're in a pattern of behavior that is a loop for your shadow: like a "square circle", "shadow loop" is a linguistic construct signifying a contradiction

it could also be said that a loop in its purest form is merely the exclusive use of two functions each with the same attitude, in that case, regardless of whether you're INTJ or ESFP, eventually using only Se and Te will be bad because you'll run into the problem of whether or not it passes the test of it being what you actually want (Fi).  In that way over reliance on two same-attitude functions is always trouble regardless of this shadow business[what follows is all Ni/Te]

The general blueprint is the idea that everything is unknown inasmuch as everything contains the potential for the unknown within it.  I don't really get much (if any) greater anxiety approaching something totally new versus something I've done it many times before (for the sake of newness alone).  The reason for this is because I always approach anything with a kind of radical "newness"--where I always gravitate toward *what's different* this time, but in a conceptual sense.  In other words, its not about noticing minute concrete differences between whatever is at hand this time versus my memory of what has come before.  Rather it is what is represented in this experience that either points to new conceptual tie-ins or what about it could point to something completely hitherto unknown (more on the Ne side of things).  In other words, I rarely think "ok this is going to go this way this time"  rather its more "lets see what happens this time"--I'm rarely surprised by being surprised, because to me the unknown is lurking in everything and could always be just around the corner.

Even tasks I've done a million times before, I approach in many ways like its the first time, because my method is such that new and old experiences are fundamentally interchangeable.  I'm relying on a conceptual not a particularly mechanical approach that encompasses any possible experience--familiar or new.

What it looks like is willingness to just take whatever happens at face value (a kind of Te) and then proceed based on however it presents itself.  This is why tradition has basically zero conceptual force over me, except inasmuch as it is "real" in the minds of others and this might be a tangible factor with which one must deal with.  Its why rank and hierarchy likewise have no intrinsic value, but can still earn their place for other reasons.  

The blueprint in its most general format is simply to be open to every possibility and evaluate whatever pops up with an open mind.  In other words, it needs to be mesh with Ni and to do that you have to be willing to in some sense re-frame your entire worldview if necessary.  I've found that a lot of people find this really surprising because its really quite rare.  In other words, most people will avoid the unknown because they sense it might contain information that would damage their "box" and they are attached to their box so they will conspicuously avoid situations that woud challenge it.  While INTJs will do this too, they tend to do so in such a way that reveals what's actually going on, whereas other types tend to do so in a way that recedes from view quite subtly.  In other words, because INTJs tend to know the box is open to reframing, if they're avoiding something it tends to point their avoidance of it for exactly that reason.  Whereas other types will more or less do the same thing, but in a less conspicuous manner because they are not in tune to the same degree as the INTJ as to what's happening.

An example of this is Ni will unconsciously perceive a threat 10 steps down the road and avoid going down that road, even if that road is potentially the road to growth, if Ni is unhealthy.  The latest personalityhacker PHQ talks about exactly this, with Antonia's mom.

Anyway, non INTJs tend to do the same thing but they tend to do it with shadow Ni which looks different.  To me shadow functions are functions that get used when using them is *absolutely necessary* but they use it at the lowest possible level and unconsciously.  In other words, shadow functions take the form of assumptions usually.  The idea is here, that to operate in the world humans inevitably need to use all 8 possible functions, but they lean most heavily on 4.  Such that when they are required to use their non preferred ones, they tend to use them at their bare minimum capacity--in a way that is frequently only *implicit* in their actions.

A good example is someone who thinks they can "read" people via Se.  There is actually a Te assessment embedded in this idea, but it is totally unconscious.  A person who uses Te at a more advanced level probably finds the idea of "reading" people (on a purely Se level) as somewhat protoplasmic for all sorts of reasons (not to say there aren't Fe ways to "read" people, etc but for the sake of discussion lets say we're judging the truth value of a person's statements solely on the status of their gaze--I find this asinine--and I think you have to make a Te assumption about the application of such a rule to even suggest it).

Shadow use of Ni then takes on the character of avoiding information that may threaten the person's worldview by categorizing into the "false" camp *as a matter of perception* without even knowing it.  Its a kind of unconscious bias that *limits ones worldview.*  Dominant Ni, to me, is the idea that you almost never do this, without somehow either knowing you're doing it, or pointing it out with neon lights, whereas other types do it a way that is more radically unknown to them.  This is how dom Ni tends to "know" if something is "unknown" to it, whereas to more primitive forms of Ni, it is collapsed into one amorphous unknown.  ISTJs for example will be closed off to certain possibilities, and without knowing they're doing it.  It is all one big unknown.  Whereas Ni, at more sophisticated levels can at least understand that it is in fact doing that--if its pointed out to them.  Whereas base-level Ni cannot understand this.  This gets thrown under the heading of repressed Ne, and the two are linked in that once a function gets so in the dirt, it tends to lose distinction between its attitudes, because both are simply so crude it becomes hard to distinguish the two, nor does it really matter--what's really going on here is is inchoate intuition itself whatever you call it.

Because Ni pre-sorts information in this way, it perceives even what *is known* in a novel way--it can see what might be unknown about something even in the familiar, if any, because it perceives the world by splitting everything into those two camps and *knowing it does so*

Anyway, seeking out the unknown in everything is the process by which you define the great line that separates known from unknown.  You move from experience to experience, abstracting out the conceptual principle in it so that you can sketch a silhouette of a conceptual space.  In other words, one lives by watching the border states of known/unknown and over time this starts to create a picture of everything that could be on one side and everything that could be on the other.  I don't think of it like a tennis court where its a rectangle evenly divided.  Rather I think of each individual Ni as a kind of galaxy or constellation, where the idiosyncratic details of reality take shape but have a kind of natural beauty to them [further, the borders come first, what lies inside may not be at all detailed or could be mostly blank].  I think Ti tries to do the same thing but it does so more with the symbolic equivalent of legos, whereas Ni is more like color and shape itself (Ti does what both Si and Ni do however, in that it sketches the borders and the insides--but it does so in dry thinking terms, hence legos)

Si on the other hand tends to accumulate concrete details and hermeneutically constructs its world on the basis of those concrete similarities--starting from their experiences as children and moving outward, slowly building one large ball of memory which they relate everything new back to.  Anything sufficiently alien or "far away" from the ball is like a lone island or moon or something to the larger globe--if its too different to be attached to the main body it sits out there like a kind of monolith that likely produces anxiety because the person has no way to effectively appropriate it or make sense of it.  I think this is actually the symbolic significance of the monolith.  This is why ITSJs tend to lean heavily on tradition.  It is the Te way of handling their reality--they're not trying to understand the unknown per se, they're simply interested in what has been shown to work, and the fact that it does is sufficient to constitute "truth" in their mind.  It also is a highly effective way to hedge their inability to suss out known from unknown on an individual level--Te essentially ameliorates their greatest weakness by fundamentally allowing others to do the heavy lifting (philosophically) for them (hence their reputation for religion, but in today's world it could easily take the form of common philosophies--such as scientific materialism or whatever... famous ISTJ philosophers would be people like Sam Harris, who basically just restate traditional philosophical positions in a way that appeal to people who already believe in them but in a way that conceals their essential question begging--it gets mocked by intuitive philosophers for being fatally sophomoric, but he provides a valuable service for people who just want enough rigor to get through the day i.e.: the 'fore mentioned ISTJ criterion for truth). (I also feel like this is why SxJs tend to be so attached to their family--if you removed that from them it would be like gutting the core of their world--because their foundation formed in childhood was profoundly bound up with their family)

In any case, tension can be a good thing.  It can create excitement and serve as the basis for mutual respect between one another.  So there's no doom and gloom about it.  In fact, I think if Ni can tap into Si and vice versa its basically the key to self actualization so I think you guys just might have an amazing future in store.  Hegel famously thought that the fundamental tension inherent to opposed views was the engine by which progress itself was propelled--in other words, without this tension progress would stand stillI think people would be best served as treating "masculine and feminine energies" *as presented in this talk* as being orthogonal to MBTI.  Maybe in more colloquial usage there's some kind of connection, but to get the most out of what's being said in this youtube, I wouldn't impose that relationship on themits funny cause I had a similar moment in gattaca where my ISTJ was totally confused by the ending (where it is revealed the doctor knew all along)

normally I'm the one who misses things because I miss sensory queues or detail, but this time the real weight was behind the abstract implications so we were in my stomping grounds for once&gt; Remind me of your enneagram type? (just curious now).

I think of myself as a 1, whereas my ISTJ I think was a 6.  

&gt;He may not have meant that (I tend to find most big name western philosophers very irritating.)

Hegel *is* kind of irritating, I much prefer Kierkegaard; but I do think he pointed out something interesting, which is that for there to be progress there first needs to disagreement/tension/conflict *of some kind*--it may be friendly or cooperative, like in a simple difference of perspective, but its only by comparing the two do we have the basis to create something better.  If we literally agreed on everything all the time, progress would slow way down or halt completely--in that sense its a kind of necessary condition for growth and I think it is welcome for that reason... 

I think you're overthinking it--its just about relative frequency.  Imagine using your perceiving function.  Now imagine using it more often than you use your judging function.  That's basically it.

Yes, dominant perceivers spend more time gathering information than  actively sifting through it.  I do not think this entails some kind of enigma.  Further, no type is forced to react in any given way in a mechanical fashion.  INTJs can draw judgements then seek out perceptions to verify it--they simply tend not to, on the whole.  Things are not bracketed in atomic moments where it must be like judge-&gt; perceive, or perceive -&gt; judge.  Ni is *constantly* perceiving.  A lot of times when problems arise Te is immediately employed because there's already a standing body of knowledge ready to be tapped.  Then once its resolved they go back into information gathering mode, etc."Why" sort of loads the question.  I think J-&gt;P or P-&gt;J sets up a distinction but its largely a matter of description with the end result being similarly "balanced."  If you see the end states as being equivalent a justification is not really necessary.  In the end, they are matters of pure preference.

Take the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche.  He wrote aphoristically, yet taken as a whole his work has a remarkable structural coherency that appears to have been intentional, and yet, by all accounts, was completely unintentional.  Rather the greater implications were emergent properties of the parts that naturally arose from his particular method.

In my opinion, this is how Ni + Te works.  Ni takes in information, but in a structured way: it creates "memories" of conceptual forms.  Te then tends to apply these forms to certain scenarios in a peicemeal manner.  In other words scenario X arises, and Te consults its database of conceptual forms to try and understand what's going on.  Thus you end up with a lot of metaphors, etc.  However, because Ni, as a matter of perception, only retains concepts that hang together in a certain way, Te can only sketch out what Ni provides for it.  The end result of Te laborously pouring out these aphorisms is a kind of pointillist portrait of that person's individual Ni itself (in essence their worldview).

Ti is a kind of subjective logic [1] (a worldview), but it is constructed with the overall intent in mind to be a coherent structural whole (so it wants to build a coherent structure, whereas Ni wants to describe reality).  It uses Ne to gather materials and work out the details and shore up any deficiencies.  In the end it also creates a picture of the world, but it is a Ti picture rather than a Ni one... However they are both useful and functional, thus there is no clear winner.  I think in the end you might say in regards to the "why"--if you have a group of people, and that group can do both, they are more adaptive and ultimately effective than a group that relies on one exclusively.

In other words, both methods have their merits and diversity is an adaptation to the world

[1]I think there is a misconception that Ti is objective, when what defines Ti is its subjective character.  *Thinking itself* is inter-subjective, Te is objective.   Ti wants to perfectly model the world within a consistent framework.  Ni+Te wants to describe the world as it is, as it comes.  I think what you're struggling with is the inner valuation that a Ti framework is best for its own sake (and somehow is, or should be, everyone's goal), so cannot understand why anyone would go about things differently.  But no model is (as yet) perfect, hence a more immediate and pragmatic approach can be far more effective--thus it has earned its seat at the table, so to speakIn other words, you need to get an accurate lay of the land, before you hand it off to others for modeling (Ti) or modification (Te), etcI like to think the benefit of specialization is that the archetypes help push our horizons across various fronts  

Obviously, this list should not be taken as restrictive (by this I mean something like "only INTPs can advance philosophy"--Kierkegaard was likely an INFP and my favorite philosopher, etc), but it helps illustrate what I mean

like as far as the INXXs  in the humanities go:

INFP | INFJ | INTJ | INTP |
:--------|:--------:|:---------:|---------:
Poetry | Literature | Psychology | Philosophy
Music | Religion | Law | Neuroscience



I tend to visualize like as the J/P axis shifts and the judging functions change you tend to get different focuses, but all of which help illuminate the human condition, but without eachother's help we would not all have access toat its most basic, that hierarchy is informed/ordered by 1) the environment (chance)--in other words, what you're exposed to is going to make up what goes into the heirarchy and 2) Fi (in the case of INTJ), which provides the values and "direction" on what to pursue

&gt;Oh but it is! Necessary in the sense that a justification necessarily does exist.

Well it depends on what you mean by this.  A justification as in a "why?" in the sense of values? Which is what I think you have tended to gravitate towards; or a why as a matter of "cause" in the more naturalistic sense?

As a matter of strict mechanical cause we have the aforementioned adaptive explanation.  As to a moral cause, this is going to be evaluated primarily in terms of the judger's judging function, which is why to me if we suppose their output is fundamentally balanced, from a Te perspective it doesn't even raise an issue.  It sounds like Ti wants a mechanistic breakdown of how moral causes function before it can be satisfied though, so... (it sounds to me like what you're saying is a justification (explanation) is necessary because any phenomenon must necessarily be capable of being explained--thus for something to exist it must have an explanation--which I would warn is an ontological assumption--it is actually the first step on the road to "if it can't be modeled it doesn't exist" which terminates in "the map *is* the territory"--which is a mistake I see Ti make constantly). [ultimately I think it comes down to me using a [Dialectical-Algorithmic](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles#Dialectical-Algorithmic_Cognition) style of cognition, whereas you prefer what strikes me as a Causal-Determinist way of thinking/explaining things]

...Anyway, I think if you want to find an agent at the top in terms of moral cause-- Jung supposed that culture purposefully channeled our evolutionary "ability" to specialize (the aforementioned adaptive explanation) in order to advance the collective goals of western civilization.  In other words, as time has gone on culture has promoted meta values (hero worship, essentially) that encourage individuals to compartmentalize because doing so allows advances in fields relevant to those capacities at a quicker rate (see my above table).  The meta value is the idea that specialization is good (this has almost gone unchallenged since the Greeks)--the relative regular values shift according to generation usually.  PersonalityHacker recently did a podcast suggesting that right now Ti has become an ascendant value, but in the past it has been variously Fi, or Te, etc (really, every function has had their time to shine at some point).  Another perspective on this is Marcuse's *One-Dimensional Man*

Either way, the point is not that INTJs have cornered the market on law, just to show how certain approaches can benefit a field, which goes to the "why" of j/p preference
Yeah law is a great wheelhouse for INTPsI've always felt like a type 2 and I think it goes to academia wanting tidy modular essays that make it easy on the grader to evaluate.  In other words, you might have the most interesting Ni + Te shit in the world, but no one really cares enough to find out; rather you're primarily judged on how well you demonstrate exactly what you learned: the best way to do this is meet Ti on its own level and repeat whatever version of Ti (INTPs can experience this as well when they substitute *their own* version) you're dealing with back to itself.  Challenging things is more easily understood as simply being confused; and half the time it actually is just confused.  Since either challenging things or being confused both essentially miss the point, its eminently reasonable they're judged as inferior, but its also understandable why the type 2 feels the way they doYeah its basically definitional: you are a Ti domA lot of it is going to have to do with the audiencethis is so brilliantI think this is mainly a surface level confusion--people would still have to work out for themselves whether they perceive or judge as a dominant function, which is tricky no matter how many letters you use to describe it (or whether you use J/P to point to it).  While J/P may be somewhat misleading, I don't think omitting it would necessarily help because the underlying issue would still be there (it is a question of understanding oneself and the cognitive functions) and in fact might exacerbate it because people may not realize how it factors in-- in other words, P/J at least draws attention to that, commonly understood (in folk terms), distinction.

At the end of the day people would still have to ask, "does this (letter *order*) abstraction represent my function stack" or "does this *individual* letter (J/P)?"  In other words, I feel like your system is largely a matter of abstract aesthetic "preference" but doesn't really differ in what is at issue in a substantive way.

I think the J/P is just trying to do two things at once, which is to capture a kind of popular conception of what it means to judge or perceive, and also point to a more technical and systemic understanding of it from within the abstract M-B system.  Trying to balance those entails a kind of necessary tension I don't think you can do without because however you slice it--up to and including omitting the J/P language itself, you still have to reckon with that idea to really understand personality types

honestly, I think you treat as intuitive, or even self evident, that your system would somehow facilitate this "reckoning" better than the current system, but I think that's a kind of subjective assumption, because it appears to me to include exactly as many mental leaps as the current one (not that it is at all a bad system or flawed in any way, I just think of it, from my perspective, as substantively equivalent.  This might have something to do with Ti v Te.  I think your system might be more intuitive (in the colloquial non technical sense) to Ti

without a doubt, you can omit a letter and use word order instead as a factor to determine the 16 possibilities, but *is* that more elegant?  I think that's a subjective Ti thingI feel like (mature) Fi recognizes in other Fi the genuine conviction of the other and respects it, because they are likewise experiencing the same thing and it would be hypocritical to ask the other to back down while at the same time refusing to do so themselves.  This is assuming they both have sufficient criteria to believe the way they do; in other words, a convincing case can be made for either side.  If one side is clearly wrong according to neutral criterion it might cause an escalation of hostilities.  The problem then becomes an issue of thinking.  If niether side can think well, they may very well confuse their own unfounded position for a meritorious one and escalate commensurately.  This is why Te is so important to Fi.

However, when Te sees outcomes as more balanced it views methods and goals as matters of "preference" and Fi is all about tolerating, even appreciating, preference [style] in a way quite different and much more accepting than Fe

Fe/Ti are far more rigid in enforcing a kind of social harmony, with Ti acting as the kind of rubber stamp (or post hoc rationalization, if you will) on whatever Fe thinks needs to happen.  However the reverse tends to be true when it comes to organizational order, Te demands a kind of rigid compliance/uniformity for the sake of the system, whereas Fe is all about making exceptions for peoples' weaknesses, etc.  Hence it benefits one to be weak if one is in a organization run by Fe, whereas Te benefits the strong

this top down imposition on its members can explain a lot of sharky behavior (in the case of Te) or the oppression Olympics (in Fe)I thought it was pretty awesomeYup, and Fe *will* go on the offense if their sense of reciprocity is violated.  Its more covert contract than altruism most the time, because of their willingness to retaliate (and their absolute self assuredness that doing so is *justified*).

I try to give Fe a wide berth for this reason--getting tangled up with them can be a total nightmare--its like the mafia with them sometimes, they help you once when you're not asking and now you're in for lifeI feel like all this is somewhat backwards *because* INTJs are more likely to recognize words as mere signs and Ti users are more likely to take them literally; thus while what you're saying may be true, once you run it through language Ti is more likely to get hung up on (what I consider to be) pedantry where INTJs are likely to be pointing at a larger dynamic or result

if the language use is unequivocal in that respect though, INTJs will likely hone in on that (any inconsistencies), whereas Fe may play fast and loose ("you know what I mean"--pointing to some ethereal Fe principle, perhaps).

INTPs and IxFJs use language pretty differently though, so they're definitely not a monolith when it comes to this dynamicyes, I'm thinking any "backwards" characterization is primarily a result of point of view--that either/or pov could see it as one way or the other with each being appropriate to their own understanding.  Makes it very hard to make hard and fast statements because each contains its own axioms and outgrowths that are unique and somewhat opposed to the other, but individually valid (internally consistent) as well

in other words, what constitutes pedantry is its own constellation of ideas that refers back to something deeply held and individuated, such that either side might consider the other pedantic for outwardly different, but ultimately fundamentally similar reasons(finally a topic after my own heart!)

**yeah**, I feel like the biggest indicator people feel sensing is somehow inferior is how they feel the need to jerk it whenever the opportunity arises  [1]

if you really understand the gravamen of cognitive functions then you have to realize how radically metaphysical it is to draw value judgements across type boundaries.  I might say I dislike this or that approach, or it is ineffective according to this or that metric; but its never crossed my mind that one might be objectively inferior or superior--that implies a hierarchy informed by a point of view I can never posses.  thus I never felt the need to praise sensing, because its asinine--I might as well be saying something like "I'm a moron" for all it implies--and as soon as I do that my praise means nothing--its an insult to the object of my praise to praise it from such an untenable position

in any case, sensors don't need intuitive praise or validation--if anything the system works *because* we critique eachother according to our own strengths-- we can't step outside that and try to value *our weaknesses* as if that means anything in light of how we choose to be.  the greatest testament to the sensory approach being valid is to respect it and criticize it from the point of view of its weaknesses (i.e.: intuitive strengths) as if it were capable of improving itself, and vice versa.  this is a very Te perspective, I imagine Fe feels differently in the language it uses, but I feel the intent is to impart equal dignity--just because of what it values manifests itself in a different way--thus I kind of feel a lot of the "praise" for sensors or at least "recognition" or "democratic point of view" towards it is rooted in Fe of some kind

you see this a lot in Te "I feel like the truest respect is the idea that the object of my criticism is capable of improvement" vs Fe's "don't be a dick" etc type difference in approach (which seems to be paternal and condescending in making the decision for the other on what they can and can't handle)

sensors rule the world anyway.  if anything they should be making posts about how awesome intuition is since we need all the help we can get-- I mean only intuitives care about this tiny corner of the internet anyway--most of the (sensory) population is actually out there dominating, you know, real life


[1] I could see how this confuses Ti though: "wait, why would I praise something *inferior*?  Praise connotes superiority or at least merit of some kind"--oh were it that simple!
yeah strengths are only strengths according to the complex of functions that creates the standards whereby we judge, hence the word itself entails a question begging that implies the object of judgement likewise values the standards being applied.  however, in the world, the tension is real, and the varied personalities have to co-exist, hence they tend to create conflict, but also compromise and mutual understanding--in the end the dynamic works, not because its clean-cut systemic elegance but because it seems to have worked out from an evolutionary point of view... hence if theres any overriding "strength" its a kind of survival of the fittest, that embraces this kind of natural conflict... which is why I find it inconsistent to try and not "criticize" a way of doing things if I find fault with it--it tends to make the species stronger--this was Nietzsche's main point and why he called [what came to be known as Fe] as "anti-life" (although perhaps you could say Fe just fights its wars indirectly--in other words INTJ thinks he's criticising X person and ESFJ steps in, not to not-criticize X but to criticize INTJ directly.  this is an interesting take on how Fe isn't about "harmony" at all, its just about assigning different targets).Yes dramatically lopsided results are more meaningful in the presence of a large sample, but your proposed cause is just as much an assumption as would be saying its caused solely by mistypes.  In other words, your interpretation of the data is by no means conclusively determined merely on the basis a slant exists at all; in fact the idea that there's a ton of mistyping exists precisely to explain the well-known slant

obviously, the answer is that both contribute to the numbers we see, but in unknown proportion relative to one-another so I don't think calling mistyping a "conspiracy theory" is necessarily warranted.  And clearly, to your credit, there seems to be strong evidence consistent with the idea that INs are drawn to theories developed by INs.  One idea that works to bridge the gap between those data points is that INs write (or *wrote* most the currently-popular) type descriptions, naturally drawing in other INs but also making them more attractive in virtue of being more well fleshed out, which also contributes to mistyping.  I believe it was Nardi that said when they got S types to spend time writing their own descriptions, the descriptions also got more traction.. 

In any case, lets not fall into some kind of false dichotomy where its either *all* mistyping or *all* INs love IN theories explanations--both seem to be only part of the same pictureI actually think one's reaction would be based on your primary judging function.  I.E.: if someone held a gun to your head what you would do next would be based on how you evaluated the situation.  Hence, there's a kind of radical disconnected quality to this hypothetical.  Within it, it implicitly skips over the crucial step.  We need to rewind and go to that moment, and from there see how cognitive functions would impact the scenario.  Further, from then on out there would be a kind of repetition from that moment on where every time the "gun continues to be held" so to speak the way forward needs to be re-decided.  In this way the "gun to head" scenario sort of begs the question about cognitive functions changing because it overlooks that cognitive functions will determine exactly how you proceed in that moment and beyond--it is not some kind of foregone conclusion that you will simply "begin using [the forced] function" as a matter of a gun being held to head, and further that one would do so in perpetuity.  And *even if they did* there would be an underlying rationale to it, rooted in the preferred judging function... and *even if it were* to change one's type, this would cause the math to be recalculated and then maybe you'd *stop* pretending on the basis of this forced change, and thus revert, etc etc, ad infinitum.  In other words, this is a nonsense scenario

I responded to you, because I agree with you, but this is mostly directed at /u/finalmeme's postIts an assumption to say neuroplasticity means type can change, maybe neuroplasticity is merely the means by which types *develop*ENTJ

starts out with a Ti vibe, but upon reflection this seems like a product of a method that is generally *learned*, whereas all the reasoning to follow seems to be Te based (starts with facts or observations and works backward to explain them).  We even rubbed an INFP the wrong way by the somewhat (and by somewhat I mean *massively*) clinical approach to the topic as well as the assumption that discourse of this kind might go to type (which I think it does, in its own way).I feel like although there are differences between using differing attitudes of the same function, you are still fundamentally using the same function.  Hence, it can be confusing as to where the line is drawn between, for example, Ne and Ni, such that a Ne dom might be using intuition in an introverted manner on occasion and not fully realize it.  So, to them, that was just a way of using Ne, since they equate all intuition usage with their dominant usage of it (i.e. its extroverted attitude).  This creates a kind of conceptual blurriness that obfuscates the fact that its actually simpler than they think it is, not somehow complex or alien beyond comprehension

in other words, Ne and Ni are closer than people think, especially as they become more proficient at them because they start to use intuition in a more varied and holistic way.  While there are meaningful differences between attitudes, they are, while harder to conceptualize, more similar than say different functions of the same attitude.  I think this is because in general attitude is a less complex, deep, and nuanced concept than any pure function (which comprises an ocean of depth just as a concept itself.  I.E. "feeling" or "thinking" in general are so much more complex than introverted or extroverted x function)

to sum it up, when I catch myself using intuition in an extroverted manner it feels quite similar to Ni, to where if I wasn't aware of the cognitive function model I would not discern a difference in how it "feels" (as a matter of qualia).  Well maybe I would, but it would definitely be a matter of a shade of difference on the same thing.  To me it was always just a kind of daydream.  But I think once we become aware of the cognitive function model we want to distinguish them in a way that is not %100 natural--while a distinction exists, to me it feels like they almost get shoved into this false dichotomy where you're only using one or the other, all the time and that's it.  And that doesn't really jibe with my experience of it

in other words they try to re interpret their experience backwards from their understanding of the model and that leads to confusion because they think they should feel the hard and fast qualitative distinction the model makes in abstract as a qualitative first person experience and because they don't, they think they're not using their opposite attitude, but what they should be doing is judging foremost from their experience and then molding their understanding of the model around that.  I can see how this is very much a Ti problem because they seem the most likely to work from models in this wayI find I like Ti least when its being motivated by Fe, but tries to pass itself off as somehow objective, when that is precisely the realm of Te

xNTPs don't usually have this problem, and are fun to learn from because it feels "pure"

whereas, to use Zizek's phrase, "pure *ideology*" is usually Fe masquerading as Ti, and has a very icky quality to itTi is subjective logic.  Sometimes its easier to identify when its asinine.  Unjustified if-&gt; then assumptions tend to be examples of poor Ti.  What makes it Ti is its a logical structure the subjective individual finds *convincing*.  In other words, it doesn't need to meet the standard of inter-subjective validity, or objectively valid logic, rather it needs to take the form of "logic" and be subjectively valid.  That is the bottom floor of Ti.  Lots of xSFJ managers who put into place ridiculous rules, because, to them, that will "solve" the problem (unlikely) are an example of this kind of reasoning.  In other words, fallacious (yet convincing) reasoning is Ti done poorly.  

Lots of xNTPs will likely come in and try to explain *their personal* (dom/aux) *Ti*, which is way way more developed than what I'm getting at here, but that is their subjective experience, where my goal here is to lay out the most basic structure of Ti

Tx done well is *thinking* proper; i.e.: adheres to rules of logic that are either inter-subjectively valid, or objectively true (Te, i.e. consistently produces the tangible and desired result).  This can take many forms and is kind of an ocean of a concept because the idea of validating a logic itself is a Te concept, hence contentious.  Suffice to say Ti or Te done well have sound *thinking* in common which bridges the gap.  Where they fight is when they rely too heavily on their attitudinal element, without enough "meat" (thinking-proper)thanks

Its not meant to be condescending (although I'm sure it comes off that way--damn PoLR Fe).  But its just meant to be the barebones of Ti.  Ti doms, especially those with high IQs, take it to the next (million or so) levels, and perhaps all Ti users would like to fancy themselves so proficient (because *it is* impressive), but the truth is Ti is a kind of dynamic, not a proficiency in of itself.  That dynamic can just as easily be weak instead of strong, etc.  

PS: Ti done well is is incredibly impressive and a real testament to the human mind.  I find Ti done poorly frustrating beyond belief, but Ti done well is epoch-making

also, people really underestimate what it takes to get Ti to that level.  Ti dominance is dominance in every sense of the word.  Tertiary Ti on your average person is not even close and can't lay claim to that grandeur "religious" itself is a psychological concept.  In other words, is religion going to church?  Is religion Fe?  Is religion "spirituality"?  Is it metaphysics?  Each type is no more or less religious than another, rather what "religion" means to each type is different&gt;implying selfish might not be the best

perhaps we should address **that** before making trivially true statements about concepts that *by definition* relate to the self (i.e.: are selfish--thank you captain obvious)there's a logic to perceiving functions even if we call them "irrational" because they're situated within the Ti theory of cognitive functions (which is itself a rational framework).  People can go in circles forever on this but its essentially a "known unknown."  

in other words, we have drawn lines around Ni in relation to the other functions in light of a systemic whole, the result being Ni is in "a box."  Inasmuch as *that box* has a distinct structure, we can draw thinking conclusions about Ni; what is "inside" the box (what Ni *really* is, and *what its like* to be a Ni dom) is still however a mystery

I've read somewhere that people identify so strongly with their dominant function (unconsciously) that perceived "attacks" on it are felt as existential attacks upon the person themselves.  In the case of Ni I can see why people might get so defensive over misunderstanding it or mishandling it by propagating those misconceptions as a systemic body of knowledge, because Ni has a recursive relationship to itself in that "Ni" is itself an intuition such that the issue is therefore highly personal to the Ni dom.  yeah, I think each function is subtly influenced by its position in the stack and by the other functions in the other positions as well.  Ni on an INFJ and INTJ is going to look different, and even moreso the Ni on an ENTJ when compared to the first two.  I think this is what gives rise to true individuation in personality rather than there being static modular functions that are then filled like blank slates.  I think if this were not so cognitive functions would have been obvious far sooner than they were, because that relatively simplistic structure would have been easy to spot versus, the now, exponentially greater amount of possible (and subtle) variation

it might be too much to say that Ni is "different" (it could basically be the same), but rather that Ni in the dominant position and Ti in the tertiary create different emergent properties (which is trivially true), but further, the interplay between them at the holistic level of analysis is distinct from, say, Ni + Fi.  So it is both true and not true that Ni is "different"--it depends on whether you're conceptualizing it as an atomic function or as synergistic components of a whole personality, in the latter case it being fair to call them different because its judged as a complex which influences itself and clearly, on that level, works differently

all of the foregoing being a further elaboration on "the box" with no disrespect to the individual first person experience of Ni intended (in regards to "attributing things to Ni")

edit: also, I think the entire idea of "loops" is basically an unhealthy and exaggerated version of the natural dynamic you're pointing out.  If it weren't the case that what you're describing happens, loops couldn't happen--but they dofor what its worth, I feel like your intuition (in the colloquial sense) is spot onI feel like there could be a lot of good reasons why you don't have much in common with internet INFJs that doesn't include you not being one (first possibility: maybe its *them*--but also many other possibilities)...

Another thing: people in loops don't admit to being in them while they're in them--its practically definitional--always keep that in mindright, I forget the Te is not so strong.  I was implying that you never know when the person you're talking to, despite claims to the contrary, may in fact be in a loop.  I see no reason to think you may be (presently) in one or were in any way guilty of what I suggested; rather, always consider the possibility that it is *someone else's problem* manifesting itself when you find yourself at a disjunction with them 

(a mandatory disclaimer: it is not *always* someone else, rather, just, in principle, it *could* be.  in all likelihood *we* have work to do [on ourselves--always!], but a part of the work is to anaylze the *entire* situation which necessarily includes others as well as ourselves.  A good balance).no, definitely notI mean your position amounts to "everyone already knows the truth, so we can just dispense with it and all be nice to eachother", which, to me, seems insane--because what good is the truth if everyone collectively ignores it?  Don't we simply just run into the truth being, for all intents and purposes, at that point, a matter of mass opinion?  Which, incidentally, is how Fe strikes me--mere group relativism.  There's a kind of blind faith that everything will work itself out if we just "be nice" but it denies the reality of limited resources and different groups.  It may ensure a kind of in-group harmony, but it will only extend as far as its own borders.  At which point Fe just mobilizes itself for war, which is ultimately greater in scale (and more horrific in extent) than what any Te-Fi individual villain could ever hope to achieve--and it proceeds with a clean conscious because of how "the good" is defined.  In other words, it takes the gloves off and permits (encourages, even) atrocity via group sanction.  **That** is the really scary thing--the loss of individual conscience to the group--history shows us exactly how that can go wrong

I feel like ISTJs get a bad rap as "death camp guards" when its really the FJs you gotta watch out for&gt;&gt;Yeah, no. I didn't say everyone knows the truth. I said I already do, because I personally don't avoid hard truths, and that informs my personal preference between two character flaws. And I said if you want to talk to someone about the truth, you don't need to be harsh and disrespectful, and you don't need to sugarcoat it either. I pretty much don't even know what you're talking about?

exactlygreat.  now I can't unseeyeah, the only other ENFJ I know (not personally) is Daniel from MBTV and he sort of fits that description

one thing I'm not sure of is the ordering of my instinctual variants, but i do know I'm definitely SP last (at least based off of XX last descriptions--it feels like there are so many incongruent descriptions), which I guess is a decent method of determining them for yourself.  It can be really subtle trying to suss them (sp/sx/so) out since they all feel present to some degree or another.  I on the whole feel relatively balanced, but I do resonate with SP last moreso than anything else.  I'm wondering--is that how you went about it too? Or did Sx first just really stick out?  I feel like its all further compounded by enneagram #, such that a Sx first on a 1 is different than 2, etc, making things even harder to nail downEnneagram is great--its like a separate level of analysis that can add depth to understanding oneself in addition to the cognitive functions (its basically independent of MBTI, but also complimentary).  Check it out!yeah I feel like its really hazy, but still really interesting.  Like there's really something there of substance, but its poorly definedWe actually had one like 4 days ago, but it didn't take off.  In any case, the more the merrier!

I know one ENTJ and I would say he fits your description.  Its weird, cause hes super skinny, but his jaw is quite square almost like it belongs on a bigger blockier physiqueCan you try describing what its like being an INFP 6w5?

That seems exotic to me (I don't really understand 6s that well, and it feels like most INFPs style themselves as 4s, so I'm familiar with that outlook, but not the 6w5)haha awesome.  You gotta figure hormones wouldn't provide you with dat jaw just to leave you in the lurch with the rest of your body so you can probably easily achieve what you're going for (with some decent effort, of course)thanks for thatYes, but my gut reaction to that suggestion is to think its more of a consequence of repressed Se creating in me admiration for strong Se displays of conviction since I know how difficult they are (for me) to dredge up.  Obviously not all boisterous displays are convincing, but I still sort of judge them along the lines of my own idiosyncratic standards, with "soft voices" kind of lacking the power behind them I tend to assume accompanies the truth, etc

it could be a chicken/egg problem between type 1 and inferior Se or perhaps they just go hand in hand and its both, at least in my case

for example, I love the provocative self assured way in which writers like Nietzsche and Miguel De Unamuno critique whatever the object of their thinking happens to be.  to me, the way they go about it, flaunting the Fe implications, forcing you to reckon with it despite the fact that it could be offensive speaks to its value

I notice when Fe types talk to me and are trying to ingratiate themselves sometimes theyll get quieter and quieter to the point of like absurd obsequiousness and I find it just makes me more irritated and then we're definitely in a death spiralthank you and--Its not too late, guys; keep posting!I freakin' love ISFPs.  Yet to meet one I didn't immediately feel comfortable aroundSorry, I'm totally straight; I love ENFPs though.  One of my best friends is an ENFP and I feel like I can tell her anything (and she'll fully understand it) which is a welcome relief since I tend to bring a lot of Fe condemnation on myself, once I open my mouthI bet just being told that, and being given the freedom to autonomously come up with something, really makes her feel appreciated

INTJs love it when people actually respect and trust what they can do, because I feel like we're viewed with constant suspicion by half the worldYeah I feel like they're all in there such that the forer effect really starts to mess with things.  Sometimes I think I might not even be SP last based on some descriptionswhat's it like being an INFP?  Have you investigated enneagram at all?I really like this, could you keep going?

I guess, to lend more direction to the question, I think of Fi as "finding oneself, in the world" so I want to hear about how you think you fit in the world--how you think the world views you, and how you view it, and any meaning you attach to any of that, etc

I want to hear about likes/dislikes because I think dominant Fi is the master of understanding itself in those terms

I also really like seeing the process worked out explicitly, because it allows me to understand my own process--I benefit from all the work that's gone into understanding yourself because we share a piece of that, but I do not understand it nearly as well.  I feel like Fi doms can help a Fi tert grow way beyond that which they can accomplish alonetotally agreethank you for thisi feel like they should put you in a book as *the* archetypal look of an ISFJcan you share a little on what its like being a Fi dom 9w1?yes!yeah, I feel like this is likely a case of OP being a mistyped Fe of some kind

I think he's an INTJ.  If you watch his videos he tends to work backwards from facts and clashes with people who want greater clarity from within the confines of a ground-up system (Te v Ti).  I definitely believe he gives off a Fi vibe, because of the Te/Fi dichotomy.  He comes very close to directly criticizing  Fe/Ti when he talks about how people assume hierarchies are bad then construct ideologies around that implicit worldview (whereas the legitimacy of hierarchy is practically self-evident to Te).

According to socionics (which, take it or leave it, but here's an interesting data point:) Ti is the "demonstrative" function of INTJs, which means they tend to use Ti as a bridge to communicate their ideas; which makes sense, because they need something to reach the Fe/Ti axis (another example: Fe types tend to have Fi demonstrative).  You can tell he's well versed in analytic philosophical reasoning (Ti), which makes sense, because while Te/Fi types are likely to be convinced by his point of view intuitively, the real difficulty is convincing Fe/Ti

That's what I really think, but what I really feel is that types "laying claim" to certain persons is bullshit and pointless.  I almost didn't want to even post anything because I ask myself "who cares if INTPs claim him?" but then I thought it might be a good opportunity to put out a different point of view, mainly for the sake of my ENFP brethren, who I don't think really have a dog in that fight and would be receptive to my reasoning, even if they reject my conclusion.  I find the "typing others" thing and all the fighting that goes along with it tiresome

I also tend to think of INTJs as the most-feelsy rationals, especially Ni strong ones.  It's pretty clear Fi drives most INTJs at a core level, they just have varrying levels of self awareness.  The self aware ones probably come off as more Fi because they've tapped into what grounds them and manifest some of the positive traits of doing so.  The less self aware ones are grounded all the same but the tend to manifest the negative tendencies of a neglected Fi, unless their environment is very healthy...  I think maybe we're honorary feelers in that sense, so I can see how ENFPs would see thatwell here's the thing, INTJs use Ne (again according to socionics), at a high level, but only in a negative fashion, where they are unconsciously aware of a plethora of possibilities but use Ne to identify and reject possibilities rather than expand upon them.  So a high level INTJ is going to bring up lots of counter-examples or examples simply to reject them, and the interesting thing tends to be *why* (which is Ni + Te); in doing so they illustrate their point indirectly by destroying their "enemies" so to speak (a Ti way to formulate this method would be "strengthening their argument by eliminating alternative causes").

I think everything you're observing is definitely happening its just that he's such a high level thinker he could be claimed by many different groups because he's using functions at a level of sophistication that even dominant users may not have reached (namely Ni/Te and Ne/Ti) and its mainly driven by Fi.  You can absolutely tell he's not on the Fe axis if you watch his debates, like the UofT debate, where its basically him vs the world.  Compare him lecturing to hubert dreyfuss--you can instantly tell who is concerned with Fe and who isn't

lol, this reasoning, as well as the unconsciously held values that, in fact, one type can "be better/best" is exactly why there's so many fake INFJs.  Once you actually deal with them you realize they're flawed like everyone else (and to the same degree)

the idea that you can just throw out some abstract letters and say "this order is better than that order" is so asinine

oh "well rounded" if you want to call it that.  guess what? every type is well rounded, its the entire basis of the system.  every function exists in a dichotomy that gives rise to a stable-over-time phenomenon we call "personality"--they're all equilibrated ("well rounded") by *definition*-- anything else is a pure value judgement i wasn't directing my comment at you at all, just the underlying reasoning which I think is shared by many many people and gives rise to an observable phenomenon, which is now explained

you don't need to couch or placate me with emotional statements, I'm not a feeler 

also you don't need to insult INFJs, I think we can leave it "they are just as good/bad as everyone else"--getting into their negatives overshoots the mark-- why? because you think Itll make me happy? whether or not it makes me happy doesn't change the reality of INFJ balance or the personality system

to clarify: I'm not saying you value anything.  I'm saying someone out there is like "yeah NiFeTiSe *is* really well rounded--well that's me!" (it could be any type in question)--this is just the overall *structure* of the reasoning that goes into self typing errors.  you might call it anti reason, because its a fundamentally irrational approach to self typing.  Just pointing that out.  there's also a kind of weird elegance to it, because it is a kind of tert/inf form of Tx reasoning so maybe it works itself out, although I think its just as likely to result in self typing as a rational if they value it, i.e.: if they go the INTP route in your original post, for whatever reason

I know this is too much to ask, but try not to take any of the foregoing too personal
I think ENFPs help lift the existential burden of mankind.  They've probably prevented more suicide than any other type.  Their impact is incalculable because its like look at how many great producers of art and philosophy and literature (rothko, deleuze, hemingway) committed suicide, now think how many more would have?  It boggles the mind (would *any* of us even be here?).  Now, ENFPs all have their own direct contributions but I think of them as the unsung heroes of history, because other types selfishly seek glory at the expense of their own soul and someone has to pick up the slack--to balance the psychic scales of humanity--and that role in society is as crucial as oxygen

its the beauty of Ne Fi Si.  the self preservation of the soul of mankindall this is super accurate but Fe/Ne hates being held up to a mirror

nevermind the haters, spot on, especially that -8 comment, except its probably ISFJI feel they do for individuals what INFJs do for the group.  I think this is why INFJs are meant for the monastery because the ENFP can marry their great individual (and be treated as the great individual they are in return), but anyone marrying an INFJ will always be second to the mob.  You will be sidekick to the enabler (of what?--anything! gross..).  The INFJ will never reciprocate to an individual at the expense of the group so either you go in the monastery *together* and isolate yourselves, or make peace with being cuckolded by Fe non stop.  At least ISFJs can narrow things down from the plane of abstraction to their immediate family or whatever.   I feel like conventional wisdom recognized this dynamic and tried to protect precious ENFPs, and everyone else, from this kind of waste (waste because it dilutes the attention of the INFJ [giving moral support to groups too sick/weak to help themselves] and also wastes the efforts of their SO on someone who can never really love them as an individual deserves to be loved--as the *highest*).

Its probably why INFJs love ESTPs so much because a psychopath is the closest you can get to marrying an actual group

with all that said, when I was too sick/weak to help myself an ENFP saved my life, so I can see why the group reveres INFJ so much (think mother Teresa or whatever--the soul of soulless conditions--but she was a nun for a reason)

I feel like all these people wishing they were INFJ would tremble and run if they knew where it was taking them, instead its a manifestation of that reciprocal herd-admiration--but that's *all* it is, most the time

you think its bad for the spouse? think of the children...

Fe/Ne is all about exploring every possible lie to make people (groups) feel better (when they find one that sticks they call that morality).  Woe to anyone who tears the mask off thathave you ever considered you might be an ESFP?  I ask because you listed, according to socionics, all (or mostly) "gamma" artists, (ESFP belongs to gamma quadra).  Its almost uncanny, since I assume you don't know about quadras but you managed to create an almost perfectly consistent compilation of gamma artists.  INTJ is also gamma and I love all these bands you listed.  Maybe its just coincidencethey're both introverted perceiving functions which balance things around a introverted axis, its just what level of abstraction they're tending to admit as fuel in doing so.  both types are going to tend to try to quell anything they feel is out of balance, they just trend away from eachother in the material they focus on that they use towards that end.  most the time they'll operate similarly (outwardly) because common cause gives rise to disruptions in both areas

80% of the time they're gonna agree "something is up" in a given situation, although if they really got down to it they might disagree as to the "why" but their goals are united in structure on the basis of them both being introverted perceivers.  I think you were basically saying this, but I wanted to add my 2 centsas an extension of that idea, one's "tradition" could easily be liberal iconoclasm or whateverthese are just general Te principles directed at an unsophisticated notion of "tradition"

don't worry, almost every ISTJ has to grapple with this exact issue since Te is, in principle, opposed to that straw man of "tradition."  Turns out that phrasing has basically set up an inner contradiction in the minds of anyone who is actually an ISTJ--they really ought to do away with it (using "tradition" to characterize Si).  Tradition in the technical (personality typing) sense is the idea that they don't reframe issues in a radically Ni sort of way to solve problems, rather they rely on Si + Te (they're not looking to upend their entire world, just to solve some minute problem).  Of course if you don't fully understand Si then that definition is somewhat hopeless.  Si is the idea that they, as a matter of fixed strategy, adopt what they believe will work based on concrete empirical evidence (Si + Te), whereas Ni + Te tends to dissolve the problem by offering alternate interpretations of the issue itself.  In other words, Si looks to accumulated tangible evidence whereas Ni tends to be more psychological in how it tackles problems.  Obviously there's a lot of overlap (in how the two types handle most problems) because most problems don't need some kind of crazy Ni solution when a "traditional" one will work.

its probably the #1 thing I see preventing ISTJs from recognizing themselves as such

I see this in law, where ISTJs tend to apply precedent, citing arguments and cases where perfectly appropriate and useful solutions have worked in the past, in a relatively mechanistic fashion.  It is self evident to the ISTJ that this is a complete solution (remember, they have been demonstrated to work).  An INTJ is inclined to deconstruct why they worked and render a philosophical answer to the question rather than a purely pragmatic one.  In other words, the INTJ would naturally be inclined to go beyond the self evident logistical proof of solution to distill down a principle that *that*, in turn, they would find to be the self-evident *actual* solution.  If this entire thing is somewhat confusing, its probably because of my own poor writing, but also because, for those for whom that *going beyond* is not a natural inclination, it is not self evident that this world exists, and that this phenomenon is ongoing, or sense any need to go there, which is itself indicative of a sensing type

in other words, intuition wants to work on the level of underlying abstract theoretical mechanics which is what they perceive to be the real substance of Te, and it can be in many ways divorced from concrete facts (although based on facts in principle--ideas divorced from their factual context, but nonetheless validly derived from them, i.e.: abstractions).Yes, that's a good example of them reaching beyond into a kind of psychological solution over a concrete one (although it might lead to concrete implementation).  The distinguishing factor between the types would be when they consider the issue "settled."  Even if the INTJ observed the ISTJ replace the balloon they might ponder the issue for hours.  An INTJ might even go further and let the child cry it out, because they're thinking this is some kind of lesson they need to learn.  Now obviously this is just an example that is simple enough anyone could reason through accordingly (even an ESFJ might let them cry--it is no chestmaster 9000 strategy), but its illustrative of the broader conceptcognitive functions give rise to what people colloquially call values but that is not the same thing as Fi in the technical personality sense of the word.  Fi is subjective ethics, which gives rise to values, but the lense through which we express those values is based off of our ego (the dom/aux functins), hence our "values" manifest themselves differently based off different ego configurations, but they are not our values, just our expression of them. 

what you're really asking for is a total explanation of cognitive functions which is really beyond the scope of what someone can do here, but you're doing so on the basis of a perceived Ti flaw or inconsistency which militates heavily towards Ti being in your ego somewhere.  I actually think you're showing strong ENTP signs, because your example of "ENTJ really being an INFP who values..." is a very Ne style critical illustration of a Ti flaw in the system (as well as your own concerns of possibly detecting Fi in yourself--again very Ne style problem identification). 

your writing style does come off as INTJ though, and its possible all that Ti/Ne might just be from demonstrative/ignoring functions that tend to get expressed more heavily in certain environments where it is necessary to do so (in other words, its possible you framed the issue in terms of getting an answer from an xNTP, but don't natively and internally think in exactly that way, leading to a possible misinterpretation on my part)...

one way to identify between the two is through your PoLR, which for ENTP is Si and for INTJ is Fe.  Tell me, do you have more trouble regulating your sleep/eating or do you tend to find yourself pissing groups off more?  (entertaining insomniac vs grim individualist, who knows how to get 8 hours)&gt;hence our "values" manifest themselves differently based off different ego configurations, but they are not our values, just our expression of them.

values in the colloquial sense are things we infer in others based on their pursuits/actions, i.e. an ENTJ may value honesty so he always sets things up so its impossible or difficult for people to deceive him.  An INTJ may do the exact opposite because, according to the INTJ, the easiest way to tell if someone can be trusted is to give them the opportunity to lie.  In both cases they may have some Fi attachment to honesty or the truth, but outwardly people may interpret their actions as valuing different things: because the ENTJ is pursuing a Te/Ni interpretation of the value, whereas the INTJ is pursuing a Ni/Te interpretation.  This is kind of nuanced.  Maybe a bad example.

Lets take a ESFJ and an INTJ.  They both value the well being of humanity.  ESFJ just does that through emotional coddling whereas INTJ tries to order the world in some kind of long term equilibrated and equitable state.  Outwardly they value very different things, because of how their ego influences their methods, but in regards to Fi, they have very similar values (or not, but for this example lets assume they do).  the point is theres a distinction to be made between the surface definition of values in the everyday world, which is more or less the sum total of values+ego in the self, vs the technical term "Fi" which is subjective ethics, which is technically speaking the seat of individual values from the systemic Jungian perspective

&gt;I would say both lol.

well, all of this is no surprise since ENTPs and INTJs tend to end up in similar spaces, but only differentiated by the process they got there by.  I'd say at this point you just need to research cognitive functions and then decide for yourself on the basis of introspection

ENTPs have trouble because Ne runs amok, whereas INTJs are just full of self doubt because they're keenly aware of how easy it is to make a mistake, even if they're not running through every possible alternative, explicitly (which is what Ne gets fixated on).  again both are full of self doubt but in slightly different ways.  a Te solution is "these are the facts (my experience, X)--they determine what I believe--the system must contort to fit X in" vs Ti "X, if true, fits elegantly into the system--the fact must be X"  In other words, "x, y, z happened therefore I must be an INTJ" vs "according to the system, x, y and z hang together the best if I'm an ENTP"  its a data points vs logic thing.  Obviously there's huge overlap and possibly zero contradiction once you hit on the right answer, but what you find persuasive in event of seemingly conflicting information is going to be tellingoops, you're right, my mistake.  ENTPs have repressed Si but PoLR is different in that repressed functions are usually poorly developed, but they're valued, whereas PoLR is the kind of thing people don't feel like they even *ought* to pay attention to

So while ENTPs might take poor care of themselves, they still realize its important to do so however bad they are at it.  Whereas they care very little about the personal feelings of individuals under certain circumstances (namely, when they're being illogical), moreover they don't feel like they're wrong for being that way.

in other words, do you feel more strongly that individuals when confronted with valid logical criticism should not take it personally or do you feel that when speaking to a group its more important to convey objective information than it is to promote a fun mood?  INTJs tend to speak their mind regardless of how it might impact the collective mood, whereas ENTPs tend to promote a positive group mood in order that they might create a better atmosphere for making corrections.  ENTPs tend to not care if they offend others 1 on 1 while theyre being objective, seeing it as the other persons problem, not theirs; whereas 1 on 1 INTJs tend to relate/connect to others and then try to build a bridge on that basis with logic

yes technically they do care about the other person's feelings they just don't understand why they might be offended, because the ENTP doesn't value anything intrinsically, and therefore doesn't understand why the other person is offended--or taking a step further--thinks the other person should likewise not value anything intrinsically so therefore has no right to their offense--the sum total of which ends up being they don't care that the other person is offended, at least not enough to stop the criticism; well, up until a certain point, which is when they overdo it and Fe takes over then they start in with the conciliatory behavior

but yes I see exactly what you're saying and you're right

an example is when an ENTP is laying into someone and doesn't realize the other person is getting pissed, because the ENTP doesn't understand not everyone thinks like them (poor choice of words--the ENTP realizes exactly this--hence why he's laying into them to begin with--rather "doesn't understand everyone doesn't not-value things in the same way he does") until it becomes blindingly obvious and then the ENTP has to use Ne to try and figure out ways to make up for it

like you said, it might seem like they don't care about the other persons feelings--its more that they do, they just don't understand how they come about sometimes until its too late and then they've got to use Ne and Fe to fix things

I feel like this conversation is getting very meta, because I think ENTPs and INTJs are practically isomorphic (for one second I was like "I'm an ENTP!"--and for one second I was, because fully understanding oneself in that way *is* being an ENTP) its just their self concept differs precisely because they interpret themselves according to Ti or Te, which is exactly what this conversation has been--a kind of agreement but preference to word/think about it slightly differently (well that and I made some objective mistakes--but beyond that..!)  what a strange feeling

thank you!I think you have a good lead on yourself, you just need more objective information because your understanding of the model is incomplete.  Once you fully understand the model I'm confident you'll know where you fit in it, if for no other reason than your above approach, regardless of what order you go in, will derive the appropriate answer


as far as ethics v logic, you can think of ethics as being your deepest held values, the things from which on the basis you proceed.  I think you're getting hung up because you're thinking in terms of an exclusive either/or, whereas, in actuality, all ethical types use logic and all logical types have ethics underlying them.  Thus, yes, an ethical type can resolve to live their life as logically as possible, but what that looks like for them is different than a logical type who resolves to live their lives as ethically as possible.  They are modes of being that constitute human existence.  Our type is our preference for what we spend the most time in/what we (or the ego, at least) find persuasive.  

an ethical type who resolves to live their life logically is going to spend most their time asking themselves questions like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/isfp/comments/5pys54/why_would_an_isfp_not_want_to_hang_out_with_me/dcuyjtu/) but using logic in doing so.  That series of questions is "what its like" to think ethically.  Whereas a logical type who resolves to be ethical is going to ask singular monolithic questions and then deep dive into the systemic logical implications of every minute detail.  They will spend 80% of their time examining the logic of singular/few questions (the philosopher who rights an ethical treatise on a relatively narrow range of questions).  The ethical type will spend 80% of the time questioning themselves (examining themselves ethically), and use logic as a tool to keep themselves in line (the linked monologue).  This is a barebones phenomenological description of what its like to view ethics through the lens of logic or logic through the lens of ethics

great examples would be Spinoza v Kierkegaardgenerally speaking, when Fe is in the tertiary or inferior slots it usually manifests as Ti being used to further Fe values in a broader context.  I.E. creating systems of knowledge that ultimately promote or facilitate interpersonal harmony in one way or the other


so, as individuals, they may live out their lives mostly in Ti mode, suppressing feeling, but from the bigger picture you can see their goals, lifestyle, values etc being very Fe based
in short their solution is essentially that everyone should adopt Fe ethics, without taking into account that "everyone adopting x" is basically always a solution and always impossible.  Everyone could adopt Tx just as well, etc.  Its basically the most self assured one dimensional pie in the sky pseudo solution--its amazing more people don't see through it.  Its just another ideology on the level of "if we were all communists/capitalists/whatever" the system would work!  Its also funny because its such a short leap to violently enforcing that ideal under some kind of utopian vision--its no wonder the Germans/Soviets did all the heinous shit they did

"if we just crushed all individuality (dissent) everything would be perfect!"--do they really not see a problem with this?  You can't just shortcut to heaven--get it in the next life guys.  This life, this world, is all about limited resources and the skills/morals to manage them effectively.  And no eradicating the other is not a solution although it does have a nice brutal Te flair to itthis is the least INTJ post I've ever seen

edit: look at Fe come to the rescue of this fool, its like they recognize one of their ownyou come off as Fi because you're overestimating your proficiency with logic while at the same time demonstrating very little of it.  I see a lot of Te reasoning *in form*, but not backed up with any real rigor.  To me this says Te as tertiary or inferior function which means concomitant dom/aux Fi

the Ne thing is kind of laughable, because there are all sorts of alternative explanations for your Te postulates, but you seem locked in on certain unjustified conclusions, which is probably Ne PoLR--I'm guessing you're ISFP.  You're displaying a conspicuous *lack* of Ne *not* Ne proper, its like negative Ne (by omission)--what it really is is probably Dunning-Kruger (tert) Ni

I'll leave it to the ENTPs if they want to break down every sentence, but I'm sure they could have a field day with it were they so inclined (if you want hardcore, real, Ne and Ti)interesting you bring up Descartes, because he moves onto what you would describe as the IxTJ position, from the IxFJ position, in that he says that there is at least one indubitable (self evidently real) thing: the thinker, the "I" that doubts, which basically gives rise to the idea that one's own moral compass and goals are basically the only thing we can be assured of.  Although at its core, I think he was making a defense of extroverted judgements in general, on the basis of Ti necessity; which is why it is that if Te goes Fe goes and vice versa, which I think was perhaps the deeper point (not Te or Fe over the other, but rather a generalized justification for the objective world itself).  If anything he probably stood for Se PoLR most strongly, because implicit in his "radical doubt" is a rejection that the external world is self evident--rather he had to reach it through abstraction.  Very INTP and Ti&gt;Sewhile you're thinking you're not feeling, hence at any given moment you might express sentiments according to the Fi and Fe PoLR's.  That is just a transient manifestation of repressed Fe.  

PoLR is more in that it is an attitude that goes beyond the moment.  Its a kind of an implicit meta judgement you make as an emergent (negative) characteristic of your composite (valued) functions (i.e.:personality).  In other words, its the function you don't value and don't think you *should*.  While thinking you may think "feelings shouldn't enter into this"--but if they did, and you hurt someone's feelings, you might feel bad, or even re assess your thinking because that unforeseen consequence could even point to a logical mistake.  

Se PoLR in the form of thinking (the one given has a distinct INFP flair) is more like my comment on Descartes above, where it manifests as an deeply held assumption that the mental world precedes the physical world

Im already anticipating physicalist INTPs coming in here and being like "but the physical world *is* the basis for all mental processes!"--yes (according to you, anyway), but I think upon self examination you'll realize you admit that conclusion only after a mental process.  In principle, it might not have to be that way--one had to settle the mental question first.  If you have a materialist outlook its simply because you settled it *that way*--but you did not *assume* as a matter of ontology that it was self evident (if you did, it points to ISTP)

anyway, OPs descriptions are not the best, but the point is well taken in that the negative aspects of our personality hold those who do value them accountable for justifying them, because every personality and their PoLR shows a workable method and a workable omission hence nothing is taken for granted... a kind of competitive struggle for survival follows which has distinct benefits for the species, if not always the individuals comprising it.  in this way, everything is called into question by *someone* and thus everything is subject to the refiner's fire

for my part, Fe PoLR is the idea that Fe is essentially a mass delusion that, on balance, causes more harm than it cures, and thus should rightly be discarded as a judging criteria--the idea is that with sufficiently advanced Ni/Te/Fi you can do Fe better than Fe can--which is how I can sound like a total antisocial nutcase, but I'm actually one of the most pro-social people around.. the flip side of this is that Fe basically emulates Ni/Te/Fi in a lot of ways such that people that basically can't do much of that can get 80% effectiveness by just using Fe.  Its like a social fail safe for idiots who couldn't be trusted to come to their own conclusions so they have morality thrust upon them by instinct in the form of Fe--the upshot being they can focus their resources on other things

a good example of this oppositional dynamic in regards to Te PoLR would be something like [Jesus feeds the 5000](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+14:13-21) (the idea being Xi/Fe/Ti takes care of itself--does not need Te), whereas Fe PoLR on full display is Nietzsche's *The Anti-Christ*; this stuff definitely plays out rather explicitly which is an amazing testament to personality theory and socionics (in this regard)acting in the environment presupposes the environment exists, so while you're not wrong about how socionics defines it that way, it is also not strictly limited to that.  what I'm working with are the necessary implications not necessarily the strict definitions

in short, yes, it is volition, but it also includes more than that.  its volitional aspects are just whats talked about more and is generally more demonstrable, especially in average people, than the more intuitive implications of what it must entail--but once you get to INTPs and Descartes it comes out

note: I'm not saying INxPs don't have a problem with volition, too, just that PoLR Se is manifold in its manifestations depending on level of anaylsis.  volition tends to be focused on behavior not the underlying ontology &gt; meanwhile makes a bunch of exaggerated conclusions about strangers

why even bother venturing the topic if this is going to be your response?  It, without exaggeration, if taken as authoritative, silences any possible alternatives to your narrative and you could have said literally anything and backed it up with that "logic."

the point is here not to attack you, but point out exactly how you demonstrate lack of logic--the idea is here is that some "explanations" explain *everything* i.e.: too much.  This is a problem, in that reasoning of that kind is useless because something that can explain everything could explain anything and thus has no real application except as a way to justify unfounded assumptions (its only specifically useful domain).   Arguments and explanations, in principle, need to have the ability to, in some way shape or form, be falsified in order to have any kind of logical force

I feel like unhealthy ISFPs exhibit this rather conspicuously, where they get so locked into their own perspective they don't see how solipsistic they're being.  INTJs do it too, so I'm not above it (we share the functions), just ISFPs emphasis on Fi over Te makes them less prone to objectively assess themselves.  the actual solution to this for ISFPs is Se--collect more information and experienceFi users do it to themselves.  Everyone knows they're highly intelligent and capable of impressive displays of logical aptitude (Kierkegaard is probably the greatest philosophical genius of all time, in my opinion).  The problem is when specific ones choose not to.  There is no conspiracy in play, only people who don't want to take responsibility for themselves.well saidmy whole point is that its not being applied to the whole population--an assumption you're doubling down onthen it should be easy to provide examplesGod, that clip is so spot on.  Reminds me so much of the SEE currently tormenting me I feel like this topic and *moral effort* are intertwined such that you're going to get so many responses based on people's implicit attitudes towards their own degree of culpability for their personal development.  For some people the entire function of MBTI is exactly this:

&gt;trying to inflate your quirks into a relatable identity for some false sense of community based on similar neuroses

For others it goes deeper, etc.  There are many possible viewpoints on this topic.  For what its worth I agree with you almost entirely, but I think the convincingness of your point can't be reduced to logic but depends almost entirely on the subjective state of the reader...

Thus don't be expected to be welcomed with open arms.  But at least one person (me) is on-board with what you're saying

I think, in the end, MBTI is a ladder you throw away when you reach the top.  It is pure Maya in a lot of ways, but its coming to understand *that it is* and *how it is* that is so incredibly valuable

People are all at different stages, then; and inasmuch as it *is* a ladder, regardless of what rung they're on, there's something to be said for all that.  I think in that way MBTI has been a great thing for humanityI agree with what you're saying in part but I think we should be more charitable towards Jung in the sense that he was pioneering the concepts we take for granted, being on this side of their formulation, in a radical way.  Yes, he reads like straight Ni, which can be inscrutable but I happen to think that *it had to be that way* before it could progress into more.  I think he is, without a doubt, the greater genius, although Augusta had a much better overall product

I also think calling it a matter of "vogue" is contentious.  To me, we have lost, not gained, something that writing has shifted away from his style, because it discourages, even denigrates, Ni style description (for lack of clarity, etc) but I think that is exactly why contemporary academia feels so stagnant and scholastic in a bad way.  Yes, this is subjective, so maybe vogue is the right word after all--but, for my part, I think we'd all be better off if we were better adjusted to digesting more unfiltered intuition rather than relying on thinking to do all the heavy lifting for us.I can't take credit; I owe it to Wittgenstein [(Tractatus 6.54)](http://www.kfs.org/jonathan/witt/t654en.html).I think as Ni ideas percolate down into the culture they suddenly become "clearer" without actually having changed at all [1], but rather people's ability to digest them has been enhanced through peripheral cultural signs that, like neon lights, serve to illuminate what was once a dark spot...  A good example is Jordan Peterson: if you read *Maps of Meaning* it comes off as very Ni heavy, and one of the biggest criticisms I see of it, especially from Ti egos, is how "unclear" it is.  Yet, from my point of view, Peterson is incredibly well versed in Ti modes of expression (he makes heavy use of explicit sufficient/necessary conditions, etc).  I don't think it is actual "clarity" at all, because to me, such a thing is radically subjective, when you get down to it.  What it is, is culturally out of step with the current and prevailing modes of Ti structural thought *prior* to whatever revelatory Ni insight is at hand...  In that sense I don't think Jung was unclear as a matter of style at all, rather he was just simply not a complete and tidy package, but we, as beneficiaries, of Augusta's work now read back into his "incompleteness" a lack of clarity, when it is in fact extremely "clear"--it is rather clearly incomplete, and Ti has a very hard time with jagged edges, etc...

I guess what I take issue with is "clarity" as objection is really just another way of saying, like a baby bird, "I can't eat this until someone else has digested it for me."  Jung even comments on exactly this in his *Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious* when he talks about this over reliance on pre-digestion (Ti transmission) has ultimately robbed people of meaning in the form of actual intuition because they've been told what things mean so much they no longer feel the need to experience the affective content of the idea, rather they reduce everything to Ti, making it stale (everyone knows what the Bible "means" and yet no one seems to at all anymore).  Whereas intuition is a holistic perception which encompasses both [2].  "Clarity" in that sense is a degradation of the "idea" hence there is a kind of irony in this contemporary longing for "clarity".

Getting back to Peterson: the more his ideas, like Jung's, or any other forerunner, start to penetrate academia and popular thought, the more I see them becoming "clear" in hindsight, as others have started to, by triangulation (author, us, and third party), help sharpen up our image of him (via their own Ti products, based on the original intuitions, which then serve to help delimit them).   

I will say this though, I've studied philosophy for over a decade now and you get to the point after reading so many older texts that English is no longer an impediment, whether contemporary or archaic, because once you get sufficiently well versed in it, Ni has a way of appropriating its historical development in a way that actually enhances clarity rather than works against it, but it is a long process of study.  I think speaking plainly and effectively is always good (see: Bryan Garner) but I feel like as time passes this is an unavoidable difficulty that is more of an onus on the reader to overcome than a justifiable expectation to place on an author (to transcend the linguistic conventions of their time, which is clearly impossible--especially with such a strong demand to be as "in step" as possible with the present moment lest you be criticized for lack of clarity--oh irony).

**edit**: upon reflection, I do think I'm equivocating between "written clarity" and clarity as "idea-understanding."  I think as intuitions become easier to understand by having light thrown on them by multiple Ti sources the tendency is to blame any initial confusion on lack of "written clarity" (Jung).  In the alternative, intuitions that are still running ahead are considered unclear as "hard to understand" which is a function not of "written clarity" but rather a symptom of them not being sufficiently codified into more easily digested Ti forms (Peterson).  Either way, my point is that neither is unclear as some kind of objective criticism rather they are labeled as such as an emergent process of how most people rely entirely on Ti to appropriate new concepts and attribute lack of Ti codification to some kind of conceptual inferiority or authorial failure when neither is usually the case.  Rather people lack the proper work ethic or imagination.  Which sounds mean, but it usually comes in the context of someone criticizing an author whose work and imagination, in comparison to the critic, is monumental and a staggering work of genius--so I feel like criticisms of "clarity" have this distinct flavor of lazy entitlement to them.  Jung said something like "no one can appropriate an idea unless something within "goes out to meet" whatever is presented."  Thus the measure of one's own genius is in some ways measured by the ability to recognize and understand it in others.  Nietzsche likewise was in favor of "earning one's ideas" and not wanting to be understood by some (a kind of anti Ti position).  Kierkegaard also famously championed "indirect communication."  That, today, institutions denigrate all that I feel is a negative reflection on them, not the object of their commentary.  I guess that's all I was trying to express, now that I've written a book about it.

[1] at least not in a good way, see my comments in paragraph 2 on Ti degradation

[2] by this I mean both the thinking and affective content inherent to a "live" proposition

I think it really comes down to the difficulty of the subject matter. For Kant to accomplish what he set out to accomplish on the topics that he did, there is a real irreducible difficulty.  Also, I'm not saying Ti is easy necessarily.  Kant's philosophy originates in Ne (the transcendental deduction, essentially) and that is the true source of its difficulty, but the Ti codification of it is brilliant *because of how there is no loss in fidelity* in the codification, but retains within it its sophistication and thus its concomitant difficulty.  He's literally a triumph of lossless Ti translation and what *that* looks like is inscrutable difficulty, because its faithful to, not reductive of, the intuitions (which is exactly what I'd call Peterson, and why he's also criticized as being unclear).  They (Kant's) happen to be pretty dry intuitions most the time, unlike myths and other cultural symbols, but still."like" is a question of values.  This question presupposes that I like intelligence to begin with.  I am value-neutral towards intelligence: I "like" (or dislike) the aims intelligence is directed at.  I "respect" intelligence inasmuch as it is a form of power itself (the power to do whatever you do, mentally, faster than a less intelligent person).  "Only" implies exclusion.  I like and respect lots of things besides intelligence"aggressive grandma" lol--perfect!  thank you for thatJustice would be to impose consequences for a perceived bad act (exactly what those would be would be tied to various subjective theories of justice--retributive, rehabilitative, preventative, etc).  Mercy would be to mitigate or eliminate entirely the aforementioned consequences (or to allow purely natural consequences to suffice--to preclude any additional man made consequence).

In general, mercy *is* justice for those that value it higher.  So the question becomes something of an absurdity as TK442 pointed out, because the merciful person thinks they're imposing *exactly* the right amount of reactive force as the "justice" person does--they merely disagree on what that objectively looks like.  

For those that value "justice higher than mercy" it is more a linguistic slippage where they equate justice with their subjective notion of appropriate punishment and thus have defined mercy in contrast to that as something less than the fully deserved measure.  The "justice higher than mercy" group therefore ranks mercy below justice, as something somehow insufficient relative to a unstated floating ideal.

Because the concepts are so intertwined and relative to one another, the question is framed in a hopelessly indefinite way to ever get a solid answer--rather the best we could do is frame the issue within a concrete context and then ask people what they think the appropriate reaction to any bad acts might be.  "Justice v Mercy" as a pure concept is so subjectively and logically floaty as to be almost a meaningless verbal construction (you can pose the question syntactically, but as to what it actually means never seems to hit bottom).  As I said, it would require comprehensive grounding in specifics to take on workable significance.

Perhaps a way to get at the general thrust of the issue would be something like "do you think it is helpful to add to the natural consequences of a bad act in order to best effect good in the world, or do you prefer to let natural consequences suffice as the best remedy, or go so far as to prefer actively mitigating said consequences as a way to promote your personal vision of goodness?"  As for me, I personally think man has shown himself capable of improving upon nature...

Nietzsche would probably say something like people with a natural distaste for getting their hands dirty would elevate "mercy" (in this context) to the level of a virtue because it makes a lion out of a lamb, so to speak.  Meanwhile brutality is often called "justice" for the same reason except this time it is the rubber stamp on cruelty and domination. Ni is like the most solipsistic function, so unless two Ni users can bond over that (their "otherness"), its very much useless when bringing people together.  Fe is the flocking functionI see where you're coming from, but its more of a Ti nitpick (perceiving functions don't judge--solipsism is a form of judgement).  But from Te's point of view, Ni functions to facilitate more eccentric worldviews and as such, while not judging itself, tends to amplify judging functions that do, by providing ample source material to allow it to go that route.  Something like Si would provide a broader base over how to relate precisely because it is subjective, but grounded in the organism in a bodily way.   In other words, Si may relate everything to oneself, and in doing so seems like it would therefore be more solipsistic, but when you realize humans share common evolutionary traits, *underlying* that subjective form of judgement is a shared common ancestry which functions as an inter subjective bridge between people when referencing their own Si [1] (thus being anti-solipsistic).  Ni is so floaty and ethereal it greatly facilitates individual detachment and abstraction from one another.  

Yes, for the proofreaders, this technically ends up at the feet of Ti or Fi, but it starts with Ni (in the case of Ni dominants, at least).  Anyway, I don't think we disagree, I think Te and Ti just prefer differing constructions to describe the same thing


[1] in other words, Si can say "X gives me Y impression" and another person likely *knows what that means*, whereas with Ni you might as well be speaking another language half the time
I'm onboard with all that and definitely think something like that is probably the caseit goes to the relativity of the concepts: one to another, and the dichotomy itself, arising out of the individual for reasons that are neither objective and, also, therefore questionably "moral" despite the entire discussion presuming itself to be exactly that.  I think the idea is if you can see it in that light you're actually in the best position to answer the question in an honest waysame, my workplace/family/community is totally dominated by feelingI feel like I could be confused for INFP by outward observers so I don't think its that weird, contrary to what some people are saying here.  I think it goes to them both being intuitive and Fi driven.  Creative Ne and dominant Ni could be hard to tell apart, since neither have the obvious zaniness that goes with dominant Ne.  And introversion and quietness in general get associated with dom Ni, in many cases.  Further, Fi comes across as judgey which both exhibit.  I think the main way to tell them apart is Se v Si.  The INTJ would like to "make shit happen" on some level, whereas INFPs are much more interested in pure moral victories, INFPs feel like if people are really acting in accordance with conscience (themselves included) they really shouldn't necessarily be forced to "change the world" so to speak.  Both types like nice stuff, but INFPs are more likely to use their ethical understanding to create a positive environment (on their own terms of course, not what Fe looks like--more like comfy Si vibes).  Think of INFPs as ethical enforcers of peace (Fi + Ne + Si) versus INTJs as *applied* theorists (Ni + Te + Se).ironically, your conceptual issues with Se are probably linked to your own Se PoLR which is accounted for by socionics quite nicely

Se is just sensitive to who's got what power potential in the here and now.  this sensitivity (in dominant and aux users) naturally translates into certain enhanced tactical ability to "impose control" because they tend to know exactly what they can get away with, and how much, (and what specific form it takes is going to be based on their judging functions-- Fi v Fe v Te, etc).  they trend towards imposing their will, because will (along with other Se stuff) is how they perceive the world, hence combined with their values, they tend to be proactive in asserting their judgements because they easily see *how* to do so.  its the kind of thing that if you saw opportunities everywhere you'd probably come off as "imposing/controlling" in the same way to people who didn't see the same opportunities but saw someone making lots of moves would label such an active person

Se types probably think of themselves as quite restrained, in light of all the things they see they probably could be doing (and as they age they probably throttle back because they realize the value of not immediately going after every perceived opportunity, etc)...  In other words, Se is not the will to control, rather heightened exercise of control is a byproduct of the ability to see exactly in vivid detail the power dynamics in the present.  However, when Se is *valued* (by any type) the goal is to see your judgements *manifest* in terms of actual power potential i.e.: in Se terms.  Which means that Se valuing types will, in some sense, want to see an actual manifestation of their judgements in the world in terms of something "forceful"--to them that is "real."  Its the idea that until something achieves Se manifestation it is still "in theory" or incomplete, or "unreal."  INTPs *don't* think like this.  Which is why theory is more valuable than application to them.  For Se types application is the true test of something's validity.

think of Se in a dichotomy with Ni and Se helps to pare down "intuitional (conceptual) possibilities"--Ni wants to unite things into a holistic conceptual oneness, but something has to be the acid test to burn away all the false possibilities.  Se is one primary criterion for doing that.  If Ni dom tries to work on theory first then testing, Se dom proceeds by trial and error, and what survives forms the theory.  they're both essentially engaged in a united project, they just proceed from different ends.  Ni/Se is very much about the will to powerI was just speaking from the first person point of view and values, hence "in theory" becomes a (pejorative) subjective value statement not a literal category.   imagine an INTJ condescendingly dismiss something as being "in theory" because it hasn't been rigorously demonstrated to work despite whatever brilliant systemic role it may play in explaining phenomena... something like higgs boson or something.  Anyway your point is well taken, I don't think we disagree on anything rather I was going in and out of Ti and Fi mode and it wasn't clear how exactly how I was using language in that context

Se is a "value" in the truest sense of the word to INTJs in a way that can create real misunderstandings between INTJs and INTPs, especially because Fi is likewise a value at odds between the two and so this kind of misunderstanding is typical but a lightweight example of how communication difficulties crop up on the basis of using the same language to represent differing perceptions and values which creates a kind of two way ambiguity between the types, even though they're largely aiming at the same "thinking" content, albeit also from two different directions

a great example of convincing INTJ thinking that would likely fall flat to INTPs, or at least need to be highly qualified in order for them to get onboard would be how Ni+Fi is not just the basis for a loop and subsequent bad behavior but also for some very novel ontological starting points from which to base a philosophy on.  the best one I can think of is using radical freedom as the starting point in, for example, sartre's existential philosophy.  theres no thinking content that can really ground such a philosophy as a first principle (sorry INTJ assumption here), but there is an undeniable subjective Fi conviction that can power an intuition and give flight to an entire system of thinking (although "system" is a contentious way to put it, perhaps "body of thought" or simply "philosophy" would be better).  In the same way someone like descartes starts with subjective logic, what distinguishes INTJ philosophy from INTP philosophy is almost precisely down to this dynamic: Fi v Ti as a foundation.  Further most Fi/Te philosophy almost always has implicit in it some kind of "call to action"--"the point is not to only merely interpret the world but to change it" etc...

although I think this comes down to quadra, with alpha and delta having the more static deterministic philosophies and beta and gamma having the calls to action--so it would probably be more accurate to say the latter are products of extroverted judgements and Se, whereas the former, especially alpha is very characteristic of Ti and Si.  delta philosophies are interesting because I feel someone like Kierkegaard fits into that and it has a Te Fi flair but also a very inward Si kind of feel, where he rejects institutions and changing the world in favor of fixing oneself (or more accurately--fix oneself and the rest follows--improving the world is a synergistic byproduct of that inward focus, not the goal itself to be directly aimed at), so it is a call to action, so to speak, but directed at one's inward self not toward the outer world.  anyway this is getting way off topic...that is something I have personally pondered because I think IxFP and INTJ are closer than they might seem because, for me anyway, its hard to tell the difference between role and demonstrative Ti

it also goes to, until you made your Ti observations, I don't usually consciously track my Fi convictions versus Te statements versus Ti integrity checking etc as well as I might think.  Frequently I will make an Fi statement, formulate it in language, and not realize its not actually a Ti statement or even a Te statement, rather it is a kind of linguistically formulated Fi value, given shape, then plugged into a Te model and pushed out in the best Ti rendition I can muster (assuming I'm trying to communicate to a Ti type)... which is a funny realization and it makes me marvel at how similar Ti and Fi probably feel to each type inasmuch as they fill a similar role, and also how slippery Fi is in terms of catching it and not mistaking it for either Ni or thinking in general

perhaps it is simply because if you dig deep enough there is a circular relationship between Ni Te and Fe in the INTJ where they each feed into and off of eachother and its that overall dynamic that seems manifest as the whole personality.  its funny how tertiary fi might feel like dominant fi when you realize its subtly at bottom of everything.  if you bring it to the top and don't just let it sit in the background it starts to feel like dominant fi because you realize how "dominant" it is in the role it plays dictating first principles upon which everything else reliesit probably goes to your conception of "physicality"is anyone saying duals guarantee an ideal relationship?  all I think its saying is it allows for the possibility, for exactly the reasons you give

further, a lot of the duality concept goes not just to communication but the interaction between dominant and suggestive functions; the idea is something like only your dual (honorable mention to semi dual) has the natural inclination, and resultant energy, to stimulate you in exactly the way that is most productive *without having to "work" at it*--it occurs naturally in the course of each person being themselves.  Thus that work can go to other projects rather than sustaining the relationship, allowing each person to maximize their human potential without "wasting their effort" compared to someone who actually likes doing that "work".

obviously people make the call every day to invest the extra effort in a non dual partner because they value them for other reasons, but duality is basically defined as being more efficient when it comes not only to communication but to personal growth itself

whether or not duals are *the only* potential hard and fast "ideal" partners is directly proportional to what extent you believe, and how much value you put on, what it contributes to personal growth and the whole energy efficiency concept

there's probably a good argument for commensurate or greater growth opportunity from being in a non dual relationship, just because that forces us to "get along" more, which is a general unavoidable life lesson one must learn in interacting with the world.  I guess the question is do you want to be fighting that battle with your SO or will having other relationships provide sufficient basis to cover that area?  Then again you could get your duality fix elsewhere as well.  I imagine people that grew up with parents as duals probably stand more to gain from non dual relations relative to someone who hasn't dualized.  likewise people who were surrounded mostly by conflicting types likely stand to gain a great deal of healing from a dual relationshipI feel like if anyone writes off an entire group of people based on *that* they've got bigger problems (and were going to find a reason to do so anyway); I will say I hate beta values--however! there are good beta individuals, which I think is a general stance anyone can (and should) have in regards to any abstract categorization of human beings (who are all, ultimately, individuals and deserve to be *respected* as such)... if that is lacking, any "system" is just furnishing the occasion for their bigotry, but not really causing itTi doms have a compulsive need to seek clarity in language--they don't like it when something doesn't "add up" based on the literal function of the words constituting an expression or idea.  Based on your post, you're not doing that at all, and simply equate "overthinking" with (possible) Ti dominance.  But Fi is just as much susceptible to "overthinking" because it doesn't mean "thinking" in the technical sense of cognitive functions, rather when people colloquially (as you do here) use "overthinking" they mean "my mind is running (excessively--to a counter productive degree)"; the mind can "run" or work in various ways, that when done to excess consists in rumination, but rumination can just as easily be a product of excessive feeling, or even sensing or intuition.  In other words, the functions (any really) give substance to whatever particular brand of "overthinking" you're doing--it is not literal "thinking" in the technical senseall that matters (assuming you agree with these basic facts) is that you're Fi dominant *and* (thus aux) intuitive.  There's really only one outcome, if you accept that: INFP.  The rest can be chalked up to ambiguities in test wording and results.  The only way I'd question INFP is if you thought you either 1) weren't Fi dominant or 2) weren't intuitive.  The rest more or less has to give way to those concerns I feel like forgetting to eat is more of an Ne dom thing.  Ni will remember to eat, even overeat, but its precisely this lack of sophistication, but not total neglect, that characterizes Si v Ni (dominance)yeah I can definitely get so absorbed in something that I will neglect eating, but its mostly conscious and I usually make up for it by overeating later... whereas I feel like Ne just never gets around to it sometimesliterally everyone forgets to eat every once in a whileI've noticed when using marijuana it feels like time slows down and suddenly all those sensory details that seem like they would be so time consuming to notice and account for, like the way its described as so *quick* above, actually start to make sense and I don't feel rushed to take it all in--rather I'm taking it all in so quickly I feel rushed to *do something*.  Its actually kind of painful because I start to perceive every little detail from the environment and its kind of sensory overload and everything feels like its moving so slow and I need to do something because its like the whole world is stuck in mud.  I get the feeling this is how Se doms experience the world, except they have way more experience so they have developed far more sophisticated ways of dealing with it... but its really interesting to get a glimpse into what that must be like because it really helps to explain why they're so active, its almost like they actually had tons of time to consider what they're doing, not that they're acting on impulse.  Its like they're the real life version of quicksilver the marvel character.  I get that distinct impression while high and its kind of unpleasant because I prefer not to feel like I could be doing 1 of 10 million things at any given moment, but I do think that unpleasantness is probably mostly a consequence of not being used to it--its like being a 1 day old Se user--super overwhelming.

I think in general marijuana messes with our perceiving functions and I'd be interested to hear how Si/Ne users experience it... I know for me it has an insane Ni/Se feel to it

I have a feeling the people who get "super lazy" or crazy munchies are intuitives, whereas those that get super creative or mentally stimulated are sensors, and its manipulating where they stand on the perceptual axis, refocusing them on their lesser used perceiving functions, etc

I know when I eat while high its not so much "im super hungry" (si) its this "tastes so freaking good" (se) etcexactly--if I get caught up in reading the internet or something and I have a bag of chips I might go through the whole thing

its more like we error on either side of the equation, but Ne suppresses Si, whereas Ni doesn't--Ni doms just aren't great (focused on/attentive to) at Si in general, but they're not in an actual dichotomy where one represses the other as in Ne/Si

so while we might forget to eat, inasmuch as any other type does, we don't actually live in the zone that actively suppresses eating--that is Nemaybe we could put some in cold storage in case of apocalypse :)

there's also the irony of trump speeding us towards the scenario in question

but I don't disagree with youI would just add the the Si/Ni lines are subjective, hence "subjective permanent realities" and "subjective permanent possibilities" might add greater clarity, for those trying to get their head around it.  Its not that they're grounded in actual permanence, but from their point of view it is inasmuch as such a thing can be achieved; i.e.: the important thing is they perceive these things to be such with the utmost conviction, but are sometimes nevertheless wrong (that and its rooted in a continuum encompassing past-to-present).  This explains a lot of Si/Ni behavior/perspectives.  

Ne and Se are, however, actual objective functions [1], so while "objective possibilities" is somewhat contradictory it is nevertheless true, inasmuch as anything is possible.  And the same goes for Se.  Inasmuch as something appears to be real it is real from a phenomenological standpoint.  None of this is to say that the extroverted functions are never mistaken, but rather they are oriented towards the world from an objective standpoint, whereas the introverted functions primarily revolve around the subjective inner states of the individual and aren't, properly speaking, grounded in the outer world.

[1] Objective not in the sense of, impartial and therefore always unbiased and therefore correct; rather: grounded in "the object" i.e.: the world, not the subject (the individual).&gt; parasites

parasitical is exactly how I would describe people who I perceive to get by on social manipulation.  Its not that I don't see that orienting oneself around positive emotion adds nothing--but its the *exclusive* pursuit, and lionization of that approach (placement at the *top* of the moral hierarchy), that ultimately creates hellish outcomes--where we all go off a cliff together, etc.  I feel like inasmuch as feeling types are adding real value they are not parasitical, but I also feel like there's a twisted urge to dominate others via the feeling function: by establishing values that set feeling at the top and then create masters out of those that manipulate these dynamics.  The irony to this hierarchy is precisely in its counter productive nature.  Its the irony of submitting to leaders that are bad for us.  Its the anti-meritocracy.  Its this kind of absurdity that I think INTJs perceive clearly, and to [INTJs] the greatest manifestation of love is to produce value--so they actively resist those that leech value or systemically promote ideals that decrease quality for everyone, from the highest levels down...  In retaliation these same tools and methods of the "parasites" are turned against them (NTs) which is to marshal social forces against the perceived "enemy" (i.e.: a threat to the supposed "masters") and get the unreasoning mob to shout them down (notice every debate involving these kinds of people always turns personal at some point, because it fundamentally is and always has been *against the person*). 

In this way, a certain tragedy is played out where those that truly care are ostracized and their values extinguished to the detriment of all, whereas cheap power mongers elevate themselves to literal God-like status (the pope, anyone?--but any moral or religious leader--even in small groups there is always a ringleader--an aspiring Pope) while riding society all the way to the bottom, etc etc

None of this is to say that the above, antithetical-to-INTJ approach is totally useless.  It is absolutely essential for survival when all possibility of objective positive outcomes are extinguished.  Hence these Popes are *survivors*--their morality is often the soul of soulless conditions (think mother Teresa).  This is why in more affluent societies they're attracted to the "losers" and vice-versa, because together they provide sustenance for eachother (and make no mistake the Pope is always receiving as much as they give--there is always a tithe--and not just a material one--to give is truly to receive for both parties).  When society is at its most dilapidated these leaders rise to channel the energy necessary in humanity to get by.  It is beautiful, or would be, if it weren't almost always so self-inflicted.  The problem is when these types get their tendrils in people and societies with real potential and suck it out of them by creating excess comfort where there should be none--this is decadence--this is the party that ends in disaster--its the Fe type that lulls you into security until one day you wake up and all your dreams passed you by.  When INTJs speak against this it is out of love to see people succeed and not simply preemptively content themselves with failure [1].

From the INTJ perspective, though, it doesn't matter--if you get sucked into this, *you were never worthy*; which is why they have so few friends, *of their own choosing*.  From this perspective, Fe is destructive and purifying in its own special way--it culls the spiritually weak in times of opportunity.  Hence I have real respect for it.  I get that all this is pretentious or whatever, but it is in some sense my deep seated perception of the world.  

In the end, the idea that "you possess ideas" is actually backwards and the moral hierarchy with feeling at the top is an *"idea that possesses you"* and it leads to people playing these roles (such as) purifier of the weak etc (even as they "love" them *to death*) [2], all unconsciously, unknowingly, but towards some radical purpose, I believe.  It is, in a word, the collective unconscious driving humanity in an evolutionary fashion towards some ultimate end.  What is going on here are just the archetypes squabbling amongst themselves while they play out, in lockstep, their pre ordained drama in accordance with the God given structures of their mind

[1] Jung would actually describe this dynamic as being a manifestation of feminine chaos, where the great mother lulls you into destruction in rather succubus like fashion via your anima impulse to content yourself in her arms rather than reckon with the harsh realities of the world--in *Aion* he goes into detail--I highly suggest this to anyone interested

[2] it is also this "double-movement" that makes INFJ and ENFJs (beta quadra in general) so hard to pin down.  Because on one hand their "morality" is life-affirming when aimed at the weak and powerless, but corruption and death to the strong.  So they can always make a case for the "goodness of their cause"--the self evident nobility of Fe, etc-- but only derived from those cases when it is them suffering along with the masses in dilapidated conditions.  So ask yourself when dealing with these types: "what are they aimed at presently?"  if it is not a sad case then they are not as noble and life giving as they make themselves out to be (and objectively sad cases are hard, nearly impossible, to find in the first world).  You can never accuse them of being immoral though, because those kind of metaphysics they are the undisputed masters of.  But you can see how they want to play on the morality of their position in one situation but *that exact* situation is *not* the one at hand in the present--this is how they go wrong, and grab power under circumstances that are dangerous and counter productive--all on the basis of a clever moral *sleight of hand*--I see so many people become thralls of these types in exactly this way, and it never ends well... (current American politics being the most depressingly obvious example)

...

So yeah, If I seem frustrated sometimes--you just gotta bear with me, pleaseyes, from the point of view of the system, they have an objective structure

but their contents are always subjectively populated

to label them as suggested would provide that kind of "structural objectivity" and point to the fact that they are in fact subjectively populatedpeople don't stand to lose anything, rather they stand to gain inasmuch as they lose a false notion.  even if the chance is low someone hits the mark, the spirit they offer it in is a positive one.  I don't see why it has to be a negative thing that must be squelched.  I can think of only one possibility where it would be perceived as such: which is someone hits the mark and someone's type *is* wrong, but they attach a disproportionate amount of worth to identifying with their false notion over the truth, hence the correction causes them pain.  others who likewise value pleasant fictions over the truth then try to enforce non intervention because they somehow think this is best, but I don't see any wisdom *in that.* it is literally the ethic of falsehood over truth 

antagonizing people for its own sake is always wrong--but it does not mean the antagonism is necessarily false.  unsolicited answers are usually the most important answers, meaningful correction would rarely or never happen if everyone simply waited for people to ask.  sometimes you have to step in--if you do it in the spirit of truth and helping people I see no reason to silence that, yes it may hurt, but all hurt is not bad, some of it is necessary to grow... you might even say the entire point of mbti is to step outside your own perspective in order to grow, so there is a real counter productive element to trampling the intellectual integrity of the theory in order to reduce it down to some kind of vapid badge of honor discussion which is what many mbti forums have been reduced to

I feel like if you want to discuss xNFJ superpowers and anime there are already places you can do that"that is so xxx" is vapid and handwavy and I admit its a problem

in other cases though it can be incredibly penetrating and insightful and I feel like people try to hedge against that by calling it rude or whatever.  I don't think its rude, but I think the merit is in precisely the validity of the implications of the statement.  where its devoid of substance it becomes a useless distraction or an empty way to "score points" but where it is hitting on something true it has real merit... in the end it goes on a case by case basis. I do think people frequently lack self awareness and for as many people looking to score cheap points by making a cliched and empty critique of their type there are just as many, if not more, who want to score cheap points by white-knighting the person in question and basically making an equally empty defense that amounts to "people are whatever they say they are and you can't critique that"--in the end the enemy is both kinds of empty chatter because they turn what could be a productive and meaningful discussion into an empty social contestyes, but I would say that tradition and foundation are not necessarily flawed per se, but rather they tend to be *misused* by a certain segment of social manipulators--the parasites in question.  It is how I can be a Christian but criticize Christian authorities, etc [1].  There is real wisdom and truth in the tradition but also a tradition of abuse.  The sacred frequently gets invoked for profane ends, etc.  

These profane ends are essentially using meaningful symbolism for personal or collective gain but at the long term expense of everyone.  It is the unsustainable nature of Fe that makes it disastrous if not checked.  One descriptor of Fe's weakness from an Fi perspective was essentially that "the power of Fe to move people is predicated on the assumption that the feelings expressed are genuine--overuse of Fe leads to the devaluing of feeling in general because people question whether or not the feelings expressed are really there (Fi) or are simply being drummed up as a way to mobilize others for whatever end"  this would be how Fe starts to be accused of being "fake."

Its this fakeness that finds refuge not in just day to day one on one or one on many personal interractions but also extends to co opting the symbols of humanity on the whole.  In other words, once people realize they can amplify the effects of Fe to entire populations via symbols they realize they can exert incredible large scale social control--and in doing so reap the personal benefits of an entire economy.  From small to large scale you see people doing this: whether just a small time ringleader or the actual Pope or President, you have people using Fe to control people by their deepest fears, insecurities, desires, hopes, prejudices, etc.  But because this control is fundamentally predicated on "objective emotions" but not "objective reality" it ultimately leads to long term degradation of the economy--misuse of resources, tyranny, suppression, etc.  It can only last as long as the underlying system can sustain itself *despite* the drain on it--hence parasitic

Ni + Fe tends to tell us what the symbols mean, to influence our core values (these are your "theologians") whereas Fe + Ni tends to use the tools provided by the theologians directly (these are your "prophets").  xSTP tends to be their goons, but occasionally you see one become a mouthpeice, like Trump.  But make no mistake Trump is just the confidence-man, his actual confidence is in the groundwork set in place by the values promulgated by all sorts of grassroots Fe rallying.  Its the men behind the men that influence the environment that make it susceptible to a Trump like figure coming in and consolidating it all for them.  That sort of fear-mongering and value-making has been going on in America for a long time now behind the scenes and it seems to have finally come to fruition for them.  Now we get to all go along for the ride.  One major indicator of Fe is its total reliance on false equivalence.  The idea is that since half the nation didn't like Obama its perfectly fair that half (or more) the nation doesn't like trump.  Reality and policy never come into it, full stop, you don't need to go further in investigating things--that settles it.  The moral justification is already entrenched in the minds of people who think this way.  Thus "alternative facts" are completely valid as a category in that one major tenet of this mindset is what is real is whatever the group believes.  Since it is "their turn" they get to dictate the facts, the facts don't control them, etc etc

The "my turn" principle of rulership is precisely how Fe decides policy.  It has some kind of notion of fairness--which is: fair is whatever "balances the emotional energy" hence 8 years of Obama justifies 8 years of trump because its only fair that since one portion of the population was dispossessed now the other should be.  Its this sort of surface-level people centered heuristic they use in place of Te.  It is likely a disaster, but its also self destructive and therefore cyclical--it is precisely why you'll have one side talking about how they're good for the economy and their opponents are terrible, meanwhile they're wrecking it, and then the other side comes in and fixes it (the ones that were supposedly wrecking it--this was always pure projection on the part of the first group), then the first group comes in and starts it all over--its this weird contest between making people happy at the expense of actual resources and generating and preserving resources at the expense of making people (who don't understand resources, otherwise they'd already be) happy.  The upshot to all this is we will actually prove *why* we need the EPA and other silly questions, because Trump has made those questions deadly serious

[1] Kierkegaard literally wrote the book on this, *Attack on Christendom*I don't know man, I pretty much interact with the world using Ni half the time (staring into space)

I feel like socionics has the better system in this regardI love getting some suggestion in my head based solely off some cursory reading of the title or body and then running with it.  pertinence be damned.  I swear there's a connection here somewhere.  but its like needing to give birth sometimes, its not really up to me when it happensall of life is improvthis is precisely why I think Jung was INTJ, rating him in strength it would be something like Ni Ti Te Fi Se Ne Si Fe (INTJ) v Ni Fi Fe Ti Se Ne Si Te (INFJ)... 

people commonly believe because he laid the groundwork for a system he needs Ti somewhere in his 4 main MBTI functions, but Ni Ti is strongest in INTJs (and INTPs).  the fact that he never really had a systemic approach rather most of it was implicit in his thinking shows exactly how it was incredibly strong, but unvalued (and therefore latent).  He would even make frequent "Te disclaimers" where he would acknowledge inferences not being made on the basis of their systemic implications but by his real world clinical experience supporting their existence (this approach would be anathema to Te PoLR)

Fe seems to me to be the real time ability and desire to steer emotions towards positive affect, sometimes at the expense of thinking--like a motivational speaker "if you will it, it is no dream"--such an Fe statement! (I feel like will alone is precisely a dream!)  Jung seems solidly grounded in thinking.  If you read him he says offensive shit all the time, but half the time it is to provoke thought, not assuage feelings which is precisely how INTJs operate.  A lot of the feel-good interpretation of MBTI (and Jung by extension) is a Fe projection based on how Fe "uses" MBTI (circlejerks, etc), but not grounded in any real experience of Jung (reading his primary works--completely, etc)...because value and strength are separate and distinct, and the numerical order proceeds in terms of value because our values manifest foremost as personalitywhat feeds what is a matter of perception v judging.  you could think of dom and aux as "problem identifier" and "problem solver" though.  In other words, in an INTJ the dominant (Ni) "feeds" the auxiliary (Te).  But in ISFP the auxiliary (Se) "feeds" the dominant (Fi).  However, ISFPs solve the problems Fi identifies through direct action (Se), whereas INTJs solve problems via Te "planning" (for lack of a better word) identified through abstract perception (Ni).  This is very basic-- the other functions come into play but that is the gist of it

our fifth function would only be stronger if you work off the assumption that our first is "stronger" than our second and thus by extension fifth must be commensurately strong, but in fact our creative (2nd) and its correlate (6th) are "stronger" in the sense that we use them with the most "creativity"--our dominant we use with the most "confidence"

I get in the above discussion we ranked 1 as the strongest in terms of both value and strength, but its actually more nuanced than that--its more like 1 &amp; 2 have a complex relationship to one another which "strength" fails to fully capture (they are "strong" in different ways).  5 being less strong than it seemingly should be is a consequence of this... a lot of it goes to dominant is *so dominant* (i.e.: uni-polar) 5 tends to get neglected, whereas creative use of 2 necessarily entails a high level  development (even if only implicitly) of 6.  I get this is asking to be mostly taken on faith, but it requires a deeper understanding of socionics to fully understand--it is a very good question, because it goes to the heart of the system.  I'd suggest checking out [this website](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/258-Socionics-Model-A-Blocks-and-Functions-of-the-Socionic-Model-of-the-Psyche)  to really get a thorough explanation

most simply: strong "creative" use of something entails development of both ends, whereas strong "confident" use of something entails ignoring its opposing attitude stahp, you're making me want to be an ESTJ

seriously though, that sounds badass: all that sensory power and can keep up with the theory yeah the INFJ thing is just a memePi here.  I think the consequences of a consequentialist philosophy make deontological thinking superior.  I think, upon reflection, you will see this is a very Te mindset; but its sophisticated Te, from a Te ego, whereas consequentialism is simply a Ti rendition of unsophisticated Te.my contrarian streak has left me a little self hating in that regardtotesyeah, I find it easiest to communicate with my quadra, regardless of whether they're S or N in the ego.  In other words, ESFPs, "get" what I'm saying a lot easier than INTPs most of the time, unless there's some other common ground the INTP might have the ESFP lacks, that works to offset it, like academic background etcI thought your quotes were great, and together were very helpful by shedding light on the same thing (Si) via two different angles.  I don't get redshoes' sperg out either because it seems to totally miss the point in favor of grinding an imaginary axeas an aside, I've given a lot of thought to Si v Ni and about how I personally detest theories that I describe as "Monadology" which would be tidy conceptual frameworks but that never have a phenomenological nexus with lived experience and have been considering how that might be a manifestation of Si/Te... it would be in keeping with Peterson being a 1 ISTJ and also with me as well because I identify really strongly with his general point of view (long before the stupid political brouhaha).  Further Harris exemplifies exactly what I'd call a "tertiary Ti" outlook which I've seen pop up over and over again in life and has annoyed me from day one, which is exactly these kind of "solipsistic" (using the term loosely here [1]) bottom up ungrounded Ti worldviews, with seemingly obvious factual problems, matched only by their complete disregard (Te PoLR?) for said seemingly problematic facts--and perhaps its intuition that ties it all together.  Which *would* make Harris an INFJ (he's even got what I perceive as that smug "beta look").  So in the end, I think you might really be onto something, because its like the two of them are living out the archetypal discomfort with one another that I've likewise experienced many many times, and I do believe it could be Si/Te v Ni/Fe/Ti--although one thing that makes me potentially doubt that is how in touch Nietzsche was with sensing and how well he seems to grasp it and use it creatively along with Ni such that I'm also considering that maybe there's a real blurriness between Ni and Si in sufficiently advanced (pardon the pretension) people (the common idea that you can "go down" but usually not "up" the ladder of abstraction).

[1] with recognition that "solipsism" cuts both ways--I feel like the types of theories I denigrate here are solipsistic because they privilege that (Ti) individual view over the experience of others; but, to be fair, if that really is Ni v Si, requiring something to have a phenomenological touchstone would likewise seem solipsistic from the point of Ni because it is places my own individual view higher than the "experience" (as Ni--the lack of that requirement) of others

"ungrounded" and "bottom up" may seem weird, but its exactly that: like a monolith floating 10 feet off the ground.  I could totally see how INFJ could be type 5 because as Michael Pierce describes himself its like "their baby they're afraid to let anyone touch" precisely because they know how airy and vulnerable the thing is... Like Eckhart Tollle's way of just buying in completely to his own happy delusion--the system is this detached thing by design and the stinginess is a requirement to keep it safe otherwise it gets brought "down to earth" by facts, etc

honestly the idea that I could be an ISTJ is the coolest thing to strike me in ages and I kind of want it to be true.  it also means I get to be dual to all those ENFPsits because its a firsthand expression of drawing a subjective impression out of the logo that isn't, objectively speaking, thereI feel like INTJ v ISTJ is begging for this treatment!its totally helpful, thank you. 

I think in regards to Sam I do think he's defensive and close minded but in a more pernicious, you might say counter phobic way.  Its like he's saying "look everyone! free to touch!"; but then he never budges on anything and always has a "reason" (using the term lightly here) for why he's right, even when it seems to me he's transparently rationalizing, etc (I feel like *this* moreso than anything is Ni--my INTJ friends also give off the same vibe--Peterson does not give me this vibe).  He doesn't strike me as someone who's really interested in the truth so much as advertising his own dogma or whatever.  Its not even new or interesting like Peterson's, it really seems like he's literally selling prejudice (i find Ti "prejudicial" in general) with a new sheen.  Anyway I can see how people might think the same thing about Peterson, from a certain point of view, so maybe its all a matter of perspective.

I want things grounded in reality, but when it comes to personality theory I need some first hand experience of the thing, which really comes down to at least one necessary instance of specifics--my own.  Which is to say until there's some kind of objective manifestation of things I always resort to checking things against my own experience and introspection (I would never let a beta dictate to me my own inner experience on the basis of their system without verifying it first, because I think its precisely this kind of faith they try to exploit in a myriad of ways)...  I do feel like people throw irrelevant facts at issues, but I've noticed a trend where it seems like Fe/Ti does not know well when which is which.  I've seen them throw out a bunch of irrelevant facts as if it means something and then ignore facts fatal to their system--some of that is just going to be rooted in bitter disagreements where people are being uncharitable, but it feels like their sensitivity to what is relevant is impaired in some ways and the easiest way to handle it is to reject nearly all facts and focus on building the most internally consistent framework rather than get bogged down in the lengthy perhaps impossible-for-them process of sorting through the facts up front, which is a fair approach, a conservative one, but one that can kind of become a monster (murderously ideological, at its worst). 

I've noticed in arguments it feels to me like betas throw up a ton of non sequiturs when pressed on Te and I'm guessing its because that's how they experience being subjected to Te, so they're sort of "throwing it back out there" in a kind of moral equivalency, without truly comprehending the underlying substance of the Te point.  This is why I fundamentally feel like arguing with betas is basically pointless because they're primarily trying to balance or win over the energy of their interlocutor or any observers and not really aiming at the underlying issues/reality (or perhaps one might say, to them, *that is* the real issue/reality).  in my experience, the most productive conversations with beta come from the position of them essentially trying to agree not disagree it feels like (again, I realize everyone probably thinks that way to some extent "you're so right *only* when you agree with me!" but I get that palpable sense with beta and I say that as a matter of intellectual honesty)...

I think in the end I'm MBTI INTJ but Socionics SLI  and I like that, because socionics Si is just as abstract, if not moreso, than intuition but in a different kind of way, whereas the S/N divide in MBTI feels clunky in comparison

I would say to Harris' credit, rejecting religion (or the beta projection of it) is actually a moral triumph when you consider it is primarily used as a tool for domination in the hands of beta.  So its like a person saying, "I can't handle this responsibly, so its best if we don't use it"  the problem is he would extend that logic into policy that would effect those who can handle it and who derive real value and meaning from it.  I feel like these beta style state atheist projects have their heart in the right place in some sense, because they're trying to disarm from themselves the equivalent of nuclear weapons, but I feel like it needs to be directed primarily at themselves, the individual, as a kind of principled atheism and beta struggles because the Fe Se Ti impulse is to impose it on the world and so atheism or statism or whatever just takes up the banner.  there is a sad irony because its like even the "good betas" have a hard time escaping that trap... I feel like that's precisely his problem:  he fundamentally cannot grasp the full ontological significance of tolerance

its like INFJs are trying to close off the beta quadrant but in a gamma culture have nothing left to do so ironically work against the fruits of their predecessor's labors by destabilizing what was already achieved because they can't comprehend something so forward thinking and have to project their own character flaws onto it and attack it.  mother teresa to me seems to have been far more productive then than someone like sam harris, because she fundamentally knew *where* to devote her efforts, and I really respect thatI get what you're saying and am not offended; I appreciate your candor, because getting straight perceptions from beta is often difficult.  I think it comes down to the fact that I really do think I tolerate betas, but rather my definition is something like "I'd avoid them and try to minimize their harm, but not try to *change them*, rather I fully accept that's who they are (on a personal level, I would fully include them in society)"--whereas I think the beta definition is something like "I *must* change them and in *trying* I am tolerating their existence, because, to me, the alternative is eradication (or exclusion from society)."  Or at least that's how Sam comes off when he talks about religion.  It really does seem that way when he talks about dangerous beliefs and stuff

Everything else I really do agree with more or less and am thinking because I was raised by beta I just have some weird perceptions on how to act, but at heart I'm just an SLI who got bogged down in a lot of EIE/IEI philosophy and ethics and its been a compulsion of mine to unwind a lot of it, when I'm most happy just dong SLI "stuff."  I feel like Peterson is kind of the same way--I think blowing up has been bad for him--that he would be happier and more effective on a small scale, etc

From my point of view though he does do a marvelous job of tying details together that *do matter*.  But its a real testament to the differences in human minds how we can basically be completely opposite to one another on that and I mean that in an appreciative way.  It makes me think there's something radically incomprehensible out there, which I kind of like I like it.  really; your expressions are refreshingly honest, in my mind.  I like those straightforward Ti misgivings because when rendered like that I can't disagree.   I think you could mobilize a lot of people with that... its so pure and vulnerable I don't want to criticize it.  I feel like if everyone where as honest as you there wouldn't be so many problems Te is more than science.  Science and academia are very Ti dominated.  The fact that MBTI seems to "work" is more Te than the fact its been formalized into a "proven" system.  "Proof" enough is when people recognize it in the world firsthand through pattern recognition.  yeah, but don't you see? if they get pleasure out of that false economy then you're a bad guy for breaking it up... the integrity of the system is meaningless to them because the meaning to them inheres in its ability to confer those kinds of, for lack of a better word, self esteem benefits, irrespective of any theoretical rigor beyond that

its basically a fight for what MBTI exists to do, and there's basically two sides: it exists to make you feel good in whatever way that spins out, or it exists to shed practical insight into human perception and judgement

in retrospect *of course* this would occur in the INFJ subreddit, perhaps the environment most guilty of treating MBTI as the former, with predictable results (INFJ is rarest i.e.: "special", everyone is INFJ, ignore the apparent paradox between it being somehow the most rare and most common).  The logic that encapsulates it is precisely the need to feel special according to labels, which gives rise to exactly what we're witnessing

I think the real solution would be to make people feel allowed to be special as any type.  until that happens, this kind of stuff is going to naturally occur.  I think socionics did something right when it basically posited a more or less even distribution of the types.  As soon as MBTI had some types be more rare than others they attracted anyone with the mindset inclined to equate rarity with speciality and the need to feel it on those grounds which throws a huge kink in the integrity of the system--the INFJ subreddit is what that looks like in actionthis.  whether or not you offer hugs in any given situation is going to based on the subjective logic of Fi.  there is no foregone example of Fi because it is radically subjective, but you can think of it as focusing on "shoulds" rather than "cans" or, in other words, "is" vs "ought."  in general Fi is negativistic though so instead of it being golden rule based "do unto others as you would have them do unto you", which tends to get people into a lot of trouble because not everyone wants what you want, it tends to avoid the things you wouldn't want done to you; in other words "don't do to others things you wouldn't want done to you" this tends to be the foundation of their conception of "bad" and develops into judgements of people who are good or evil.  the "logic" of Fi comes into play when people tend to behave "irrationally" (Fi is a "rational" function in the sense that it gives order), i.e.: they behave in internally contradictory ways: like doing something sadistic they themselves would not enjoy while at the same time having no outside reason to justify the exception to the rule... Fi is more about subjective moral consistency than any one given rule or behavior... the greater preference for it usually lends it greater nuance so the "moral consistency" can be hard to spot for non valuers or lower level users because it tends to incorporate exceptions and sophistication (in the form of layers of rules or attention to facts others find inconsequential) that others can't readily perceive.  Hence Fi tends to look irrational, ironically enough, and since its always developing, chaotic too.  at the end of the day though its about having a introverted and stable center of values, one that is rigid even when it values flexibility because it is a solid, grounded, bottom up, structure akin to Ti, and less of a result oriented ad hoc adjustment to situations in flux which would be Fe (or Te)Kant said nothing can be called good without qualification except a good will

I believe that

its more like philosophy and psychology are two slightly different looks at the same phenomena and psychological subjectivity is not metaphysical subjectivity in the sense of "philosophical moral relativism" which is really just nihilism when taken as such... subjective psychological good will can be objective philosophical morality, in other words

in other words to call something psychologically subjective is evincing a different framework and hence meaning than to call something morally subjective in the metaphysical philosophical sense.  something can be psychologically subjective and metaphysically or in terms of moral philosophy philosophically objective: the idea that all you can do is in good faith try your best, etc maybe be subjectively psychologically grounded but the objective moral/philosophical truth

edit: to put it succinctly: "subjective" has different meanings in psychology vs philosophy and you can't always cross them over without certain confusions resultingits not logic by definition but it definitely feels like logic

which I get is a weird recursive phenomenon but perhaps what its aiming for is what thinking and feeling have in common which is *rationality* which often gets confused for the formal definition of logic (in common usage) but they each have distinct domains from within the system

I do think *the feeling* of rationality is a kind of feeling of logical harmony, although its more like "logical harmony" is an attempted linguistic impression of the feeling itself.  I feel like we could use a new word to describe the feeling of Fi rationality (in harmony), its more like "good conscience"

its the kind of "logical harmony" that helps one sleep at night, not engineer technology etctrue, I just didn't want to give the impression they were exclusively limited to negative judgements, because then people would get confused whenever ISFP or whatever ever expressed positive values.  its more like their internal framework is at its core a collection of "thou shalt nots" from which positive values emerge depending on that internal arrangement

general was meant to allow for expressions of both positive and negative but to accent the negative character of their rationalityI feel like we reverse engineered language, which was the evolutionary expression of Ti, into semantics and logic which got us back into Ti itself.  In other words, our brains all have a capacity for Ti and language evolved as a way to interact according to that capacity in an intersubjective way that lead to massive advantage (tools/technology)

but Fi had no such amplifying evolutionary leap forward so we're left with sort of groping at eachother to intersubjectively experience it.  in other words, while we have art and music there is no evolutionary leap forward on the scale of *language* that performs the same function for Fi.  which is why society teaches and prefers Ti in general *because it has to*

this is I think also what wittgeinstein was getting at when he said the limits of my language are the limits of my mind.  in a sense he was hitting on the fact that what we know about logic we've essentially inferred from language thus we cannot go beyond language into pure logic, although it seems like that's precisely what we do, its fundamentally constrained by the deep origins of language in Ti itself

another way to put it would be: Ti limits my language and also defines my subjective thinking (mind), hence the limits of my language are also the limits of my mind

of course this is the expression of a Ti dom talking about Ti, and inasmuch as I'm using language I'm also likewise limited, but there's this whole other subjective experience out there we call Fi, which I mistook for intuition for the longest time, but its actually Fi... so he's right as soon as you engage in language your mind and language are simultaneously limited, but Fi is this radically separate experience we can hardly give words to and we can only dimly percieve indirectly via intuition, but which we nevertheless experience directly as humans

this is why I don't think God is necessarily an intuition but *a feeling*; although as soon as we conceptualize him he functions as an intuition, but it is the perception of the feeling functioning as a concept that is the intuition.   the truth of God is a subjective experience, i.e.: Fi

in other words the truth of God, his *existence* is Fi, the God concept as such is an intuition.  people either feel like God exists or they don't (I remember until I was 22 I felt like God existed but I *thought* he didn't--and I was miserable).

kierkegaard has a line where he says morality without God is just pettiness, which I think what he's describing is the absence of Fi, i.e.: rules without the accompanying affect is just pettiness (empty legalism for its own sake, etc)

you might even say "God" is the foundation for Fi inasmuch as we attribute the authority and gravitas to the feeling to something absolute (Hegel defines the absolute as that which relies on nothing else, i.e.: the fundamental base).  In other words the God intuition is what we call the basis for Fi: absolute authority "the feeling of truth" another word for God is *logos*

all that presumes that one values Fi but I believe that is the worldview of the Fi valuer.  I feel like Fe/Ti types, especially Se types, come to God in a different way which I don't fully understand (I feel like with Fe/Se types you can pressure them into believing in God--i.e. God is a *social force*--thus their belief or lack of belief is objective in the Jungian sense, Gods existence is likewise objective in the Jungian sense.  when Nietzsche said we killed God it was in this sense that we killed him--when ideology in the 20th century rose to replace it, it was in this sense that it became *real*, *convincing*)...

finally, if you really want to get into wild speculation I think the Fe/Ti and Fi/Te divides (the difference between alpha/beta and gamma/delta--in my mind the single greatest divide in humanity) might have its origins in the genetics of varying ancient strains of humanity with separate cognitive frameworks.  it would be interesting to see what the Te/Fi ancient strain would be like with almost no Ti: would they have no language?  would they have come up with something for Fi similar to language... perhaps thats what aliens (the arrival) would look like, etc etcthis is awesome, thank you!

its funny cause Ive always associated my likes in a person to vikings so I definitely see the connection there

like I've always thought "I want a girlfriend who I could imagine killing someone with a sword" etcprobably true, but if there's an objective link it would be to the notion of health, which if you were to dismiss Fi for being simply a calculus based on minimization of negative feels would result in death in the same way dismissing the logic of gravity or whatever elseI used to think this way, but now I think that idea tends to throw the baby out with the bathwater.  Is socionics perfect and complete?  No, its got problems, most of which seem to come down to its status as being in-process and thus prone to contradictory output; but on the whole I think its on the right track and has a ton of useful information, and is a better system than MBTI in generalyeah I realized my thinking was essentially ethical and once Dario Nardi came out with the left handed brains of ISFPs look like INTJs it all sort of clicked

and thank youI think you're right about all this and that, further, super ego shapes the form thinking or feeling base takes to a great extent.  In other words, if you have a Ti/Ne super ego its going to look like a lot of internal structural linguistic rationalizations of "feeling" (introverted feeling, specifically).  So you may come across as "thinking" when you vocalize those feelings because you've ordered them in a rational way according to your own Ti/Ne.  Its the substance not the form of the discourse/underlying thoughts that tend to trend towards ethics/logic that really betrays one's thinking/feeling preference, but there's all kinds of nuance because of how it passes through super ego in different types, etc.  

I know for me its hard to separate out feeling from thinking because its like the rules of logic itself sort of constrain the way I think about "what's right"-- like it still needs to be free of contradiction to be settled in my mind or at least have a reason for an exception.  Even the feelsiest feeler tends to rationalize their feeling when trying to persuade or defend themselves and it has to take the form of language (Ti) to some extent, unless they simply start swinging or whatever (that happens too), which makes feelers feel like they're "thinking", which they are, just not in the technical senseI feel like mobilizing and suggestive are highly rewarding for academic study, because ego functions you sort of feel like you know it already and or would be better off learning it on your own.  So like for ISFP philosophy or literature could be highly rewarding (because of the Ni), or even business (Te).  Something within the realm of Fi/Se in the broader scope is where your life direction would be (according to theory anyway) best suited.  So like Fi/Se would *start a business around something Fi* or *write* literature, *after* having *studied* it.  Fi is whatever you personally value not necessarily art or whatever so it could be almost anything.  the lower functions are the ones we stand to benefit a lot from formal education in, whereas the ego functions guide themselves.  In other words, you don't need much to tell you how to use Se/Fi, rather you will do so naturally, what you need to do is develop the things that inform what you do with them, i.e.: Ni/Te

to me the goal of education is not to pick something you're already good at (like a native german speaker taking german at an english university)-- that whole idea is based on the premise that education is a hoop to jump through with the goal being the pedigree--that the process was onerous and not valuable in of itself, only it its result.  if that is your point of view then it makes sense to go into something you will be talented at, because the end state is the piece of paper, not the skills learned along the way.  if you take a broader perspective with education being a kind of personal development that is one step along the way pointed at a larger goal then it makes sense to bolster valued but weaker functions--not because you're bad at them, but because you want to get better (in other words, no one is saying to focus on something you hate because you're bad at it, rather focus on something you like, that would help you to improve--i.e.: INTJs don't *need* to join the football team, although that's not terrible or anything).

i think there's a subtle difference when types go into certain areas on *what they're actually learning*.  If an ESFP takes ballet, its not likely they're actually learning how to move the same way an INTJ would, rather they're learning *more* how to plan, manage time, meet certain logistical requirements, etc.  They're probably straining the least when doing the actual ballet, compared to others, but working hardest at "getting through the program" or whatever.  Its like how some people can be incredibly good at paperwork and logistics but terrible at homework, whereas others almost fail cause they can't schedule for shit but are amazing at the subject matter, etc etc

the trick is to find something that by developing will enhance your already strong areas that you are also highly interested in.  I know lots of sensors that deep down really do want to know all sorts of "brainy" stuff that they feel is off limits to them *because they're not already good at it*--the real line lies between picking something you're bad at and don't truly want to get better at, except in the sense you wish you weren't bad at it-- and between something you really do have a heartfelt interest in, despite not being great (this is your real "suggestive" areas)... as an aside its a great place to meet your duals because they likely are a big part of that communitythis is more Se valuing than anythingya, I think I'm ISFP nowI realized a long time ago if I was going to convince anyone of anything I'd have to basically construct an undeniable death blow of logic as best I could; otherwise I'd be looked at as the loon everyone just scapegoats for their non conformist ethics

INFJ is the mirage for all the socion so I think they can "successfully" date anyone.  Of course that success comes at the cost of a perpetual nagging feeling they're not being true to themselves and that no one fully appreciates how much of themselves they give up to get along, so the question becomes more or less does the INFJ really just want to have a "successful" relationship, which they could have with literally anyone, at varying cost; or do they want the "best" person?  Since they don't value Fi or Te the first seems more likely, but on occasion they will wonder. in any case, Id lean more on whether the ISTJ is happy with that arrangement, since on some level I feel like if they knew that was going on, as a matter of Fi, they wouldn't want that *for the other person*.   Then again I can't speak for anyone else

I know my mother (ENFJ, I'm thinking) is a Fe type and it feels like "she always gets what she wants" in ethical scenarios, but its ultimately stuff that's not good for her, like Fe is so focused on whether it *can* it forgets to ask whether it *should*.  but this is probably some kind of Te projection onto Fe
I feel like a lot of the implications I attributed to sensing/intuition divide was more about the divide between democratic and aristocratic between gamma/delta.  in other words, aristocratic infers certain implications from the way people talk about other people on the basis of how they (the aristocrats) intrinsically view the world, so when I express myself with certain democratic assumptions in mind, if you say the same words with aristocratic assumptions it starts to sound really bad (this goes both ways).  in a certain sense its an "intuition" but its more a quadral values thing and in the case of typology it would be Ni vs Si as a matter of quadral values (and the concomitant Ni v Ne, Si v Se valuing, etc). what I was originally describing as a misunderstanding between me and the ISTJ was overspecific to make it about INTJ v ISTJ when it was more Ni v Si, nested within the larger dynamic of gamma v delta values and the resultant projections that can create.  it was too much to make it leading function v leading function, when it was more subtle and pernicious, but for that reason all the more devastating and hard to root out

in a certain sense you could understand it exactly as INTJ v ISTJ but it lacks nuance and granularity... I feel like I see my prior understanding as a consequence of my relatively undeveloped understanding of the model and also working with a relatively unsophisticated model itself.  the gravamen of my conclusions back then (the moral feeling) is still valid, but I've found better words to model the situation with.  as such its better to say I think of myself as ESI, whereas "ISFP" has certain links to my prior understanding and that's not really what I'm working with anymore.   inasmuch as I thought I was INTJ back then a lot of what I said holds if you maintain that (from the point of view of Fi)

ESI has a Ti/Ne superego so if a lot of this comes off as xNTP its probably for that reason

both ESI and LII (INTP in MBTI) have a holographic cognitive style which is sort of what I'm trying to convey here: a lot of my statements and perceptions were emerging from my prior understanding and need to be understood in that context.  which sounds like maybe I'm trying to say I'm not wrong, even though I really was.  which is not true, I've been learning all the time and inasmuch as that is the case I'm constantly wrong, just trying to become better.  so a lot of people will probably discount what I say because the logic is like "this guy is all over the place and can't be relied on, since he will likely change further and continue to rationalize it"--which is true-- I will

as a consequence of that, I realize my credibility is more or less shredded so I've lost interest in trying to convey a lot of my views, because I don't feel like they'll be understood or appreciated... I feel like they've become too individuated and personal to really have much to offer to /mbti in general which is operating on a distinctly different level from me now

***

um.. to reiterate, I think the sensing/intuition divide manifests itself not in sensing v intuitive types but in *the kind* of sensing/intuition each type values regardless of where it falls.  So it becomes more about Ni/Se v Si/Ne (in the case of gamma v alpha or delta) *in general* and those "misunderstandings" which MBTI tends to make so much of can easily happen between two sensors or two intuitives etc because it has more to do with psychological projections at many possible different levels not just the ego.. I personally like to think in terms of quadral values because that narrative makes a lot of sense to me, but there are many different ways to dissect this issue, and I think socionics goes into that in a multiplicity of varying ways (which is why people tend to criticize it as having "too many perspectives" on the same issue, but I see that as a strength not a weakness-- MBTI seems reductive and brutish in comparison).yeah because you're both aristocratic and vortical synergetic.   the problems I describe in my post wouldn't apply to you, whatever you describe the source of it being (there are different ways to understand fundamentally the same thing)I would start [here](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/130-Introduction-to-Socionics)

socionics is really hard to break into because of translation issues compounding sometimes contradictory viewpoints but its well worth it

I personally like Gulenko and Stratiyevskaya the best, but that's probably because we share cognitive styles

also I constantly reference [this](https://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/), since it can be really hard to keep track of it allISFP master raceagree. If I say I don't care I'd just be lying and if I acted on the lie I'd just end up with someone I didn't like.  and they don't deserve thatENFJs definitely never stopI feel like people who are inclined to list their values instantly add an element of "show" to it, whereas my values and how I judge the true values of others is manifest in our interactions hence any discussion of this kind is basically impossible or if not impossible, against my values

anyone can say x or y, but it rarely means anything...  thinking in those terms is rarely serious, detached from a context in which values are really at stake; and tends to amount to empty words 

its basically show not tell

i likewise also don't have a list of traits I find attractive/people I think are sexy/stuff I like/etc or whatever other bullshit Fe types like to catalogue for others to view and compare

what I can do is tell you about specific things/events/situations I *don't* likeISFPs have no problem expressing their values within a context either via word (with people they trust, if they're being genuine, or using their attitude as a weapon, moralizing, against people they don't trust), or action, when caught up in an ethical situation, where they act on the basis of them...  Its just the question as phrased seems like asking for a Fi skeleton key to the soul which no Fi dom can give up, even if they were goaded to prattle on about their specific likes/dislikes it wouldn't amount to what I think OP is really looking for, which would be "values essential to Fi" which are really meta values, ones which are structural to Fi, but Fi is subjective by definition, the only values of this kind would be things like individual right to act according to their own values as developed through personal experience, etc and emphatically *not* things like, I like trait x or y

Fi values in the small time sense range through literally every single possible value and you're just as likely to get one or the other.  the real test is to live it out and observe first hand (see "developed through personal experience") to see what any given individual Fi is really all about

even if you're inferring values based on a discussion about values its never the values listed that matter its the entire way the interaction unfolded that you can really tell something about someoneexactlywell, now you knowyou're describing exactly what socionics calls democracy (gamma: xSFP, xNTJ) v aristocracy (delta: xSTJ, xNFP)you're not wrong for picking up on NFPs being probably the least stereotypically aristocratic of the aristocrats

http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Democratic_and_aristocratic

these are what I think of as "psychological values" such that when conflicts arise it usually stems from a differing base perspective from on whom the burden falls by default (from where the rights flow).  A difference in outlook that entails such a fork usually only becomes apparent when one party thought it was reasonable to assume the other would do x or y and then they failed to do so, thinking they were in no way obligated etc etcwhat kind of monster doesn't care about the mustardaccording to socionics anyway, Fe dominance, in the case of EIE (ENFJ--Fe blocked with Ni) is a lot of solitary pondering of the fate of mankind and stuff like thatwoah keep going I want to read about ENTJNooOothank you!I would argue that your dominant function is more "the lens through which you view the world" and hence recedes from direct awareness, whereas Aux is the thing you "turn on" to solve problems and thus one tends to be more explicitly aware when cognizing in those terms.  In that sense, while dominant is almost always present to some degree, it doesn't necessarily manifest itself in such a way that makes direct use of its strength, rather its primary strength is in perceiving information according to its means, whereby one either avoids problems or solves them via the aux (or other functions), hence it is strong in a passive and inactive sense, which is not the same thing when compared to someone with the same function in the aux slot.  Because of this its "strength" is contingent on "strength" meaning sophistication in processing information but not necessarily synthesizing actions i.e.: manifestation or output

in other words, strength is more synonymous with "most used" and less with "greatest" in terms of production (manifest appearance or even "leverage"--which I think gets more to the heart of strength and what people commonly think of it as), and I think its this misunderstanding where people mix these two things up and think of, for example, Ni doms as exhibiting the most Ni, when its likely Ni creatives would, etc etc

So on pragmatic grounds for a better collective understanding on how to type and what type means and looks like I think thats a distinction I think should be made clearer, so linear rankings of these kinds would do well to somehow account for this or risk adding more onto a misleading pileits in the middle but its a reactionary swing in the direction opposite of 8, 1 is the "middle" in terms of synthesis between the two poles, 8 &amp; 9.  which isn't to discount your experience, but rather its more a feature of a 1, as you describe itI'm with you, I was just thinking you were describing more the 1 in the 9w1; not sayin' there's a mistype, but I suppose if there were it would be more like 1w9 or maybe 1w2 but 9w1 still makes sense; I was just making more of a technical nitpickhttps://youtu.be/cJJp-z_wkBk?t=3259Its weird to think of ESFP as the saddest type, but its often true :(INFJs have no flaws except the flaws common to all people, which basically makes them the best by definitionthat's awesome; I've often thought similar things about how Fi is music and more specifically I think Fi is focused on what the best notes are, whereas other types tend to want to explain the "theory" like time signatures, keys, etc, but Fi looks to the content and the melody, so to speakvoice tone is related to feeling and sensing, their prevalence or absence implicates thinking and intuition, so in some sense its all related and can be considered indicia of type in generalyes, same thing in socionics.  it generally has to do with the theory being in the alpha stage and most attractive to those types, which tend to dominate it.  MBTI doesn't think in quadra, but its roughly in the same stage as socionics, which is in the infancy of its existence as an idea, which is generally alpha territory.  I would be willing to bet one reason there's all this confusion in the community is that people assume there should be something like an even split of types, but its 80% alphas and 80% of those are alpha NTs.  Alpha modes of thinking are the furthest removed from Fi, which would be gamma/deltathis stands out as Si/Ne axis valuing more than anything, its about not subjecting people to sensations they might find unpleasant (noise, smell, mess, physical proximity)its me, I'm the sensoryeah its because its about intentions and not the deed itself.  its not worth making something worse by embarrassing someone for something clearly unintended.  it would simply make you the bad guy and your whole motive for saying anything would be because you're some kind of victim, but you're transformed out of the victim role as soon as you say something, and people would rather be the victim, since if being a victim is bad, you're making things worse by making this other person a victim, unless you rate yourself as more important than the other person, and that's just egotistical.  in fact if saying anything is premised on being more important and therefore entitled to say something, its just a symbolic form of doing the same thing other person is actually guilty of, which is degrading the other person.  people actually make this calculation but they can't put it to words so its all behind the scenes.  it therefore seems irrational since the superficially most rational thing would be to act or sincerely be insulted.  some people hate not seeming rational so they're under serious tension not to react, and they know this on some level which is why they laugh at themselves, because its ridiculousthe idea is the preferred function in the aux slot has a degree of flexibility and creativity to it that manifests, as a byproduct, and subconsciously takes into account, its opposite attitude.  "strength" in that sense is a technical term, it doesn't mean its somehow more valued.  its more like how you can be unconsciously good at something.  INTJs, for example, rarely make logical mistakes of a Ti nature, despite not valuing it.  Its precisely what allows creative Te to stand up to Ti analysis, otherwise creative Te would be strictly inferior whenever Ti base was aroundin socionics inferior, i.e.: suggestive function, is "point of absolute weakness" whereas PoLR is "point of least resistance"yeah I agree the terms, possibly owing to translation, are very unclear...

I think the idea is PoLR is something that you reject as an element of yourself, and see more as coming from the outside.  Thus it has this negative charge, but at the same time you experience in such a way that you do not try to take ownership the way dominant function dominates the suggestive, which is to almost entirely subsume it.  Rather you can compartmentalize it "ok this is what society is telling me"--it can be painful, usually embarrassing, but its not the kind of thing that you war with yourself over internally.  It pops up and sucks and life goes on.

Suggestive is the sort of thing you desperately want and need more of, although the want thing needs to be qualified, because we certainly don't act as if we want it most the time.  Its more like we expect a degree of it to be  forthcoming from the environment, so its not something society demands from us, its something we demand from society.  The problem is when we don't get it, our one-sidedness owing to our base function continues to dominate until the needs of the suggestive function become impossible to ignore and we are forced to supply them for ourself or risk breaking down.  In this sense the whole process can be internal.  It also means we cover for suggestive less, because PoLR we expect of ourselves a baseline level of "keeping up" to be done (mainly via our mobilizing [3rd function in MBTI]), but suggestive is the sort of thing where we are in fact weaker on it because we don't do the same kind of housekeeping or have the same kind of social queues making themselves apparent.  PoLR in virtue of being a super ego function and conscious registers with us when someone is telling us something.  Suggestive information is often the kind of thing we can't always make conscious in the same way.  True we don't resist it, but its also true we don't always understand it.  Unless its somehow helped along often we fail to really address it, because people usually just take that information and assmilate it into their dominant function, it continues to sort of hang out. 

Both functions are obvious to people who continually monitor them (have them as dominant), but people whose dominant function is the other's suggestive typically want to help, whereas the same help when its another person's PoLR is viewed as criticism rather than help.  What happens is a dominant function in a dual relationship, i.e.: directed toward a suggestive function, is it naturally gets ahead of and solves issues in a way that protects that person's suggestive, but the same activity when directed at PoLR is misunderstood and viewed as a hostile attempt to control.  

What ends up happening when people don't get help on their PoLR, they're a little happier and they tend to handle the function better anyway, because their mobilizing covers for it.  Dominant function doesn't cover for Suggestive in the same way, it actually represses it.  Its in that relationship that lack of help or feedback, despite how it may or may not be momentarily painful, is actually worse for the person, and why suggestive is actually the "weaker" function.  A lot of what the "first to blow out" under stress depends on the nature of the environment, but all else being equal suggestive breaks down first

if a person is getting help neither on their PoLR or their Suggestive, take LIE for example, as long as their Se activity is genuinely healthy, their Si should be covered: this would be things like having the willpower to engage in self care even though you technically don't care.  But their role Fe function is not going to cover for Fi in the same way.  First of all, its not steady the way Se is, and its not valued the way Se is.  Its the other super ego function, so they're not going to freely engage in it unless they have to.  Its an inferior way to come by Fi, meanwhile role is at odds with base anyway, so as long as they're engaging in Te all forms of feeling are repressed.  So the idea is in the absence of support on polr and suggestive, you don't really mind the lack of feedback on polr, and can generally be self sufficient, albiet weird by social norms, but suggestive you actually will break down on (because of the relationship to dominant function to role/suggestive, i.e.: it excludes them as a basic property of being themselves)

in the final analysis they're both weak functions, and the difference is kind of hair splitting, but there it is.  you can break down on either ultimatelyyeah, that's a great summary.  and the consequence is generally our inferior can be more of an Achilles heel, but more is simply made of our dislike for PoLRthis thread is about those amazing sensory experiences you have as a product of inferior Se.

my hunch is many of us will have had similar experiences and I want to share because I have never actually met someone whom, upon describing them to, understood what I was talking about.  The idea that this could be shared and mutually understood sounds awesome to me.

So I'll start: every once in a while, while driving at night it feels like the streetlights and stoplights all take on this powerfully glowing aura where all the colors tend to blur and vibrate and it feels like I'm in some kind of impressionistic painting.  More than that its like the world itself is buzzing and swirling in a way that I'm caught up in like an overpowering but benevolent whirlwind.  In that moment it just feels like everything is ok, and even *right*, and everything has to be exactly the way it is and for that moment I cannot fathom wanting it to be otherwise.  

It feels like actually being in the world for once, rather than outside it.  But more than being "in" the world, its more like the world has come to me and its an overwhelming sense of oneness that my senses are a kind of witness to.

Anyway, please share you experiences that might be similarI feel like in the spirit of advanced pattern recognition there's definitely something intriguing about seeing people's faces along with their type.  I always get a kick out of these threads, so lets go!

Also post any additional info like Enneagram!

[I'll start off](http://imgur.com/a/dGxVH)

INTJ Enneagram 1w9 (so/sx--I think, kind of shaky on the instinctual variants).

[Walter White](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8h-iAZBtNrs)  is an ISTJ.[House's personality](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3K4jF63Hlw) doesn't go into "ENTP mode" in times of stress only.


He is very spontaneous. He doesn't anticipate what might go wrong; he doesn't plan things out. He tries new ideas without calculating - or caring about - the risks involved. That is the standard formula for every single episode. There is nothing INTJish about House. I could type Tony Stark or the Joker as INTJs with the same method used to type House as one.




The only even slightly credible typing of him as an INTJ that I've seen had to use shadow functions *and* "the writers don't know how to write an INTJ" as excuses for why he doesn't seem like one. 

More than anything else him being an INTJ was popularized by memes and  overtyping smart problem-solvers as INTJs.[Walter White](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8h-iAZBtNrs)  is an ISTJ.
https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/4pes4c/whos_your_favorite_intj_person_in_the_world_ever/d4khsk4/&gt;Drakken: ~~INTJ~~


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em7EN0STs4A

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alWdz88mXo4

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wK7z60Y9Dz8

Lol , I highly doubt this Sometimes I really feel NI is useless af.I don't feel that organized lolThings kinda come to you in a non linear fashion . Where as Ti is a step by step process , from one thought into another . Ni is non linear in that you just jump around from conclusion to conclusion . A Ni dom will just sit and wait, and watch so that he can get whatever conclusion he is looking for . It's really random . And hard to explain :/ Yeah I never indulge , unless it's a hot babeMy infp roommate will take everything very personally, being Fi dom. So if you are trying to be sarcastic around her it never worksIv never felt ti/ni loops , I don't believeMy ENFP ex has been stuck in depression for a long time , she puts every possible instance into the worst thing possible. Haha people always think Intj is arrogantIntpNo way can say they're logical , I live with an INFP and her SiFi loop is unreal and needs constant attention.Si and their non rational judgments As an INTJ iv gone many days not saying a word to anyone , I live in my own world that no one usually cares to see.Estp makes most sense. Fe was shown in his ability to grab the country and gain popularity. Ni shown in him knowing what he could get away with / fucking people over. And Se is shown in the way he speaks, using meaningless but punctual words. I have 3 other roommates, myself as INTJ , a INTP, INFP, and ESTJ. It's a pretty good dynamic.I have a catalog of each function inside my head , that I use every situation in the past to build it up.  It's taken a few years , but now once I  meet a new person I almost instantly can find their functions. I then, know what to expect and how to appropriately act around them to either have them like me or learn their intentions ENFJ for sure , master of manipulation. My roommate of 4 years is an INTP. We have the best unspoken connection. We are so similar that we get along but also have just enough un-similarities to make it funThe intp made me laugh I have a jewish ENTP friend who repeatedly would talk shit about Christmas ( Respectively so ) . Only to come a few weeks ago he and I (INTJ) get into a huge argument, only for him to bring up the fact I didn't buy him a Christmas present... Entp buddy at work just left for a 85k a year job, this graph isn't that accurate
Decades of twin studies strongly suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions measured by the MBTI and Big Five. But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

There's more Big Five data than MBTI data, as I understand it — although Big Five data is also effectively MBTI data if you take the position (as I do, and as the leading Big Five psychologists do) that the MBTI is tapping into four of the Big Five dimensions. But [here's one MBTI-specific study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9529660) that found significant twin correlations on all four dimensions.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.
I guess you must have missed my earlier comment.

Decades of studies have now made it pretty much inarguably clear that, counterintuitive though it may be, *how somebody's parents raise them* has virtually *no impact* on the kinds of stable personality clusters tapped into by the MBTI and Big Five.

[Here's a recent discussion of the existing research](http://quillette.com/2015/12/01/why-parenting-may-not-matter-and-why-most-social-science-research-is-probably-wrong) that could help you see the light.

And it's just further confirmation of a conclusion that personality psychologists had reached more than 25 years ago.

Here's Hans Eysenck, writing in 1990, on the subject of parental influence on the core dimensions of temperament:

&gt;**Eysenck, H.J., "Genetic and Environmental Contributions to Individual Differences: The Three Major Dimensions of Personality."** Journal of Personality, 58, 245, 1990.

&gt;"Six major recent studies, all of which are characterized by being based on sufficiently large numbers of twin pairs, as well as being analyzed by means of modern statistical methods, provide more reliable evidence for genetic influence on personality change." (248)

&gt;"[T]he data show that the family environment, ... as distinct from the unique experiences of the individual, makes only a trivial contribution to personality differences. ... If correct (and there seems little doubt about a conclusion replicated so many times, on so many large samples and using many different methods of testing and analysis), these close correlations disprove the importance of family environmental influence on personality and call into question the validity of traditional personality theories discussed by Hall and Lindzey (1970) and in personality textbooks in general." (251)
This comment made my morning. Thank you.As the author, I may be a tad biased, but I think this is the best one-stop rebuttal to the sorry parade of poorly-informed MBTI critics:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

In my experience, the likeliest reason for a Ti user to reject objective facts/data is to annoy a nearby Te user.Call me a dreamer, but I continue to hope the day will come when people stop pointing to Pittenger's uninformed, straw-manny MBTI critique (from 1993). Anybody who wants to read my discussion of just *some* of its shortcomings can find it in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=1788119&amp;postcount=30) and [this follow-up post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=1788580&amp;postcount=32).

As the author, I may be a tad biased, but I think the following l-o-n-g PerC post is the best one-stop rebuttal to the sorry parade of poorly-informed MBTI "debunkers" (including Pittenger), and it discusses a number of the issues Pittenger raises at greater length than the two older (and more Pittenger-specific) posts I linked to in my first paragraph:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study by Robert Harvey](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

And it's worth noting that Harvey specifically points to the goofy Pittenger article linked in the OP as an example of the kind of biased and poorly supported criticism of the MBTI that's been convincingly refuted by decades of respectable studies that show that the MBTI is, in Harvey's words, "on a par" with more well-respected Big Five tests.
The MBTI types most likely to match up reasonably well with culturally mainstream, stereotypically feminine, all-American girls are the SFs. It's pretty typical in my experience for NF women (especially INFs) to feel like they're "not like the other girls" in various respects — and NT women even moreso.

"Fi" is most associated with FPs, and I wouldn't say SFPs (especially ESFPs) are particularly prone to feel alienated from the "other girls."
Actually, the official MBTI folks are currently estimating that slightly less than 25% of women are T's — whereas 43% of men are F's. So it appears that F men may be considerably more common than T women.

Here's a table of [Estimated Frequencies of the Types in the U.S.](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) that also includes separate male and female frequencies.

And here's a [second table (with some supplemental breakdowns)](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp).

And here's a [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) with separate male and female percentages for the individual types and some discussion about possible skews in the samples they've used.

According to the second page, these statistics are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."
In the world of the "soft sciences" — from economics to sociology to psychology — "scientific" standards can be brought to bear to the extent feasible, but not to the extent that they can be brought to bear in the hard sciences.

The MBTI is a "scientifically" validated typology, in accordance with the standards that apply in the personality psychology field (the same standards and "methodologies" that have validated the Big Five).

If you want to read more about that, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4ougs1/what_are_peoples_thoughts_on_this_criticism_of/d4fo9sn) and the posts it links to.

Your post says "no methodology" and "scientifically worthless," but those are just meaningless, know-nothing slogans in this context. If you'd bothered to look at the [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) I linked to in my comment in this thread, you'd have seen where the data came from, not to mention some "methodological" discussion.

If you could manage to put your black-and-white thinking aside, you might come to understand that it's quite possible for those official MBTI estimates to be *far from perfect*, and at the same time *far from worthless*.

And I'd say they're probably the best-supported estimates currently available, and therefore well worth linking to in the context of this thread.

If you've got what you think is a better source, by all means, point us to it.
If it's "fudged data" you're worried about, then it's really no help if the "fudgers" also provide what they purport to be the "raw data," is it?

Meanwhile, I can't help noting that your own contribution (in this thread) is, "The split is closer to 50/50" [than 40/60] — and not only didn't you provide any "raw data," but I assume your "methodology" involved pulling your own estimate from someplace where the sun doesn't shine, amirite?

If "worthless" is "too generous a term" for those official MBTI estimates, what term do you think we should apply to your estimate?
&gt;I think I'm taking this topic way too seriously, and I'm perhaps going too deep into this subject and overthinking it. Maybe I need to go to bed...

Hopefully you've gone to bed. If you're still up, *save this comment for the morning*. I hate it when people read my comments in a bleary state, so have a heart.

I've been participating in online type-me exercises for almost seven years now, at three different MBTI forums, and I realize you're probably not going to believe me, because it sounds like you've been soaking up too much bad function-centric analysis at bad websites, but the odds that you're an ISFJ are very, very low. I'd say the reason you've consistently been typing IN on tests is because — wait for it — you're an IN. And most likely (IMHO) an INFJ. I'd be curious to hear what aspects of typical INFJ descriptions cause you to say, "Nope, that's not me."

Also, FYI, the Harold Grant function stack — that's the one that says INFJ=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se — is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks, and maybe most importantly (and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI), has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point. And in any case, trying to figure out what MBTI type you are using that function model is a really piss-poor idea.

For a long explanation of why modern Si descriptions — i.e., the ones you'll find in Quenk, Thomson, Berens and Nardi — are so different from Jung's, and are a much better match for real-life SJs than Jung's, see [this INTPforum post](http://www.intpforum.com/showthread.php?p=500988#post500988).

For a metric ass ton of input from me on S/N, see [this recent PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674), which also includes a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types and a link to the official MBTI, among other possible typing aids.

And finally, just in case you might be open to some more general input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you'll find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to.
In the Preface to *Gifts Differing*, Isabel Myers said that she was an INFP and her mother (Katharine Briggs) was an INFJ.That [S/N roundup post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) I already linked you to links to another post about the "mystical Ni" issue. I really think you should give it a look. Feeling like you're not "mystical" is no reason to think you're not an INFJ.

And as explained in [that post about "Si"](http://www.intpforum.com/showthread.php?p=500988#post500988) that I already linked you to, it really doesn't make sense for *anybody* to be typing themselves on the basis of Jung's original Si-dom description.

To repeat some of what's in the last post I linked to in my first comment...

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in the scientific approach, and Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. Myers adjusted Jung's categories and concepts so that they better fit the data she'd gathered from thousands of subjects, and by the start of the 1960s, she had a typology (and an instrument) that was respectably tapping into four of the Big Five personality dimensions — long before there really was a Big Five.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI and noted — correctly — that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by the relevant scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung included what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) in his very broad notion of what E/I involved. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (psychometrically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N. Jung said extraverts tend to subscribe to the mainstream cultural views of their time, while introverts tend to reject mainstream values in favor of their own individualistic choices. But Myers discovered that a typical ISTJ is significantly more likely to be a traditionalist than a typical (more independent-minded) ENTP. Jung said an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that it was the S/N and J/P dimensions that primarily influenced someone's attitude toward change, rather than whether they were introverted or extraverted.

And so on. The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of *dumbed down* (or more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.

What you refer to as the "Myers-Briggs or other modern descriptions" of ISFJs are generally a *much* better match for a typical ISFJ than Jung's Si-dom description. And I suspect the main reason you don't relate well to those modern descriptions is that you're an N rather than an S — which is why you're "not an extremely well-grounded person" (as you said), and you "live in your head more than the actual physical environment you're in."

That [S/N roundup post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) includes a link to profile roundups for all 16 types, from multiple sources — official and unofficial, function-centric and non-function-centric. And I'm certainly not endorsing everything in every profile. But the reason those ISFJ profiles all sound the way they do is — believe it or not — that most of the characteristics that you'll find repeated in profile after profile really are characteristics that are typically found in ISFJs.

As a final note, you apologized for your "late reply." Please *never* feel any sense of time urgency in replying to any comment of mine — or any obligation to reply at all, if you're not so moved. I've linked you to a metric ass ton of stuff, and I obviously think those posts are worth your attention, but (1) you shouldn't feel any obligation to me to read them if you're not otherwise inclined (for your own selfish reasons), and (2) to the extent that you want to look at any of that stuff, do it whenever it comfortably fits into your schedule. There's certainly no rush as far as I'm concerned.
Overall, I'd say your OP sounds like a significantly better match for INFJ than INFP.

If you're interested — and *only* if you're interested — in quite a lot of input from me on J/P, see the spoiler in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/515226-there-any-differences-all-between-intp-intj-post16465754.html#post16465754)

And if you've let anybody bamboozle you into thinking that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/298618-infjs-infps-drawn-together-post9339554.html#post9339554)

There's a well-established fifth temperament dimension that isn't included in the Myers-Briggs typology and is most often referred to as "neuroticism" (although it isn't a psychological disorder). The SLOAN variant of the Big Five labels it Emotional Stability, and refers to the two poles as Calm and Limbic. Being Limbic on that dimension tends to be associated with, among other things, anxiety/worry-proneness; emotional sensitivity/volatility; proneness to annoyance/irritation; self-consciousness; and (sometimes) depression. I'm Limbic, and it makes me less of a cucumber than some of my fellow INTJs — and some of the stuff in your OP makes me suspect you may be Limbic as well.

For more on that issue (including links to a couple tests), see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/531570-my-results-interesting.html#post16960594)

In case they're useful, here are roundups of some online INFJ and INFP profiles:

**INFJ Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INFJ.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INFJ_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INFJ.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/infjtype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/infj.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INFJ-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ_car.html)

**INFP Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INFP.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INFP_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INFP.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/infptype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/infp.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INFP-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP_car.html)

And finally, here are a couple of supplemental notes, and some additional further reading for you (but *only* if you're interested), since you say you're new to the MBTI.

First, it's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed "debunkings" of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the Myers-Briggs typology and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five. And if you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in [this l-o-n-g PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Buuut second, as mentioned in that last post, the scientifically respectable side of the MBTI is the dichotomy-centric side, rather than the "cognitive functions" (*aka* "type dynamics") side. I think the functions are what James Reynierse has rightly referred to as a "category mistake" — and if you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you'll find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to.

And in particular, I would note that the tertiary and inferior components of the forum-famous — but non-Jungian, and non-Myersian — Harold Grant function stack have virtually *no* respectable support that the HaroldGrantians can point to. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
EDIT: Oops. Sorry. I replied to this earlier this evening thinking it was a private message. Here's a proper reply...

I've been posting at MBTI forums about Jung's function model for going on seven years now, and engaged in quite a few arguments about whether Jung thought the auxiliary function would have the same attitude as the dominant or the opposite attitude. Myers granted that the great majority of Jung scholars — all but one, she said! — disagreed with her interpretation of Jung on this score, and the fact is that the notion that Jung thought the auxiliary's attitude would be the opposite of the dominant's is *all but insupportable*.

And you can read all about that [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

But in my forum experience, almost nobody has ever even *tried* to suggest that Jung thought the *tertiary* function had the same attitude as the dominant. Jung said the normal role for the tertiary function was serving as the *inferior function's auxiliary,* he referred to the tertiary and inferior functions as the "unconscious functions" (and the dominant and auxiliary as the "conscious functions"), and he said the unconscious functions all had what he called the "unconscious attitude" (which was extraverted for an introvert, and introverted for an extravert).

If you can cite me *any* passage from Jung's works where he describes the tertiary as having the same attitude as the dominant — or point me to any other respectable support for the proposition that that was Jung's perspective — I'll be surprised.

But in any case, and regardless of what Jung's perspective was or wasn't, [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to explain why, after 50-plus years of MBTI data-gathering, the Harold Grant function stack should now be considered an emperor without any clothes.
I've pointed you to a [long "S/N roundup" post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) that I made last month at PerC, and I don't know if you've read it or not, but if you have, I certainly haven't heard any significant feedback. It included a link to the official MBTI, and you haven't posted your scores. And it included brief bullet-point summaries (from official MBTI reports) of the five "facets" of S/N in the "Step II" version of the MBTI, and I suspect you'd relate significantly better to the N stuff in those summaries than the S stuff. Have you looked at those?

And there was lots of other discussion of N-vs.-S issues, and I'd be happy to back-and-forth with you on any aspect of it that you related to or didn't relate to or had questions about or whatever, but unless and until you give me more to work with — and again, (1) don't feel obligated if you've had enough of me, and (2) no rush in any case — I'm at the same place I was when I made my first post. Based on your OP (and the other stuff you've posted in this thread so far), I'd be surprised if you're an S.

And in any case, I certainly don't think it makes sense for you to be thinking you're not an INFJ because you think INFJs are "mystical," or "extremely self-absorbed," or prone to "blow up at anyone who disagrees with them," and if you look at the various INFJ profiles in the last spoiler in [this post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/828577-interesting-thoughts-about-ne-vs-ni-post27497017.html#post27497017), I think you're likely to find that the descriptions sound considerably more like you than the "INFJs" who you've been describing in this thread.
Imma quote those official MBTI scores, just in case you decide to delete them later. :P

&gt;Very Clear Introversion: 21/21  
&gt;Clear Intuition: 22/26  
&gt;Moderate Feeling: 16/24  
&gt;Clear Judging: 20/22

Honest to god, Ms. Wombats, there is nothing wrong with being an INFJ. Own your fricking N.

That's my position for the moment, and I'm going to bed.

I wouldn't say wishing you were less limbic is much of an indicator on the J/P front. I'd guess most strongly limbic people would choose to be somewhat calmer if they could.&gt; I don't know if Myers changed her mind later, but what she says in response to the Grant Model in the second page of this article is interesting: link. She suggests maybe the tertiary moves back and forth between introversion and extroversion.

Kathy Myers is Isabel Myers' son's ex-wife, and my opinion of her knowledgeability and insightfulness is nothing like high. As far as the things she claims Isabel Myers said before she died go, I think the most important quote in that article (as far as the tertiary function is concerned) is "Well, I guess I had never paid much attention to the tertiary." *To say the least.* And the biggest reason Myers never paid much attention to the tertiary is that, notwithstanding quite a lot of lip service to Jung's framings, her perspective on the typology was heavily dichotomy-centric.

And if you're interested in a lengthy discussion of Myers' dichotomy-centric perspective — and the extent to which it continues to be reflected in the more recent "Step II" version of the MBTI — you'll find it in the second half of [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=2956132#post2956132) (starting with the paragraph that begins, "Meanwhile, for anyone who thinks...").
No worries, and kudos for admitting your mistake. That's a rare occurrence in forum discussions, in my experience. ;)I suspect you're an INFP rather than an ISFP. In case you're interested, [this recent PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) has a metric ass ton of input from me on S/N, including a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types and a link to the official MBTI, among other possible typing aids. I'm guessing you'll come out IN if you take the official MBTI, and I think that's because you're an IN. (You might erroneously come out T, but that's a separate issue.)

On the artistic front, and in case you've been led to believe that ISFP is a more likely arts-oriented type than INFP, one of the issues discussed in that linked post is that the opposite is actually true. INFP is arguably the single most likely artist type (with INFJ and INTP both runner-up contenders), while ISFPs are relatively unlikely artist types. The "ISFP as artist" notion came from David Keirsey, and I think Keirsey had quite a few insightful things to say, but the ISFP=artist thing was probably his biggest mistake. For quite a lot more on that issue (stats included), see [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/163030-characteristics-frequently-associated-myers-briggs-personality-types.html#post4170517) and [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/517898-isfp-infp-post16548954.html#post16548954)

Prior to the publication of the 1998 edition of the MBTI Manual, the official MBTI folks created a "national sample" of 3,000 people that was tweaked to be a representative sample in a number of respects, and besides typing everybody, they also asked the people in the sample quite a lot of supplemental questions. And one question asked them to indicate how important 11 values were in their lives, on a scale of "Very Important," "Somewhat Important," "Somewhat Unimportant," or "Not Important." And one of those 11 values was "being creative" — and on average, 31% of the entire sample said "being creative" was "very important." But of all the 16 types, can you guess which type was the *least* likely (just 16%) to rate "being creative" as "very important"? Well, if you guessed ISFP, you are correct. (FWIW, the ENFPs were #1, with 55% of ENFPs saying "being creative" is "very important.")
Alas for poets, loving poetry is kind of a fringe thing, even among INFs. ;D

As for being a "reader," do you mean reading *books*? That's sooooooo 20th-century, no? We have the internet now.

Again, and *only* if you're interested, that first post I linked you to has lots of S/N-related descriptions, including quite a lot of stuff from the MBTI "Step II" Manual. If you end up looking at it, I suspect you'll find that you relate to more of the N stuff than the S stuff.If you were really an ISFJ, you'd change your type to INFJ as a kindly act of service to me.I forgive you.The stats I've seen suggest that an S preference and a T preference each make someone more likely to be interested in sports, and extraversion also makes a contribution if you're talking about *playing* sports (not just watching sports).

I believe ESTP may be the likeliest competitive-athlete type.

If you're interested, here's one article on the subject:

[MBTI in Sports](http://mbti-in-sports-leadership.strikingly.com)

EDIT: It has come to my attention that the authors of this article refer to the MBTI as "a 70 questions long personality test" — which is incorrect, and which leads me to suspect that they thought that either the Keirsey Temperament sorter (70 questions) or the HumanMetrics test (which used to be 72 questions) was the official MBTI.

\*Not\* impressive. I think I'm going to refrain from linking to this one in the future.
If you're open to quibbles, I'd encourage you to spell "extraversion" with an "a", for the reasons explained [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion)&gt; Speech contest winners are either FJ or TP; they extravert Feeling. They connect on an emotional level with their audience.

Is it really your view that an INTP speaker is substantially more apt to "connect on an emotional level with their audience" than an ENFP speaker?It's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed debunkings of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the Myers-Briggs typology and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Buuut contrary to what the functionistas would have you believe, and as mentioned in the PerC post, the scientifically respectable side of the MBTI is the dichotomy-centric side, rather than the "cognitive functions" (*aka* "type dynamics") side. I think the functions are what James Reynierse has rightly referred to as a "category mistake" — and if you're open to quite a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion about the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you'll find it in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to.

In particular, and speaking of astrology... it's worth noting that the tertiary and inferior components of the forum-famous — but non-Jungian, and non-Myersian — Harold Grant function stack (which you'll find in the sidebar of this very subreddit) have virtually *no* respectable support that the HaroldGrantians can point to. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
You say, "we're not doing science," but I say, "speak for yourself." As explained in my first linked post, there are hard sciences, soft sciences, and pseudosciences, and the dichotomy-centric version of the MBTI is reasonably well grounded in terms of the standards (validity, reliability, etc.) applicable in the field of personality psychology, and is arguably on a par with the Big Five in the psychometric department — as noted in the large-sample meta-review and supplemental study I cite in that post.

But as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including the one I link to in my second post), the so-called "cognitive functions" are basically nothing more than a "category mistake," and "type dynamics" belongs in the same category as the zodiac when it comes to any respectable body of evidentiary support.

I'm sorry if you don't like my tone, but as you must know if you spend much time at MBTI-related internet forums, the internet is packed with voices — of varying degrees of professed authority — peddling a mythical version of the MBTI that says that Jung's cognitive functions are what the MBTI is really about, and Myers' "dichotomies" are just a way of *testing for the cognitive functions*, and the dichotomies just deal with *superficial stuff* and/or "stereotypes," and the functions are the *deep stuff*, and on and on and on.

But as explained at length in my linked posts, that version of the MBTI's history is grotesquely at odds with the facts. Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in the scientific approach, and Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. Myers adjusted Jung's categories and concepts so that they better fit the data she'd gathered from thousands of subjects, and by the start of the 1960s, she had a typology (and an instrument) that was respectably tapping into four of the Big Five personality dimensions — long before there really was a Big Five.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung included what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) in his very broad notion of what E/I involved. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (psychometrically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N. Jung said extraverts tend to subscribe to the mainstream cultural views of their time, while introverts tend to reject mainstream values in favor of their own individualistic choices. But Myers discovered that a typical ISTJ is significantly more likely to be a traditionalist than a typical (more independent-minded) ENTP. Jung said an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that it was the S/N and J/P dimensions that primarily influenced someone's attitude toward change, rather than whether they were introverted or extraverted.

And so on. The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of *dumbed down* (or more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.

My "tone," in my scoffier references to the Harold Grant function stack, is no more disrespectful than the far more common references that are made by many HaroldGrantians every day on MBTI-related websites to Myers and the "dichotomies." And I would respectfully submit that there's an important distinction to be made between my scoffs and theirs — namely, that my scoffs are warranted.

As I said in my last comment, the notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

And maybe you don't believe in scoffing at the zodiac, but I do. And the "type dynamics" districts of the MBTI belong in the same category, and don't really deserve any more respect.
As the old saying goes, you're entitled to your own opinions but you're not entitled to your own facts. Reasonable people can disagree about whether Jung was right or wrong about various things, and there are plenty of aspects of Jung's writings where reasonable people can disagree about exactly what Jung's views were.

Buuut certain aspects of Jung's writings are clear enough that *what Jung thought* (not whether he was right or wrong) is really more of a *factual* matter than a matter of *opinion*. And [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) — which I already linked to, and which is *chock full of Jung quotes* — explains why it's really beyond dispute that Jung believed that *abstraction* (in the *fact* vs. *theory* sense) went to the heart of what it meant to be an introvert, and conversely, that being "concretistic" (and correspondingly abstraction-impaired) went to the heart of what it meant to be an extravert.
&gt;But the actual tests are pretty bad. Huge intuitive bias.

The [official MBTI folks report](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp) that approximately 27% of the general population (based on U.S. samples) comes out N on the MBTI.

If it weren't for that "huge intuitive bias" that you're concerned about, how small a minority do you think the N's would turn out to be?
It's "favorable language" if you're an N — and the great majority of people who participate in MBTI-related internet forums are N's. (About 83% of Personality Café's members are N's, for example.)

I've been involved in online type-me exercises for over six years, and I've seen lots of people's results on lots of MBTI-related tests, and it's pretty rare, in my experience, for somebody's S/N result on the official MBTI to be different from their result on typical online knockoff tests — most of which have questions that are pretty similar to the ones on the official MBTI.

And the 70% of people who choose the S responses to those official MBTI items choose them because, as far as they're concerned, that's what they call "favorable language."

&gt;If you were a teacher, would you rather teach (S) fact courses, or (N) courses involving theory?

&gt;Would you rather be considered (S) a practical person, or (N) an ingenious person?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (N) imaginative, or (S) matter-of-fact?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (S) sensible, or (N) fascinating?

&gt;Would you rather (S) support the established methods of doing good, or (N) analyze what is still wrong and attack unsolved problems?

N's have a tendency to look at those kinds of S/N items and say, ZOMG, they make S's sound sooooo boring! Who the fuck would choose the S responses to those items?!

Buuut around 70% of the U.S. population prefers the S responses to those items. Because they're S's.
Well, just as a heads-up, one or more redditors may show up and say, hey, I'm an S and I prefer the N side to all those items, neener, neener.

And they may also explain that they almost always come out N on *dichotomy*-based tests, but they finally figured out there were S's after they learned about their cognitive functions, man.

There's a technical term for those people. They're called *mistyped N's*. :p

See [this thread,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4q5toh/im_an_isfj_heres_why/) for example.
Anybody who thinks INTPs are more like ISFJs than INTJs really needs to get out more.Yeah, baby. Those INTJs and INTPs are "very incompatible" indeed. That's why "Am I INTJ or INTP?" is the most common type-me dilemma at INTJforum by a *wide* margin (and very common at the all-types forums, too): because those two types have *no cognitive functions in common* and are accordingly *easy to distinguish*.

Oh, except it's maybe worth mentioning that INTJs and INTPs only have *no shared functions* if you subscribe to the goofy Harold Grant function stack, where moving from J to P magically *flips all your functions*. That's a function stack that has *no respectable validity*, wasn't Jung's or Myers' function model, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and if you're open to some badly-needed typology rehab, you might want to have a cup of coffee and read [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/298618-infjs-infps-drawn-together-2.html#post9339554), which explains why that J/P function-flipping notion is a bunch of donkey dookie.

Among other things, you'll learn that Jung actually viewed INTPs and INTJs as having the *same four functions* (Ti-Ni-Se-Fe vs. Ni-Ti-Fe-Se) — and was apparently torn between those two types when it came to typing himself.

And Jung didn't exactly have it right, either, but the Ti-Ne-Si-Fe model is certainly no improvement.

In any case, as I said, anybody who thinks that a typical INTP is more like a typical ISFJ than a typical INTJ is clearly inhabiting a theoretical universe that bears little resemblance to good old reality.&gt; Even that post you linked merely tore down a theory, but it didn't try to rebuild a better one.

The "better theory" is the dichotomy-centric theory that Myers really subscribed to, despite too much misleading lip service to Jung.

I refer to it as the Real MBTI Model, and you can read about it in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to.

And the Real MBTI Model *includes* what's for real about cognitive function attributions — which is really no more than the *piggybacked validity* that the purported dominant and auxiliary functions get from the dichotomy combinations that they're associated with.

But the Real MBTI Model also includes all the other dichotomy combinations, and recognizes that the ones that supposedly correspond to the "cognitive functions" don't really play the special roles that the functionistas talk about.
With all due respect, jermofo, your latest comment is just a word salad.

No, no one other than you has ever pointed out to me that what I call the Real MBTI Model is "Socionics' Renin Dichotomies," and I wouldn't be surprised if no one else ever does. As explained in those linked posts, the Real MBTI Model was really Myers' model, and it represents the districts of the MBTI with all the respectable data support behind them — as Reynierse explains in ["The Case Against Type Dynamics,"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf) published in the official MBTI folks' academic journal in 2009.

And if you can point to any "Jung interpretation" of mine that's "fringey," I'll be surprised. Can you give me an example or two?
It's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed debunkings of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the Myers-Briggs typology and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g response to the shoddy article linked in the OP:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
&gt;This is your "fringe" jung interpretation.

Ain't nothing *fringey* about that Jung interpretation, amigo. Myers herself acknowledged that the vast majority of Jung scholars — all but one, she said! — subscribed to my interpretation, and [this long PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) explains why a careful reading of *Psychological Types* makes Myers' "interpretation" of Jung all but insupportable.

The fact that it's the majority view among Jung scholars (and by a wide margin) doesn't mean you can't disagree with it, of course, but you sure can't call it *fringey*.
&gt; If you want to subscribe to the strict Jungian interpretation of psychological types, you're going to find very few people within MBTI or Socionics to talk about.

There's a huge difference between saying, "this was Jung's perspective on X" and "I subscribe to Jung's perspective on X." If you think I *subscribe* to anything remotely resembling a "strict Jungian interpretation" of the types, you can't have read my posts. And among the many aspects of Jung's views that I *don't* subscribe to is his function stack.

Again, [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to describe what I refer to it as the Real MBTI Model, and it's a long ways from Jung and Socionics both.

The Socionics "quadras" are built on the Harold Grant function stack, and the shellacking I give to the Harold Grant function stack in that linked post (and the ["bogosity of the tandems" post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4486278&amp;postcount=72) linked at the end of that post) applies equally to both.

The notion that INFPs and ESTJs have MBTI-related aspects of personality in common onnaccounta they're both "Fi/Te types" and "Ne/Si types" is, not to put too fine a point on it, a steaming pile of horseshit.
&gt; the evidence to the contrary is quite overwhelming.

I hate to break it to you, but not only haven't you pointed me to any "evidence," but the sources you cite — Beebe, Thomson, etc. — are exactly the kinds of sources that Reynierse rightly notes have been operating in the Evidence Free Zone for 30 years now. As explained in Reynierse's articles, and my linked posts, the only aspects of the MBTI that have any *evidence* behind them — if by "evidence" you mean the *validity* support that puts a typology in the respectable districts of the personality psychology field — are the ones that make up what I call the Real MBTI Model.

Beebe and Thomson are both staunch Harold Grantians (and Beebe adds four "shadow" functions that take him  farther into lalaland than Grant dared to venture), and for the umpteenth time, and as explained at length in my linked posts, the correlational patterns predicted by the Harold Grant "tandems" *never freaking show up here on Planet Reality*.

So no, not only isn't there "overwhelming" evidence for the cognitive functions, there's no respectable body of evidence *at all*. The only *validity* the functions have ever had is the piggybacked validity they get from the dichotomy combinations they're associated with.

And declaring that the Real MBTI Model is "Socionics" just because one or more of the Socionics theorists acknowledges that *dichotomy combinations* have noteworthy personality characteristics associated with them is just silly. Isabel Myers thought every possible dichotomy combination could be significant, thought the SF/ST/NF/NT combinations (which bear no relation to the eight functions) were the most significant, and the 1985 MBTI Manual had a separate description for each of the 24 possible two-letter combinations. 

I'd already read Thomson (the whole book) and that Beebe article you pointed me to. And I've read Quenk and Berens &amp; Nardi and many other function-centric sources. You can trust me when I say that my take on the emperor-has-no-clothes quality of *type dynamics* isn't because I haven't been exposed to enough (evidence-challenged) sources.

You say you "don't see any of this evidence" that I keep "speaking of"? Here's my go-to post on the scientific respectability of the MBTI...

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

... and it points (directly and indirectly) to countless studies that have respectably established the validity of the dichotomy-centric side of the MBTI, as does that Reynierse article.

And as I noted in one of my linked posts...

&gt;Reynierse's articles caused quite a stir in the MBTI community, as I understand it. And all Naomi Quenk or Linda Berens or Dario Nardi or any of those other cognitive functions people needed to do to refute his assertion that the functions are just a "category mistake" — not to mention provide, at long last, some respectable support for the functions — was to go through the vast stores of *existing MBTI data* and find a respectable body of results reflecting one of those patterns (TJs/FPs on one side and TPs/FJs on the other, or SJs/NPs on one side and SPs/NJs on the other). Because if either of those patterns — which are decidedly *inconsistent* with what Reynierse calls "preference multidimensionality" (i.e., the simple additive effects of the four preferences) — ever turned up in a respectable body of MBTI data, well, that's what *validity* is all about.

&gt;And instead, as I understand it, the response to Reynierse (as far as the validity issue goes) was... \*crickets\*

And the reason the response was \*crickets\* is because the 50 years of MBTI data pools are full of "evidence" in support of the correlations associated with the Real MBTI Model, and spectacularly lacking in "evidence" in support of those HaroldGrantian "tandems" — to say nothing of Beebe's *shadow functions*.
The way science works is that theorists make theories, and then they perform studies that support their theories with evidence (or fail to support their theories).

You say I need to "take on" the "theoretical points" of the theorists you pointed me to. But pointing out that, after 30 years, their theories remain woefully unsupported by any respectable evidence is *taking them on* in the way that matters the most.

In the field of personality psychology, typologies go from being *unsupported* theories to respectably *supported* theories by establishing their *reliability* and *validity*. As the leading Big Five psychologists have acknowledged, Myers had a typology that passed muster in both departments before she died in 1980.

And Reynierse's point, and my point, is that *to this day*, virtually *all* the validity support for the MBTI remains support for the Real MBTI Model, and *only* the Real MBTI Model. There is no respectable body of studies in support of *any* aspect of "type dynamics" that goes beyond the Real MBTI Model.

The day Beebe can point to a respectable body of studies in support of his theories about the Trickster 7th function and the Daemon 8th function and all that will be the day I consider his theories worth a serious look. And unless and until that day comes — and I'm not holding my breath (and I hope you aren't either) — those theories belong in the same bin as the zodiac.
I'm not sure I understand your question. I'm saying that I have *no interest* in "addressing" a theory that John Beebe or any other typologist has pulled from somewhere the sun never shines *unless and until* they establish that it has some kind of respectable validity. Until then, as I said, it belongs in the same bin as astrology.

And again, when it comes to the Harold Grant function stack, treating it like it's a theory that *hasn't been tested yet* is ludicrous. There are 50 years of MBTI studies, correlating the MBTI types with everything under the sun, and correlational patterns that show up in those kinds of studies *are what they are*. They don't depend on what particular patterns the person performing the study might have been expecting.

And as I've previously noted, the correlational patterns that correspond to the Harold Grant "tandems" virtually *never show up*. And the fact that they've never shown up, after 50 years and all those studies, means that they really deserve to be viewed as all but *disproven* at this point.

As I said in my last comment, all the theorists who subscribe to that ridiculous model have now been "addressed" by the evidence, and their model has been found wanting.
You and I clearly disagree on how much respect Thomson deserves. I think her book is a mess, and it's certainly HaroldGrantian. Does she talk about how the tertiary and inferior can be problematic if they're not "used" correctly? She certainly does, and she also talks about how the auxiliary can be problematic if it's not "used" correctly. But none of that really puts her in a different category than her fellow HaroldGrantians.

In her view, an INFP (for example) who ends up *developing herself* in the best way possible is an INFP who ends up developing her functions in the way nature intended (Thomson views type as inborn), and therefore ends up "using" Fi, Ne, Si and yes, even her "inferior" Te, in their proper roles.

She says at one point, "Responsible contention with the fourth, inferior, function is another matter, well beyond the scope of this book." But she certainly doesn't say that the fourth function *can't* be put to positive use — and the idea that it has a tendency to be more of a troublemaker (especially earlier in life) is a view that you'll find *most* function-centric theorists (including the other HaroldGrantians) subscribing to to one degree or other.

And whether the INFP's tertiary and inferior functions are being used in a positive way or causing trouble, the functions that are in those roles are clearly Si and Te as far as Thomson's concerned. Thomson's famous "tertiary problem" (known in MBTI forumland as "dom-tert loops") hinges on the idea that an INFP is prone to get trapped in an Fi-Si combo precisely because Si is her other introverted function (after the dom), while her auxiliary and inferior functions are extraverted (Ne and Te).

Her most noteworthy idiosyncrasy, as I see it, is her "crow's nest" view of the *other four* functions — but first, that's basically just a Foreresque mess that lets her explain anything that anybody might do in at least two, if not three or four, ways; and second, I've heard that she later at least somewhat disavowed that side of her model.

And as you may recall, I offered some further thoughts in response to your linked post in [this reply](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/682434-my-cognitive-functions-infp-post22244826.html#post22244826).
If you don't want to keep getting the same answer, you need to stop asking the same question.

As a self-respecting INTJ, I'm a seeker of truth, not novelty. :p&gt; In the quotes I posted last year (from the link) she makes it very very clear that the Right-brain alternative functions and Left-brain double agent functions are a lot more conscious and reachable than the Tertiary and the Inferior. Or do you not understand the system?

It sounds like you haven't reread last year's exchange. It went on for a number of posts, and I'd suggest you go back and read them all. The reason Thomson thinks an INTJ is liable to end up in an Ni-Fi loop rather than an Ni-Ti loop is decidedly *not* that she thinks that Ti is more "reachable" than Fi.

Personality type is about *temperament tugs*, not what people are *capable* of doing to suit the circumstances. And for an INTJ (as Thomson sees it), as between Ti and Fi, it's Fi that's more liable to exert a *tug*. It's the function with some *libido* behind it, you might say. Hence the "tertiary problem," which involves the INTJ becoming mired in NiFi-land (not NiTi-land).

I agree that Thomson doesn't subscribe to the "tandem" aspect that says that Fi and Te (for example) necessarily *work together* — but unless I'm misremembering, Berens and Nardi (for example) don't talk about that much (if at all) either. But Thomson thinks that an INFP is an Fi-Te type (and an Ne-Si type) in the sense of, for example, sharing Si aspects of personality (assuming good type development) with an ISTJ that ISTPs don't — and that's the aspect of the Harold Grant stack that I'm most inclined to rail against.

As I pointed out in last year's exchange, in her description of ENFPs, Thomson notes that, "given an adequate Introverted perspective [— i.e., if the ENFP's Fi auxiliary is playing its proper role —] ENFPs use Extraverted Thinking very well. It helps them to set logical priorities and to respect the priorities of others."

And in her INP discussion, she says, "As stated in other chapters, all types use the skills their inferior function supplies, and IFPs are no exception. When their values lead them to pursue mathematics, accounting, medicine, or science, for example, IFPs are just as motivated and capable as Thinking types." She notes that the inferior Te will tend to be more problematic unless and until the IFP makes peace with extraversion by way of proper use of their auxiliary — but *assuming that happens*, she suggests that an IFP will have a certain *natural skillfulness* when it comes to Te stuff that an INFJ (as a Ti type) supposedly wouldn't. It's not that she'd say an INFJ couldn't "use" Te (from their crow's nest), but she wouldn't expect an INFJ to be supplied with the same Te "skills" that she says the INFP's inferior Te can "supply" (under the right circumstances).
There's nothing in your OP that sounds S &gt; N to me.

I suspect that the reason you generally test as INFP is that you're an INFP — and if you're interested, [this recent PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) has a metric ass ton of input from me on S/N, including a link to the official MBTI (I'd be curious to see your scores), bullet-point summaries (from official MBTI reports) of the five "facets" of S/N in the "Step II" version of the MBTI, and a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, among other possible typing aids.
&gt;I can relate a lot more to the intuitive page on the page you linked but I'm not sure how much that is because of bias.

Believe it or not, the odds that an ISFP would choose the N response to 18 out of the 26 S/N items on the official MBTI (as you did) are not that high.

And not only does that test have many years of respectable psychometric support behind it (unlike any function-based test that has ever been written), but *only 30%* of Americans who take that test come out N — so you should keep that in mind as you're reading those endless forum posts (and subreddit comments) about how *N-biased* MBTI tests supposedly are. Many an N looks at the S responses to those test items and says, "ZOMG, who would ever pick the S responses to those? No wonder there are so many fooking N's at this forum!!!" Buuut the undeniable fact is that, yes indeed, S's tend to pick the S responses to those items, and the only real "bias" on display is that the N's, understandably, have a built-in bias against those S responses — *because they're N's*.

If you're interested, you can find a little more discussion of this issue (with some sample test items) in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4qdtkt/how_could_we_make_a_better_mbti_test/d4s8o2s)
Thank you for providing us with another good example of that perennial personality forum meme, "Jeez, some of the questions on that test are sooooooo stupid!" :p

One of the assumptions behind most modern personality typologies, including the MBTI and Big Five, is the notion that someone's preferences correspond to relatively hardwired and substantially genetic dimensions of human personality that were presumably favored by evolution for reasons we may never fully understand.

The aim of personality tests is to type people as accurately as possible with respect to those dimensions. And there's nothing that says that a test item that does a psychometrically impressive job of sorting MBTI N's from S's (for example) is necessarily going to rise to anybody's idea of intellectual sophistication, or be comprised of two choices that correspond to the kind of neat logical opposition likely to please the philosophy majors in the audience.

All of the items on the current form of the official MBTI test got there by a process of elimination that started decades ago and has involved hundreds of tested items, with the survivors basically being the items that have been found to do the best job of clustering — based on thousands of tests and the psychometric standards applicable in the personality typology field — with the other items being scored for the same preference.

The MBTI Manual expressly acknowledges that, in many cases, both sides of a particular item are likely to have some appeal to any particular test-taker, and also that, in many cases, the alternative choices don't exactly make sense in terms of a *logical opposition*. As the Manual explains:

&gt;In writing items, every effort was made to make the responses appeal to the appropriate types, for example, to make the perceptive response to a JP item as attractive to P people as the judging response is to J people. The result is that responses may be psychologically rather than logically opposed, a fact that annoys many thinking types. **Item content is less important than that the words and form of the sentence should serve as a "stimulus to evoke a type response."**

And here's a little bit of what Myers said in *Gifts Differing* about the relationship of the actual underlying temperament preferences to behavior, test items and summary descriptions:

&gt;Since the more superficial aspects of type are often the easiest to report, many trivial reactions are useful for identification, but these are merely straws to show which way the wind blows. They are not the wind. **It would be a mistake to assume that the essence of an attitude or of a perceptive or judging process is defined by** its trivial surface effects or by **the test items that reflect it** or by the words used to describe it.

And I'm not saying that anybody should ever take an MBTI test result (official or otherwise) as definitive. That post I linked the OP to has a ton of other S/N-related descriptions, etc., and she indicated that she "related a lot more" to the N stuff than the S stuff, and I'd say that's arguably a better indicator than her test result. But official MBTI test results can be a good starting point, and in my experience, for people with a reasonably strong S/N preference, the official MBTI does a pretty good job of sorting the (real) S's from the (real) N's.
If you want to subscribe to a "Jungian Typology" that the "actual MBTI has essentially zero relevance to," that's your choice, but my understanding is that the OP is wondering whether she's an MBTI ISFP or an MBTI INFP.

And it may interest you to know that Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them. If Jung was still around and became aware that, 90 years after *Psychological Types* was published, somebody was inclined to ignore all the improvements that had been made to his original ideas by Myers and others and was telling people they should be typing themselves based on his original descriptions, I really don't think he'd approve.

Most importantly, as a final note, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are basically nothing more than a "category mistake," and "type dynamics" belongs in the same category as the zodiac when it comes to any respectable body of evidentiary support.

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in the scientific approach, and Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. Myers adjusted Jung's categories and concepts so that they better fit the data she'd gathered from thousands of subjects, and by the start of the 1960s, she had a typology (and an instrument) that was respectably tapping into four of the Big Five personality dimensions — long before there really was a Big Five.

Just in case you're open to a serious dose of 4th-of-July-weekend deprogramming on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you'll find it in these three INTJforum posts:

[The Real MBTI Model](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4)  
[The bogosity of the "tandems"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4486278&amp;postcount=72)  
[Why I'm a "dichotomies guy"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=2956132#post2956132)
You sound like more of an INFJ than an ISFJ to me, and I'm guessing you may be one of those people who tends to come out N on dichotomy-based tests (or when you focus on dichotomy descriptions), but has been led astray in the S/N department by bad function-based analysis.

If that's true, I say, "Own your N, mama," and I suggest you take a look at [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4pesre/why_do_online_mbti_test_tend_to_be_innacurate/d4khggo) and the posts it links to, the second of which (the PerC post) has lots of S/N-related type input that you might find useful — including a link to the official MBTI (I'd be curious to see your scores), bullet-point summaries (from official MBTI reports) of the five "facets" of S/N in the "Step II" version of the MBTI, and a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, among other possible typing aids.
You've mentioned sitting through a Michael Pierce video (my condolences :p), and referred to "Ti-Fe" and "Si-Ne" and so on, and just so you know, the so-called "function axes" derive from the Harold Grant function stack, and that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Harold Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have now stubbornly failed to show up in 50 years of MBTI data pools.

To put it more bluntly (as I am wont to do), the *function axes* are a steaming pile of donkey dookie, and just in case you're open to a serious dose of 4th-of-July-weekend deprogramming on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the bogosity of the Harold Grant function stack — the second-to-last paragraph of [the PerC S/N post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) I already (indirectly) linked you to has links to two PerC posts with quite a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion along those lines.
Introversion and extraversion were really Jung's main focus in *Psychological Types*, and he spent more time talking about the things he thought were characteristic of introverts (generally) and extraverts (generally) than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together. And in the Foreword to a 1934 edition of the book, he bemoaned the fact that too many people were inclined to view Chapter 10 (his function descriptions) as the essence of the book, while noting that he'd stuck those at the back of the book for a reason.

Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of extravert and four varieties of introvert, and in each case the attitude of the dominant function matches whether the subject is an extravert or introvert on an *overall* basis.

Jung believed that the ultimate reason there were extraverts and introverts in the first place was that extraversion and introversion represented two competing evolutionary strategies, each successful in its own way. Here's how he described them:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation. I must content myself with this broad hint. It is sufficient to note that the peculiar nature of the extravert constantly urges him to expend and propagate himself in every way, while the tendency of the introvert is to defend himself against all demands from outside, to conserve his energy by withdrawing it from objects, thereby consolidating his own position. Blake's intuition did not err when he described the two classes of men as "prolific" and "devouring." Just as, biologically, the two modes of adaptation work equally well and are successful in their own way, so too with the typical attitudes. The one achieves its end by a multiplicity of relationships, the other by a monopoly.

And the result of those evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words, introverts are wired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts are wired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

As he noted at the start of Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types*:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

And I am by no means endorsing all of Jung's specific characterizations; just pointing out that it's as inconsistent with Jung as inconsistent with Myers (not to mention inconsistent with any other well-known MBTI theorist I'm familiar with) for someone to be an *introvert* but label themselves an "E" because they think they're somehow an introvert with a *dominant extraverted function*.

You seem to be giving the ESFJ possibility serious consideration at this point, but is there really any characterization of introverts and extraverts that you can point me to where you'd say you're an extravert rather than an introvert?
You mentioned feeling a need to reply to people right away. There's *no rush* from my perspective, and those links I pointed you to are a lot to digest. Don't read them at all unless you're genuinely interested from your end, but in any case, you shouldn't feel any sense of urgency on my account.I have no idea what you're talking about, but I think you mean well, so thank you for trying to make a positive contribution.Yes, thank you, but I can't help noting that the OP had specifically referred to her own tendency to feel like she had to reply to commenters right away ("I have a weird thing where I feel like I have to reply to people instantly"), and had specifically said to me (in the comment I was replying to), "I'll need a little bit to process it all. I promise I'll give it another read though."

So I'd be inclined to say that my reply to her was more *considerate* than *condescending*, but maybe that's just my INTJ insecurity talking.
You can take the official MBTI [here.](http://www.scottmunson.info/myers)

You sound like an INF to me, and above-average on Big Five neuroticism (*aka* "Limbic").

Being Limbic tends to be associated with, among other things, anxiety/worry-proneness; emotional sensitivity/volatility; proneness to annoyance/irritation; self-consciousness; and (sometimes) depression. I'm Limbic, and it makes me less of a cucumber than some of my fellow INTJs.

It sounds to me like J/P may be the dimension where you're closest to the borderline, and if you're interested — and *only* if you're interested — in quite a lot of input from me on J/P, see the spoiler in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/515226-there-any-differences-all-between-intp-intj-post16465754.html#post16465754)

And if you've let anybody bamboozle you into thinking that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/298618-infjs-infps-drawn-together-post9339554.html#post9339554)

**ADDED:** Since posting this, I planted [this l-o-n-g comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4r2d9e/in_please_help_me_narrow_it_down/d4xwjl6) in another type-me thread. It includes a brief intro to Big Five neuroticism, and some other stuff you may find useful.
It sounds to me like you're probably an INF (and I'm leaning a bit INFJ) who's been led somewhat astray by questionable function analysis.

It's actually pretty common for people of every IN type (including INFJs and INTPs) to relate better to typical "Fi" descriptions than typical "Fe" descriptions. Dario Nardi's one of the leading cognitive functions guys (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test, but as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And as previously noted, INFJs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on. As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with the Harold Grant model expectations.

I've been involved in forum "type me" exercises for six years now, and they often include people posting their results from a variety of tests, some dichotomy-based and some function-based. And that experience has led me to conclude that, assuming someone has reasonably well-defined preferences, they're more likely to correctly type themselves using dichotomy-based tests than tests (or analysis) based on the functions. And if they've got one or more preferences that are in or near the middle, I think dichotomy-based tests are more likely to correctly indicate that situation as well.

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI test with a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you're interested, there's a link to the "Step I" version [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/469610-official-mbti-test.html) And in case you're up for taking it and are interested in some guidance with respect to the proper "frame of mind," here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.

As further discussed in [this "intro to T/F" post at INTJforum,](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4521202&amp;postcount=14) I think it's not uncommon for INFs to test as INTs, at least partly because many of the F choices on typical MBTI tests (including the official test) are choices that are more likely to appeal to SFs and EFs than INFs — and I think that's probably more true of female INFs than male INFs. I think male F's are often aware that they differ from cultural male stereotypes in ways that make them more "F-ish" than average whereas, by contrast, I think INF women who compare themselves to cultural female stereotypes — not to mention the majority of actual women — are reasonably likely to think of themselves as more T-ish than those "feeler" women (EFs, SFs and, especially, ESFs).

I also think the T-ward skew tends to be somewhat greater for INFJs than INFPs. In any case, it's certainly been my experience that it's considerably more common for an INFJ (male *or* female) to mistype as INTJ (and later conclude they're really INFJ) than *vice versa*. I think that, in some ways, it's fair to say that INFJs are both the "least F" of the F's and the "least NF" of the NFs.

So... with that as background, you can see why I think that, if we assume you're an IN (and I do), I think the fact that you've quite consistently tested "F" is a pretty good F indicator.

If you're interested — and *only* if you're interested — that INTJforum post also has a lot of additional input from me on what T/F's about.

And if you're interested — and again, *only* if you're interested — in quite a lot of input from me on J/P, see the spoiler in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/515226-there-any-differences-all-between-intp-intj-post16465754.html#post16465754)

And if you've let anybody bamboozle you into thinking that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/298618-infjs-infps-drawn-together-post9339554.html#post9339554)

Another possible point of typing confusion is that it's not uncommon for INTJs and INFJs who get exposed to function descriptions to question their type at some point because "Ni" descriptions sound too mystical or psychic or whatever, and if you ever find yourself resisting the INFJ possibility on that basis, you may want to take a look at [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/416658-new-age-enfps-infps.html#post13528274)

As a final type-related note, there's a well-established fifth temperament dimension that isn't included in the Myers-Briggs typology and is often referred to as "neuroticism" (although it isn't a psychological disorder). The Big Five/SLOAN typology labels it Emotional Stability and refers to the two poles as Calm and Limbic. Being Limbic on that dimension tends to be associated with, among other things, anxiety/worry-proneness; emotional sensitivity/volatility; proneness to annoyance/irritation; self-consciousness; and (sometimes) depression. I'm Limbic, and it makes me less of a cucumber than some of my fellow INTJs — and your OP leads me to think you're probably Limbic as well.

For more on that issue (including links to a couple tests), see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/531570-my-results-interesting.html#post16960594)

On a more general typology-related note, I've already touched on the somewhat problematic relationship between the "dichotomies" and the "functions" in the test context — but the problems with the functions really aren't limited to testing problems. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are basically nothing more than a "category mistake," and "type dynamics" belongs in the same category as the zodiac when it comes to any respectable body of evidentiary support.

Just in case you're open to a serious dose of deprogramming on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in these three INTJforum posts:

[The Real MBTI Model](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4)  
[The bogosity of the "tandems"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4486278&amp;postcount=72)  
[Why I'm a "dichotomies guy"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=2956132#post2956132)

And finally, in case they're useful, I'm going to post a reply to this reply (since I'm up against the comment length limit) with roundups of online profiles of the four IN types.
As promised, here are roundups of online profiles of the four IN types.

**INFJ Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INFJ.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INFJ_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INFJ.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/infjtype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/infj.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INFJ-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ_car.html)

**INFP Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INFP.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INFP_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INFP.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/infptype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/infp.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INFP-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFP_car.html)

**INTJ Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INTJ.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INTJ_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INTJ.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/intjtype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/intj.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INTJ-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ_car.html)

**INTP Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INTP.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INTP_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INTP.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/intptype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/intp.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INTP-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP_car.html)
Especially assuming you're an IN (probable, IMHO), you can find quite a lot of potentially relevant typing input in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4r2d9e/in_please_help_me_narrow_it_down/d4xwjl6) — including some discussion of Big Five neuroticism (which is basically what "stable" and "turbulent" are about).Does the notion that, if you've got an INTJ boy and an INTP boy growing up together, you'll be able to see the N preference but not the T preference in the INTJ boy and the T preference but not the N preference in the INTP boy sound kind of silly to you?

Well, if it does, I would respectfully suggest that the main reason it sounds silly is because it *is* silly.

Given two children who are equally introverted, or have equally strong N preferences, those two preferences are going to be equally evident, regardless of which specific type either child is — and any "type dynamics" theorist who tells you otherwise is just blowing smoke.

I suspect that just about any IN who reads this comment (assuming both preferences are reasonably definite) and who thinks back on what they were like in, say, 5th grade, is likely to agree that they were already INs by that time, regardless of whether their N function is supposedly their "dominant" or their "auxiliary."

In other news, the official MBTI Manual position is that someone's type can be "identified with a useful degree of accuracy by the Type Indicator" by the time they reach seventh grade, and that you can "effectively elicit type for students ages 7 through 12 using the *Murphy-Meisgeier Type Indicator for Children*."
Yikes. The OP makes a wiseass parody post, and an hour later, we find that no less than six redditors have replied as if it was a serious lament ("I wish I was a type that could do cool logic and intuition stuff and be uuuuuuseful..."), and the one reply that takes the OP in the spirit in which it was posted has received 3 downvotes.

Honestly. How old are you people?
Just FYI, and notwithstanding Jung's confusion on the issue, *concrete/abstract* is an S/N thing, not an E/I thing. There are concrete introverts (ISs) and abstract extraverts (ENs).

There's an item on the official MBTI that asks which word you prefer, "concrete" or "abstract" — and not only is it an S/N item, but great galloping gobs of MBTI data have firmly established that an introvert isn't significantly more likely to choose the "abstract" response than an extravert. Another S/N item asks if you'd rather teach "fact courses" or "courses involving theory" — and there again, an introvert isn't significantly more likely than an extravert to choose theory courses.

*Concrete/Abstract* is also one of the five "facets" of S/N under the *Step II* version of the MBTI.

As far as children go, Isabel Myers spent quite a lot of *Gifts Differing* talking about the differences in learning styles between S kids and N kids (in their early elementary school years), and for what it's worth, [here's a TED talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH9Zn7Glf3E) about a recent study that found that the E/I and S/N preferences had a significant impact on children's math learning styles.
Many of the functionistas who are berating you about your supposedly defective understanding of the typology don't really know what they think they know. If you'd like a different perspective that may help you understand your potential for T/F middleness better, you may want to check out these three INTJforum posts:

[The Real MBTI Model](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4)  
[The bogosity of the "tandems"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4486278&amp;postcount=72)  
[Why I'm a "dichotomies guy"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=2956132#post2956132)
As far as the "two women who had no knowledge on psychology" go, that's a grotesque mischaracterization of Briggs and Myers. But more to the point, Myers' function stack for an ENTP was Ne-Ti-Fi-Si. So Myers was certainly on board with the idea that you could have Ti and Fi both.

The function stack I suspect you're thinking of is the Harold Grant function stack, which says ENTP=Ne-Ti-Fe-Si. And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Harold Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have now stubbornly failed to show up in 50 years of MBTI data pools.

Want MOAR? Fuck yeah you do! And you can find it in these three potentially eye-opening INTJforum posts, which I hope will convince you that the MBTI has Bologna districts and non-Bologna districts, and you just need to learn which are which.

[The Real MBTI Model](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4)  
[The bogosity of the "tandems"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4486278&amp;postcount=72)  
[Why I'm a "dichotomies guy"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=2956132#post2956132)
That's not my position. As you'll see if you read the first linked post, what I call the Real MBTI Model doesn't involve "function stacks."I don't know what you mean by "find the info." Do those three links not take you to three INTJforum posts? Those are the the posts I'm talking about. And if the links are working for you but you're not interested enough to read them, that's fine, but I'm not going to repeat them here.If I had to guess just based on your OP, I'd guess INFJ.

For quite a lot of possible typing assistance, including a link to the official MBTI, links to online profile roundups for the four IN types, links to an "intro to T/F" by me, and other potentially useful goodies, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4r2d9e/in_please_help_me_narrow_it_down/d4xwjl6) and the comment that follows it.

I'm sorry, but I'm afraid they're the best I can do for you.If you've been led to believe that ISFP is a likely artist type, that's not really true. INFP is arguably the single most likely artist type, while ISFPs are relatively unlikely artist types. The "ISFP as artist" notion came from David Keirsey, and I think Keirsey had quite a few insightful things to say, but the ISFP=artist thing was probably his biggest mistake. For quite a lot more on that issue (stats included), see [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/163030-characteristics-frequently-associated-myers-briggs-personality-types.html#post4170517) and [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/517898-isfp-infp-post16548954.html#post16548954)

The official MBTI folks put out Career Reports that show the popularity for each type of "22 broad occupational categories," based on "a sample of more than 92,000 people in 282 jobs who said they were satisfied with their jobs." The sample included 4,267 INFPs and 3,230 ISFPs — so it's a big sample by personality typology standards.

Listed below are the "Most Attractive Job Families" for INFPs and ISFPs, together with a rank-order list of the 24 specific occupations that are "most attractive" to each type, based on the fact that they're "found in these occupations in much greater proportion than would be expected based on the frequency of this type in the general U.S. population."

**INFPs**

The INFP Career Report explains: "There are two major trends in the occupations that appeal to INFPs. The largest group of similar occupations is found in the arts, allowing INFPs to exercise their creativity through jobs in language and the visual and performing arts. The other major trend is that 10 of the 24 most popular occupations involve some kind of service to others, either helping them with physical or emotional problems or teaching."

The "Most Attractive Job Families" (= scores above 60) for INFPs are:

**Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media**  [100]  
—Artist, coach, musician, reporter  
**Education, Library Sciences, and Training**  [75]  
—Schoolteacher, librarian, school administrator, university faculty  
**Personal Care and Service**  [71]  
—Lodging manager, personal trainer, hairdresser, child care provider  
**Health Care Support**  [69]  
—Nurse's aide, veterinary assistant, pharmacy aide, physical therapy aide  
**Community and Social Services**  [68]  
—Community service manager, career counselor, clergy, social worker  

And the "Most Popular Occupations" for INFPs are:

1 Commercial art director  
2 Social science research assistant  
3 Psychiatrist  
4 Veterinary assistant  
5 Musician, singer, music director, composer  
6 Technical writer  
7 Writer  
8 Artist/visual artist  
9 Craft artist  
10 Graphic designer  
11 Multimedia artist/animator  
12 Home health aide  
13 Medical records technician  
14 Interior designer  
15 School counselor  
16 Landscape architect  
17 Recreational service worker  
18 Desktop publisher  
19 Pharmacy aide  
20 Vocational rehabilitation counselor  
21 Clinical/counseling/educational psychologist  
22 Mental health counselor  
23 Reporter  
24 Continuing/community education teacher

**ISFPs**

The ISFP Career Report explains: "Occupations that are most popular with ISFPs are found in a wide variety of fields in 14 of the 22 job families shown earlier in this report. Most of the occupations on the list involve some kind of hands-on, practical work with a tangible outcome. Jobs involving working with people or animals are another common theme."

The "Most Attractive Job Families" (= scores above 60) for ISFPs are:

**Health Care Support**  [100]  
—Nurse's aide, veterinary assistant, pharmacy aide, physical therapy aide  
**Architecture and Engineering**  [91]  
—Architect, surveyor, mechanical engineer, chemical engineer  
**Food Preparation and Service**  [78]  
—Chef, food service manager, bartender, host/hostess  
**Office and Administrative Support**  [78]  
—Bank teller, receptionist, clerical services, legal secretary  
**Building and Grounds Maintenance**  [75]  
—Gardener, tree trimmer, housekeeping, lawn service supervisor  
**Transportation and Materials Moving**  [66]  
—Pilot, air traffic controller, driver, freight handler  
**Personal Care and Service**  [64]  
—Lodging manager, personal trainer, hairdresser, child care provider

In 19th place (out of 22) for the ISFPs (with a job satisfaction score of 30 out of 100) is the "Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media" job family (which is #1 for the INFPs and #2 for the INFJs).

And the "Most Popular Occupations" for ISFPs are:

1 Veterinary assistant  
2 Team assembler  
3 Electrical power installer/repairer  
4 Veterinary technician  
5 General maintenance repairer  
6 Coach  
7 Nurse’s aide/orderly  
8 Telephone installer/repairer  
9 Recreation worker  
10 Driver  
11 Bookkeeper  
12 Civil engineering technician  
13 Computer operator  
14 Cashier  
15 Food preparation worker  
16 Data entry, word processing  
17 Mechanical engineering technician  
18 Data communications analyst  
19 Production worker  
20 Obstetrician/gynecologist  
21 Surveyor  
22 Air crew member  
23 Chemical technician  
24 Clerical worker

As a supplemental note: Prior to the publication of the 1998 edition of the MBTI Manual, they created a "national sample" of 3,000 people that was tweaked to be a representative sample in a number of respects, and besides typing everybody, they also asked the people in the sample quite a lot of supplemental questions. And one question asked them to indicate how important 11 values were in their lives, on a scale of "Very Important," "Somewhat Important," "Somewhat Unimportant," or "Not Important." And one of those 11 values was "being creative" — and on average, 31% of the entire sample said "being creative" was "very important." But of all the 16 types, the ISFPs were the *least* likely (just 16%) to rate "being creative" as "very important." (FWIW, the ENFPs were #1, with 55% of ENFPs saying "being creative" is "very important.")
If you're interested, [this recent PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) has a metric ass ton of input from me on S/N, including a link to the official MBTI (I'd be curious to see your scores), bullet-point summaries (from official MBTI reports) of the five "facets" of S/N in the "Step II" version of the MBTI, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, and links to some J/P-related input, among other possible typing aids.

Also: since HandsOfGrace has directed your attention to the socionics "quadras," I think it's worth mentioning that the most essential thing that distinguishes the respectable districts of the MBTI from astrology is what's known in the personality psychology field as *validity* — which is generally established by way of statistically significant correlations between a type's categories and various real-world things.

Your common sense would probably tell you that INFPs and ESTJs have no MBTI-related personality characteristics in common, since they're opposites on every dimension — but the socionics quadras are a set of typological subgroups that says that INFPs and ESTJs actually have a lot of MBTI-related personality characteristics in common.

And common sense can sometimes lead you astray, and truth sometimes turns out to be stranger than fiction and all that. Buuut in the case of the socionics quadras, it turns out that your common sense is spot on.

In psychometric terms, the socionics quadras have *no validity*. Or as I like to put it, the socionics quadras are a *steaming heap of horseshit*.

I hope this helps.

I'll do my best to break it to the CPP folks gently.&gt;Also tell them that Big 5 is much more scientifically valid if that's what they actually care about (it isn't, they care about money) and that they should stop pretending that their founder wasn't a racist.

If that "racist" charge comes from the article I suspect it does, you should be ashamed of yourself for passing that garbage along.

And separate and apart from what Isabel Myers' views were on anything, the respectable (dichotomy-centric) districts of the MBTI now have decades of data in support of their validity and reliability — and a combination of meta-review and large supplemental study in 2003 concluded that the MBTI was more or less "on a par" with the Big Five in terms of its psychometrics.

If you've got any room for facts in your "knowledge" collection, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
On the issue of supposedly *selfish* "Fi types," maybe the biggest single cause of that problem is that people who are too focused on the so-called "cognitive functions" have a tendency to lose sight of the personality characteristics associated with the dichotomies, not to mention the dichotomy combinations that aren't associated with the functions. There are lots of personality attributes having to do with interpersonal relationships and concern for others that are T vs. F things, first and foremost, rather than Fe vs. Fi things.

Here's some recycled reddshoes for you involving what Lenore Thomson — one of the more *function-centric* MBTI theorists — has to say about *common F* characteristics, and about how those manifest in ENFPs (another supposed "Fi type"):

&gt;If you want to create a portrait of an ENFP and the only F-related characteristics you include are the ones you find in typical descriptions of Fi — that is, if you leave out the common F characteristics (particularly the people/relationship-orientation) that are typical of all F's (whether Fi or Fe) — you'll end up with a very impoverished portrait. Even MBTI theorists who stress the centrality of the cognitive functions know better than to make that mistake. If you read Lenore Thomson's *Personality Type*, for example, you'll find that she devotes half a chapter to the common F and common T characteristics, concluding with a list of common F characteristics that includes "an interest in how people feel," "a commitment to social obligation, empathy, and responsibility to others," "the ability to anticipate people's needs and reactions" and "an interest in human relationships and the values they illustrate."

&gt;Describing ENFPs in particular, Thomson says: "Whether they're running a halfway house, teaching a class, mobilizing a task force, or waiting in line at the grocery store, ENFPs have a warm, empathetic approach to others, and they establish immediate affective connections. They have implicit faith in their ability to identify with people, and are often sought out by coworkers and acquaintances who have a problem to solve or need to confide in someone." As the official MBTI Manual puts it, "The ENFP's feeling preference shows in a concern for people. They are skillful in handling people and often have remarkable insight into the possibilities and development of others." Those F-related qualities of ENFPs basically reflect a combination of (1) the ENFP's common F characteristics (first and foremost, the people/relationship-orientation), and (2) the ENFP's *extraverted* approach to the world.
Sorry, Vixen_Lucina, but not only do you and I strongly disagree, but with all due respect, there's something that deserves to be called *reality* that's on my side.

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in the scientific approach, and Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. Myers made substantial adjustments to Jung's categories and concepts so that they better fit the data she'd gathered from thousands of subjects, and by the start of the 1960s, she had a typology (and an instrument) that was respectably tapping into four of the Big Five personality dimensions — long before there really was a Big Five — and that was also quite a long ways from its Jungian roots.

Jung also believed that the types were products of evolution, and largely inborn. And sure enough, twin studies have since shown that *identical twins raised in separate households* are substantially more likely to match on the Big Five and MBTI dimensions than genetically unrelated pairs, which is further (strong) confirmation that the MBTI dichotomies correspond to *real*, relatively hard-wired underlying dimensions of personality. They're a long way from being simply theoretical — or pseudoscientific — categories with no respectable evidence behind them.

Both the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae and Costa) and the psychologists working in the respectable districts of the MBTI understand that the MBTI dichotomies are tapping into four of the Big Five dimensions. There are lots of noteworthy differences in the ways the two typologies frame and characterize those dimensions — but then again, there are also lots of noteworthy differences among different Big Five subschools and (as the debates in this subreddit show) among different MBTI-related theorists.

McCrae and Costa long ago acknowledged that the Big Five might have some things to learn from the MBTI, and I think they understated the case. But that's not to say that there isn't a lot of MBTI theorizing that deserves to be called nonsense, and that is sadly lacking in what is known in the personality psychology field as *validity*.

If you're open to some possibly eye-opening deprogramming on that subject, you'll find it in these three INTJforum posts:

[The Real MBTI Model](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4)  
[The bogosity of the "tandems"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4486278&amp;postcount=72)  
[Why I'm a "dichotomies guy"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=2956132#post2956132)

S/N is a real, substantially genetic dimension of human personality, Vixen_Lucina. It's not just an arbitrary theoretical construct, where I can have my S/N and you can have your S/N, and anybody's S/N is no more true or false than anybody's else's S/N, lalala.

And in my not-so-humble opinion, and in terms of that *reality*-based personality dimension, you're an N, not an S. And that's why you consistently come out N on respectable MBTI tests. And the fact that you've bought into some reality-challenged, function-centric MBTI subschools is the reason for the typing confusion that you've been posting about.
I'd just like to put in a plug for this thread:

[Extraversion &gt; extroversion](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion/)I'd say INFJ is the best match for what's in your OP.

If you're interested, [this recent PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) has a metric ass ton of potential type-related input for you, including a link to the official MBTI (I'd be curious to see your scores), a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension (which I think may be relevant to you), and quite a lot of potential input for you on S/N and J/P if you feel uncertain about either of those dimensions.
Again, that linked post includes a link to the official MBTI, and it's really the only test with a lot of respectable psychometric support behind it. That's not to say it always types people correctly, but its results can be pretty good indicators, particularly when the scores aren't very close to the borderline.&gt;Your personality type is: INFJ  
&gt;...  
&gt;Moderate Introversion: 14/21  
&gt;Clear Intuition: 22/26  
&gt;Moderate Feeling: 18/24  
&gt;Moderate Judging: 16/22

There ya go. Not *definitive*, because you should never assume that the results of any particular test — including the official MBTI — are necessarily correct. But as I told you, I think INFJ is the best match for your OP, and you subsequently noted that you've tested INFJ before.

Again, I've linked you to a post with a lot of potential type-related input for you — including on Big Five *neuroticism*, and it sounds to me like you're above-average in that department (as I am). If you end up reading any of the stuff in that post — and only read it if you're interested, and *no rush* in any case — and you have any questions or follow-up issues, I'll be around.
Just so you know, and as further explained in [this long PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/567730-dominant-function-groups-post18143018.html#post18143018) Jung's function model was substantially different from Myers — and for all the introverted types, which dominant (and inferior) function corresponds to which MBTI type is different, depending on whether you're talking about Myers' model or Jung's model.

For Jung, the first great divide between the types was the E/I divide — but the second one was the divide between the "rational types" (the J-doms) and the "irrational types" (the P-doms), and Chapter X of *Psychological Types* is organized accordingly. And if you read through *Psychological Types* looking for two-kinds-of-people-in-the-world descriptions that seem to line up reasonably well with the MBTI J/P dimension, you'll mostly find them in Jung's descriptions of the J-doms and P-doms. Jung said P-doms "find fulfilment in ... the flux of events" and are "attuned to the absolutely contingent," while J-doms seek to "coerce the untidiness and fortuitousness of life into a definite pattern." He said a J-dom tends to view a P-dom as "a hodge-podge of accidentals," while a P-dom "ripostes with an equally contemptuous opinion of his opposite number: he sees him as something only half alive, whose sole aim is to fasten the fetters of reason on everything living and strangle it with judgments."

So... faced with a guy who'd type INTJ in terms of the MBTI, Jung would have said that he was dealing with an introverted "rational type" (J-dom), and therefore a Ti-dom, and that his inferior function was Fe. So it really makes no sense for HandsOfGrace to be quoting *Jung's* description of "inferior Se" and associating it with MBTI INTJs. As further detailed in that linked post, and contrary to HandsOfGrace's match-ups, Jung's "Si-doms" were MBTI ISPs, his "Fi-doms" were MBTI IFJs, and his "Ni-doms" were MBTI INPs.

That's arguably the single biggest reason why, as one example, and as explained at length in [this INTPforum post,](http://www.intpforum.com/showthread.php?p=500988#post500988) modern "Si" descriptions bear so little resemblance to Jung's — and are more like the *opposite* of Jung's description in several ways.
You sound like an INF to me, and I wouldn't say your OP gave me much of a lean on J/P. Maybe a little bit P.

If you're interested, [this recent PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) has a metric ass ton of potential type-related input for you, including a link to the official MBTI (I'd be curious to see your scores), a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension (which I think may be relevant to you), and quite a lot of potential input for you on S/N and J/P if you feel uncertain about either of those dimensions.
If by "Ni-ish," you mean mystical or psychic or something along those lines, that linked post actually includes a link to another post about that very issue.

My I, N and J are all strong, but I swear I am not a flake. ;)That's one of the reasons ENTP is probably the quintessential entrepreneurial type.

INTJs are more risk-averse.STJs and STPs both.

And SPs aren't all that resistant to authority. Moreso than SJs (the quintessential built-for-hierarchy types), but less so than NJs and (especially) NPs.Is that a serious question? As I just told a PerC poster *yesterday*:

&gt;You should never assume that the results of any particular test — including the official MBTI — are necessarily correct, and the MBTI Manual instructs administrators of the test to have a follow-up discussion that includes reading the profile, looking at other possibilities (depending on what the test subject says), and etc.
You're a bit of a toughie. I wouldn't be surprised if you're pretty close to the borderline on both S/N and J/P, but I think you're a mild N, and maybe a mild P. So InFp is my first choice, and InFj (or maybe InFx, if you believe in that possibility) as my second choice.

And just in case you're interested, I'd say you're another good candidate for [this recent PerC post of mine,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) which has a metric ass ton of potential type-related input for you, including a link to the official MBTI (I'd be curious to see your scores), a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension (which I think may be relevant to you), and quite a lot of potential input for you on both S/N and J/P — including the perennial *mystical, schmystical* "Ni" issue, and the "Can I haz INFx" issue.
I'm actually moving up. It was -5 at one point.

I assume it's the S/N Stereotype Police putting me in my place.It was a smug smile. Just sayin'.Below are membership stats for Personality Café and Typology Central. For each type, the first percentage is the percentage of that type at the forum, the second percentage (in parentheses) is the estimated "general population" percentage from the official MBTI folks (from [this page](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm)), and the final number on the right is the self-selection ratio for that type — i.e., the ratio of the forum percentage to the general population percentage.

**November 2014 membership stats for Personality Café**:

INFJ — 9133 — 15.7%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.5  
INTJ — 7307 — 12.6%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.0  
INFP — 11865 — 20.4%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.6  
INTP — 7825 — 13.5%  (3.3%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 3709 — 6.4%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.0  
ENTJ — 1681 — 2.9%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.6  
ENFJ — 1904 — 3.3%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFP — 4915 — 8.5%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.0  
ISTP — 1926 — 3.3%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.6  
ISFP — 1986 — 3.4%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.4  
ISTJ — 2094 — 3.6%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.3  
ESTP — 635 — 1.1%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISFJ — 1374 — 2.4%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESFP — 620 — 1.1%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 573 — 1.0%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 542 — 0.9%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1

**November 2014 membership stats for Typology Central**:

INFJ — 1782 — 16.1%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.7  
INTJ — 1437 — 13.0%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.2  
INTP — 1958 — 17.7%  (3.3%) — ssr: 5.4  
INFP — 2016 — 18.2%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 781 — 7.0%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.2  
ENTJ — 298 — 2.7%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.5  
ENFP — 1156 — 10.4%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFJ — 321 — 2.9%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.2  
ISTP — 304 — 2.7%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.5  
ISFP — 256 — 2.3%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISTJ — 278 — 2.5%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESTP — 100 — 0.9%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.2  
ISFJ — 181 — 1.6%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFP — 84 — 0.8%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 74 — 0.7%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 65 — 0.6%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.05

Looking at the PerC stats (the larger sample): 62% of the members are INs (as compared to 11% of the general population), and 83% of the members are N's (as compared to 27% of the general population).

Every S type has a self-selection ratio of 0.6 or lower, and no N type has a self-selection ratio below 1.0. And the *lowest* self-selection ratio for the IN types is *13 times higher* than the *highest* self-selection ratio for the ES types.

The stats suggest than an average MBTI IN is something like *40 times more likely* than an average MBTI ES to join a personality-related internet forum.

And the stats for Typology Central are strikingly similar to the ones for PerC.

Buuut among the *general population (US)*, S/N is actually the only MBTI dimension where the overall (male and female together) percentages aren't close to 50/50, and the skew is in the S direction. Less than 30% of people come out N, according to official MBTI statistics. And I don't buy the idea that there's a big N skew in "online tests." I've been participating in type-me exercises for over six years now — including seeing lots of people's results on the *official* MBTI — and it's rare, in my experience, for an MBTI forum member to come out N on HumanMetrics or one of the other unofficial online tests and come out S on the official MBTI.

The OP asked, "People want to be intuitives. Why?" And my answer would be that, at *MBTI-related websites*, the main reason most people favor more N-related perspectives and characteristics is that, you know, they're N's.

But out there in the wider world, scary though it might seem, not just a majority, but a *two-to-one majority*, consists of people who favor the S side of these sample items from the official MBTI:

&gt;If you were a teacher, would you rather teach (S) fact courses, or (N) courses involving theory?

&gt;Would you rather be considered (S) a practical person, or (N) an ingenious person?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (N) imaginative, or (S) matter of fact?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (S) sensible, or (N) fascinating?

&gt;Would you rather (S) support the established methods of doing good, or (N) analyze what is still wrong and attack unsolved problems?

N's have a tendency to look at those kinds of S/N items and say, ZOMG, they make S's sound sooooo boring! Who the fuck would choose the S responses to those items?!

Buuut around 70% of the U.S. population prefers the S responses to those items. Because they're S's.

And there's nothing wrong with that, dammit.
Near the top of the right sidebar, there's a box for you to edit your flair.I didn't even realize the posts had any flair.

I still don't, to be totally honest.On the one hand, nobody should ever assume that the results of any particular test — including the official MBTI — are necessarily correct, and the MBTI Manual instructs administrators of the test to have a follow-up discussion that includes reading the profile, looking at other possibilities (depending on what the test subject says), and etc.

On the other hand, I think that, in many cases, reasonably clear results on one or more dimensions on the official MBTI (especially) shouldn't be dismissed too lightly. The odds that someone who chooses the N side of, say, 20 of the 26 S/N items on the official MBTI is a mistyped S are not very high, and are lower than you often hear from function-centric people who've been misled to believe that the *dichotomies* are relatively trivial things, or that tests are pretty much just bullshit or whatever.

Again, though, I don't think anybody should ever stop at the test. And honestly, if somebody isn't going to be doing a fair amount of reading up on what the types are like, what was the point in taking a test in the first place, right?
&gt;Then why are you telling Lucina that she has to be an INFP?

&gt;And do you actually expect me to read everything you post everywhere? Stay consistent, don't pull weak arguments out of your butt whenever it's convenient in order to mess with a community that is totally fed up at you for it.

I'm not telling anybody they have to be anything. She's been asking for type input, and I've been giving her my $0.02 on what I think her type is, and I've been explaining why I view her that way in terms of what my perspective is on the typology, and she's free to ignore my views or ponder my views, and agree with me or disagree with me, and so are you.

That's not "messing with the community"; that's participating in the community. It doesn't become "messing with the community" just because you don't like my perspective.
You're not alone, bro. And it may interest you to hear that Isabel Myers actually wasn't too big on the functions, either. Or rather, that she was mainly a believer in *four* functions (S, N, T and F) rather than *eight* functions. And that a guy named James Reynierse has recently published a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), in which he has (rightly) concluded that the so-called "cognitive functions" are basically nothing more than a "category mistake." When it comes to the kind of *validity* that makes a personality typology worth an intelligent person's attention, "type dynamics" belongs in the same category as the zodiac.

It may also interest you to know that the Harold Grant function stack — that internet-famous one that says that an INFP is Fi-Ne-Si-Te — is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Harold Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have now stubbornly failed to show up in 50 years of MBTI data pools.

If you'd be interested in quite a lot of discussion about the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the bogosity of that Grant function stack — you may want to check out these three INTJforum posts:

[The Real MBTI Model](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4)  
[The bogosity of the "tandems"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=4486278&amp;postcount=72)  
[Why I'm a "dichotomies guy"](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=2956132#post2956132)
&gt; This is based on the assumption that personality is based off something you do, and there's nothing under that that forms the basis for why you do the things you do. In other words, you could type robots this way and they'd just as much have personality in the deepest sense of the word as people. If you don't think this is fatally shallow and misses the point, then there's really nothing anyone can really do to convince you.

Typical dichotomy-centric framings of the MBTI, no less than function-centric framings, are based on the idea that the relevant categories correspond to relatively hardwired, substantially genetic, evolutionarily-crafted dimensions of human temperament that *influence* behavior in countless ways, but are not the behavior itself.

You're arguing with a straw man, not the OP.

As long as we're chatting...

You say you're "sticking with Jung," but the function stack over in the sidebar of this subreddit (the one the OP specifically objected to) isn't Jung's model.

What function stack do you subscribe to?
You clearly haven't read my linked posts. I'm not sure who you think you're debating, but it isn't me.

The dichotomy-centric MBTI framing (which was essentially Myers' perspective) is not a *behaviorist* perspective. It simply frames the underlying components in a different way, and in a way that has been repeatedly *validated* by 50 years of correlational studies *not* because its components are *superficial*, but rather because its components correspond to what's really going on underneath.

Just like nobody's ever been able to find any significant aspect of human personality that correlates well with people's zodiac signs, there's no respectable body of support for the idea that INFP's have "Si" aspects of personality that they share with ISTJs, and that ISTPs (as "Se" types) don't share with ISTJs.

And the reason the tertiary-function aspect of the Harold Grant function stack can't be validated isn't because it's just *whoa, too deep, man*. It's because it's horseshit. There are *no* MBTI-influenced aspects of personality that INFP's share with ISTJs that ISTPs don't share with ISTJs. Because the actual, all-the-way-deep-down, underlying aspects of human temperament that the MBTI is tapping into correspond to the Real MBTI Model (as described in that first linked post), and to the extent that any function-based model is inconsistent with that, it's also inconsistent with reality.
Let the record reflect that relativezen refused to disclose what function stack he believes in, because he said it would *bog him down*.&gt;I can't say this without sounding condescending, but you're just on a lower level of abstraction and you're trying to punch up at that which you don't understand

Jung himself explained that abstract thinkers were somewhat prone to come up with theories that they thought corresponded to reality — because they "clothed" them with "facts," as Jung put it — but that turned out to just be fantasies. And Jung was very much in favor of testing abstract theories scientifically to the extent feasible, and specifically wrote that his "scientific conscience" obligated him to develop his personality typology in a sufficiently verifiable way to be able to "satisfy the needs of science."

And if I may be allowed to "punch up" once again, I can't resist noting that you and I are both pretty far in the "abstract" zone, but the difference is that I'm keeping a significantly better eye on the actual correspondence of my abstract model with the facts — which is known in the personality psychology field as *validity* — than you are.
Reddiquette says you're not supposed to downvote comments because you disagree with them, but as you probably know, that's not the way a lot of the residents use the downvote feature.

Given the dominant school of groupthink in this subreddit, if you're talking about the typology at the theoretical level, and you're not getting plenty of downvotes, it probably means you're doing it wrong. ;)
&gt;Actually, MBTI separates from Jung and I support Jung in that all functions after the dominant have the opposite nature of the dominant. That means that INTP is actually Ti-Ne-Se-Fe and ISFP is Fi-Se-Ne-Te.

Actually, as explained at length [here,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) Jung's function stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe.

As noted in the linked post, Jung viewed Ti-Ne-Se-Fe as what you might call the *default* (most inborn) state of affairs — with all three functions other than the dominant not only oriented in the other direction, but also more or less fused together in the unconscious. Assuming the person ended up differentiating a second function sufficiently to serve the dominant in the *auxiliary* role (and Jung said that was typical), then he envisioned that it would end up being predominantly conscious, and would accordingly reflect what Jung called the "conscious attitude" (e.g., introverted for an introvert). Jung referred to the dominant and auxiliary functions, in that more typical configuration, as the "conscious functions," and the tertiary and inferior functions as the "unconscious functions" — in contrast, again, to the default stack that you described, in which Jung said all three functions other than the dominant would be unconscious.
To his face or behind his back?You sound like an INF to me, and I've got a mild P lean.

If you're interested, [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) has a metric ass ton of potential type-related input for you, including a link to the official MBTI (I'd be curious to see your scores), a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension (which I think may be relevant to you), and quite a lot of potential input for you on S/N and J/P if you feel uncertain about either of those dimensions.
[Here's a comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4r2d9e/in_please_help_me_narrow_it_down/d4xwr06) with roundups of online profiles for the four IN types.

Even in cases where I object to a significant chunk of the theoretical framing that a particular MBTI source subscribes to (e.g., Berens and Nardi's function stack), it's usually the case, when you're looking at one of the reasonably well-known sources, that the descriptions of what the types are actually like are mostly pretty decent — and where they err, those errors can be mitigated by reading several sources' profiles of any particular type the subject might be considering.
If you're interested — and *only* if you're interested — in quite a lot of input from me on J/P, see the spoiler in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/515226-there-any-differences-all-between-intp-intj-post16465754.html#post16465754)

And if you've let anybody bamboozle you into thinking that INTJs and INTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INTx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/298618-infjs-infps-drawn-together-post9339554.html#post9339554)
The idea that the Big Five is substantially superior to the MBTI in the test/retest reliability department is a canard that pops up regularly on the internet, and claims to that effect are often accompanied by statistics that confuse retest rates on *single dimensions* with retest rates for a complete four-letter type.

For example, I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

It's probably also worth noting that if you assume that most or all of the MBTI and Big Five dimensions exhibit something like a normal distribution, and if you assume (accordingly) that a large portion of the population is in or near the middle on at least one dimension, and if you add to that the *many* potential sources of error in self-assessment personality tests — from the fact that personality type is a relatively young science and psychologists are quite a long ways from nailing down exactly what the temperament dimensions consist of, to flaws in particular tests (including items that tap into more than one dimension), to multiple kinds of misunderstanding and other human error on the part of the individuals taking the test — it would strain credibility if the test-retest statistics for *any* personality typology didn't indicate a significant percentage of cases where *at least one* of the dimensions came out with a different preference on retesting. And *one* letter change is all it takes to constitute an MBTI retest "failure."
&gt;  His definition of F leaves out emotionality as a metric.

In a 1931 article (later included in the Collected Works edition of *Psychological Types*) where Jung confessed, "I freely admit that this problem of feeling has been one that has caused me much brain-racking," Jung also summarized thinkers and feelers in these terms:

&gt;I was struck by the fact that many people habitually do more thinking than others, and accordingly give more weight to thought when making important decisions. They also use their thinking in order to understand the world and adapt to it, and whatever happens to them is subjected to consideration and reflection or at least subordinated to some principle sanctioned by thought. Other people conspicuously neglect thinking in favour of **emotional factors**, that is, of feeling. They invariably follow a policy dictated by feeling, and **it takes an extraordinary situation to make them reflect**. They form an unmistakable contrast to the other type, and the difference is most striking when the two are business partners or are married to each other.

In her first two paragraphs, Julie Moore offers this capsule history of what Jung thought, and what Myers and Briggs added to it:

&gt;Jung ... observed that there were two basic mental functions; while some people preferred to spend more time taking in information (Perceiving), others preferred to spend more time making decisions (Judging). Jung also recognized that those same people seemed to be energized in two different ways. Some drew energy from the external world (Extraversion), whereas others were energized by their own internal world (Introversion). ...

&gt;To Jung’s original theory, Myers and Briggs recognized that people take in information in two ways–preferring to focus on the basic information taken in (Sensing), or interpreting and adding meaning to the information (Intuition). They also identified two different approaches to decision-making. While some people made decisions by first looking at logic and consistency (Thinking), others first considered the people and any special circumstances at play (Feeling).

Not to put too fine a point on it, this is ridiculous.

S and N as two ways of perceiving and T and F as two ways of judging were part of Jung's theory. And Jung didn't really frame E/I in terms of how people were "energized." And so on.

Nobody's who's this ignorant about Jung and the changes Myers and Briggs made to his original ideas has any business creating MBTI-related web pages.

It's also worth noting that Ms. Moore endorses using the MBTI as part of hiring decisions, whereas the official MBTI position is that it's *unethical* to use the MBTI in connection with hiring, firing, job placement or promotions, as well as unethical to *require* any employee to take the MBTI for any purpose. (More [here](http://www.myersbriggs.org/myers-and-briggs-foundation/ethical-use-of-the-mbti-instrument/ethical-guidelines.asp) and [here.](https://www.mbticomplete.com/contents/faq.aspx#faq14))
It's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed "debunkings" of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the Myers-Briggs typology and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five. And if you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in [this l-o-n-g PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

Buuut as also discussed in the PerC post, the scientifically respectable side of the MBTI is the dichotomy-centric side, rather than the "cognitive functions" (*aka* "type dynamics") side. I think the functions are what James Reynierse has rightly referred to as a "category mistake" — and if you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you'll find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to.

And in particular, I would note that the tertiary and inferior components of the forum-famous — but non-Jungian, and non-Myersian — Harold Grant function stack have virtually *no* respectable support that the HaroldGrantians can point to. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
That video is a joke, and you can find my l-o-n-g response to the shoddy *Vox* article it's based on — along with a much better perspective on the scientific status of the MBTI — in the first link in [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/50elej/convince_me_that_mbti_is_scientifically_valid/d73ny0g)It's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed debunkings of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the Myers-Briggs typology and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Buuut contrary to what the functionistas would have you believe, and as mentioned in the PerC post, the scientifically respectable side of the MBTI is the dichotomy-centric side, rather than the "cognitive functions" (*aka* "type dynamics") side. I think the functions are what James Reynierse has rightly referred to as a "category mistake" — and if you're open to quite a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion about the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you'll find it in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to.

In particular, and speaking of astrology... it's worth noting that the tertiary and inferior components of the forum-famous — but non-Jungian, and non-Myersian — Harold Grant function stack (which you'll find in the sidebar of this very subreddit) have virtually *no* respectable support that the HaroldGrantians can point to. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
&gt; extroversion (in Jungian theory) has nothing to do with social desires

Testify, peppermint-kiss! reddit's readers are certainly fortunate to have well-read experts like you around to let the n00bs know they "don't really have any understanding of the theory at all."

Well, actually, and for *your* information, Carl Jung viewed extraversion/introversion as the most fundamental division underlying his types, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the personality characteristics he thought extraverts tended to have in common and introverts tended to have in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

And here he is describing extraverts and introverts:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

Jung believed that extraversion and introversion were products of evolution, and had evolved to produce two contrasting sets of behaviors, with introverts hardwired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; and extraverts hardwired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

Now, it's true that Jung assigned *too many* aspects of personality to E/I, but he was right to view E/I as a multifaceted dimension, and Myers also recognized that.

For a longer introduction to E/I that does more justice to its multifacetedness (and also features a larger collection of Jung quotes on E/I and sociability), see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/451858-shy-extroverts-support-thread-post14529626.html#post14529626)

And if you want to read the descriptions of the five E/I "facets" in the Step II version of the MBTI (from the Step II Manual) — which also reflect a substantial association between extraversion and sociability — you can find those in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2505745)
You're very welcome, and as a niggly follow-up, I'm moved to note that the angels in Typology Heaven will be happier if you spell "extraversion" with an "a", for the reasons explained [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion)Contrary to the notion that a function-centric perspective offers more richness and depth than a (properly framed) dichotomy-centric perspective, and as James Reynierse has rightly pointed out (in ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), it's actually the dichotomy-centric perspective that's richer and more flexible.

Myers spent quite a lot of *Gifts Differing* talking about aspects of personality that corresponded to any number of dichotomy *combinations*, including the combinations that purportedly correspond to the cognitive functions. But it's worth noting that she really didn't treat the function-related combinations as if they had any special significance — and in fact, Myers thought the most meaningful preference combinations were ST, SF, NT and NF (each of which includes four types with *four different dominant functions*).

In any case, though, any deep, true thing that can be said about a (supposed) Ti-dom, for example, can just as well be said about an I_TP. If you're looking for a *limiting* framework, give a listen to any of the large number of MBTI forumites whose posts indicate that the MBTI "letters" really don't say much about anyone, and that INTJs and INTPs have little in common — because I and N and T (and the IN and NT and IT combinations) pretty much just correspond to trivial "surface" stuff. *There's* the limiting and impoverished perspective if you ask me. And it certainly isn't a Jungian perspective. Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

And as for the aspects of the "cognitive functions" framing that go beyond (or are inconsistent with) what I like to call the Real MBTI Model: those are the aspects that have no respectable body of data behind them, and have instead tended to be *contradicted* by the data on those rare occasions when they've been put to the test — an issue Reynierse also discusses in that linked article. Anybody who talks about "Si" aspects of personality that ENFPs supposedly have in common with ISTJs — and that ISTPs (as "Se types") *don't* have in common with ISTJs — is talking about an aspect of the most popular functions model that has no more respectable validity than the zodiac.

I think the functions are what Reynierse has rightly referred to as a "category mistake" — and if you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you'll find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this INTJforum post](http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?p=5279256&amp;postcount=4) and the posts it links to.

A function-centric perspective doesn't really add *depth* to the Real MBTI Model, but it typically adds quite a lot of *nonsense*.

Not necessarily, and I'm happy with research being pursued using either framework. The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa) long ago acknowledged that each typology might have things to learn from the other, and I think they understated the case.

I talk about that issue in the [Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961) post that I already linked to.
Anybody who's been led to believe (most likely by piss-poor internet sources) that ISFP is a more likely arts-oriented type than INFP is hereby notified that the opposite is actually true — and not by a small margin. And N is the biggest factor — also not by a small margin. And that's really not a matter on which *everybody's entitled to their own opinion, man*. It's more in the nature of a fact.

INFP is arguably the single most likely artist type (with INFJ and INTP both runner-up contenders), while ISFPs are relatively unlikely artist types. The "ISFP as artist" notion came from David Keirsey, and I think Keirsey had quite a few insightful things to say, but the ISFP=artist thing was probably his biggest mistake. For quite a lot more on that issue (stats included), see [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/163030-characteristics-frequently-associated-myers-briggs-personality-types.html#post4170517) and [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/517898-isfp-infp-post16548954.html#post16548954)

Prior to the publication of the 1998 edition of the MBTI Manual, the official MBTI folks created a "national sample" of 3,000 people that was tweaked to be a representative sample in a number of respects, and besides typing everybody, they also asked the people in the sample quite a lot of supplemental questions. And one question asked them to indicate how important 11 values were in their lives, on a scale of "Very Important," "Somewhat Important," "Somewhat Unimportant," or "Not Important." And one of those 11 values was "being creative" — and on average, 31% of the entire sample said "being creative" was "very important." But of all the 16 types, can you guess which type was the *least* likely (just 16%) to rate "being creative" as "very important"? Well, if you guessed ISFP, you are correct. (FWIW, the ENFPs were #1, with 55% of ENFPs saying "being creative" is "very important.")

Hopefully needless to say, personality type is about *tendencies and probabilities*, so it's pretty much always inappropriate to say "X type *always* does that" or "X type *never* does that." I'm sure virtually every kind of artistic pursuit includes at least a smattering of participants of every possible type. But if the question is which types have the greatest "propensity for artistry" (as the OP put it), any source that claims that ISFPs are the quintessential artists — or that S's are more artistically inclined than N's — is a source that's very much at odds with over 50 years of MBTI and Big Five data.
Those two linked posts talk about lots of stats/correlations between N and *the arts*, not just "being creative."

Did you read them?If you're interested — and *only* if you're interested — in quite a lot of input from me on J/P, see the spoiler in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/515226-there-any-differences-all-between-intp-intj-post16465754.html#post16465754)

And if you've let anybody bamboozle you into thinking that INTJs and INTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INTx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/298618-infjs-infps-drawn-together-post9339554.html#post9339554)

In case they're useful, here are roundups of some online INTJ and INTP profiles:

**INTJ Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INTJ.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INTJ_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INTJ.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/intjtype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/intj.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INTJ-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTJ_car.html)

**INTP Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/INTP.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/INTP_content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/INTP.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/intptype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* (abridged))](http://webspace.webring.com/people/cl/lifexplore/intp.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/INTP-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INTP_car.html)

And here are a few supplemental notes, and some additional further reading for you (but *only* if you're interested), since it sounds like you're relatively new to the MBTI.

First, it's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed "debunkings" of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the Myers-Briggs typology and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five. And if you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in [this l-o-n-g PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Buuut second, as mentioned in that last post, the scientifically respectable side of the MBTI is the dichotomy-centric side, rather than the "cognitive functions" (*aka* "type dynamics") side. I think the functions are what James Reynierse has rightly referred to as a "category mistake" — and if you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you'll find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122) and the posts it links to.

And in particular, I would note that the tertiary and inferior components of the forum-famous — but non-Jungian, and non-Myersian — Harold Grant function stack have virtually *no* respectable support that the HaroldGrantians can point to. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

As a final note, the official MBTI is really the only MBTI test with a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you're interested, there's a link to the "Step I" version [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/469610-official-mbti-test.html) And in case you're up for taking it and are interested in some guidance with respect to the proper "frame of mind," here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.
&gt; My question is as such. Why play the psychometric angle? That to me is a poor argument for MBTI. Big 5 in particular has plenty of subscales that measure different traits and isn't just the five main scales. For example, look at this chart and notice how the Five Factor Model can offer predictions on personality disorders. MBTI only has four scales compared to the five factor model's thirty. To compare them is a joke. Sure you could say that there is some correlation between the five dimentions and the four dichotomies but much of it is weak and doesn't take into consideration the subscales.

You're misinformed when it comes to the differences between the MBTI and the Big Five.

There's no question that the MBTI lacks the Big Five's *neuroticism* dimension, but as discussed at some length in [this l-o-n-g PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961) when it comes to the four dimensions that the two typologies share, the MBTI can point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

And the Step II version of the MBTI has five facets for each dimension, comparable to the Big Five's six-facets-per-dimension — although I don't think either typology is really in a position (at this point) to say they've come very close to nailing things down at the facet level.

In any case, though, the issue I raised for purposes of this thread wasn't differences between the MBTI and Big Five, but rather the major difference between the respectable districts of the MBTI and the so-called "cognitive functions." 
Virtually all the misinformation in your post is addressed in those linked posts of mine (with citations) that you obviously couldn't be bothered to read.

Thanks for playing, tho.

And keep following your man Nardi if you want to. He's definitely going big places with those "cognitive functions" and that laughable Harold Grant function stack.

No version of the MBTI is "hard science," but the parts of it that can make a claim to scientific respectability within the inherent limitations of personality typology aren't Nardi's districts. And as you'd know if you'd read those linked posts of mine, the notion that the MBTI is just a "poor man's Big Five" (minus one dimension) is more a reflection of academic bias (since the MBTI was developed outside the academy) than a reflection of substantial differences in psychometric quality.

The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa) have acknowledged that each typology may have things to learn from the other, and they're right.

And no, the "entire purpose" of the MBTI isn't to "measure Jungian types." Mystical streak notwithstanding, Carl Jung was a believer in the scientific approach, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in a way that Jung never had, and in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. And as discussed at some length in my linked posts (and the posts they link to), it's reasonably clear that Myers, despite quite a bit of lip service to Jung and the functions, understood that the dichotomies were the essential components of Jungian/MBTI type, and also that dichotomy *combinations* were associated with many noteworthy aspects of personality — but that there was nothing particularly special about the combinations that are purportedly associated with the functions. In fact, Myers thought of NF/NT/SF/ST as the most significant dichotomy combinations — and it's worth noting that each of those groups is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

Myers' many years of data gathering demonstrated that Jung had gotten quite a lot wrong in terms of the ways in which many of the aspects of personality he described actually cluster in real people. As McCrae and Costa have explained:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

And those scientifically respectable "indices" Myers produced were the *dichotomies*, rather than the functions. Or rather, you might say that Myers' psychometrically valid categories included the *four* functions, but not the *eight* functions — and with the four so-called "perceiving" and "judging" functions really being the two sides of two of the MBTI dichotomies.
In case you're interested, [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/839530-isfj-vs-isfp-post27798674.html#post27798674) has a metric ass ton of input from me on S/N, including a link to the official MBTI, bullet-point summaries (from official MBTI reports) of the five "facets" of S/N in the "Step II" version of the MBTI, and a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, among other possible typing aids.

On the artistic front, and in case you've been led to believe that ISFP is a more likely arts-oriented type than INFP (and it sounds like you have), one of the issues discussed in that linked post is that the opposite is actually true. INFP is arguably the single most likely artist type (with INFJ and INTP both runner-up contenders), while ISFPs are relatively unlikely artist types. The "ISFP as artist" notion came from David Keirsey, and I think Keirsey had quite a few insightful things to say, but the ISFP=artist thing was probably his biggest mistake. For quite a lot more on that issue (stats included), see [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/163030-characteristics-frequently-associated-myers-briggs-personality-types.html#post4170517) and [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/517898-isfp-infp-post16548954.html#post16548954)
I suspect you'll find some useful information and links about INTJs vs. INTPs — not to mention some larger MBTI-related issues — in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/57yrfl/p_or_j/d8wko6m/)Actually, the CAPT has put all the issues of the JPT online for everyone to access.

[Here's the link.](http://capt.booksys.net/opac/ibml/index.html#search:0:ExpertSearch?ST0=L&amp;SortDescend=1&amp;SF0=jpt&amp;timestamp=1474308252772&amp;sortBy=Bibliographic.SortCopyright)As a general rule, it's better to be knowledgeable than to be ignorant, and there are hardly any exceptions to that rule.

And as another general rule, it's better not to be arrogant, buuut you can sometimes get away with being arrogant if you really know your shit.

But just about the worst thing a forum poster can do is *combine* arrogance and ignorance — and that's why our buddy cjENTusBLAZE gets today's *BIG OLD OOPSIE* award.

@cjENTusBLAZE —

It's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed debunkings of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the Myers-Briggs typology and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about that, and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — including (yes!) the "Barnum" charge — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
&gt; Myers and Briggs came up with the function stack we know today.

I'm sorry, but if by "the function stack we know today," you mean the one that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te and INFJ=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, that stack (more appropriately referred to as the "Harold Grant function stack") is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

hURBalicious's instincts are warning him that the *function stacks* may have little more respectable validity than biblical doctrines, and that speaks well for his instincts, but the scope of his misgivings is somewhat narrower than it ought to be. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and anyone open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122) and the posts it links to.

The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

Harold Grant was an obscure religious writer (and Jung devotee) who declared, in *Image to Likeness: A Jungian Path in the Gospel Journey* (1983), that the attitude of the tertiary function should be viewed as the *same* as the dominant — a change which, when combined with Myers' adjustment to the auxiliary, resulted in the familiar (to internet forumites) model that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te.Although I'm very much an introvert, I'm determined to have you and everyone else join me in spelling "extraversion" with an "a" — like Jung did! and Myers did! — for the reasons described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion/).

Thank you.&gt; Extraverts get their bearing and morality from the world. If everyone says A is good, then A is good.

If you think an ENTP is more likely to exhibit an "If everyone says A is good, then A is good" attitude than an ISTJ, then you're in tune with Jung's take on E/I, but you're out of tune with reality.It sounds like you might have misunderstood me. The spelling that Jung used, and Myers used, and that is generally used in the more respectable districts of personality psychology, is "extrAversion."

As Jung (who coined the term) explained, "extrOversion" is "bad latin."I realized you were thanking me, but thought you might have misunderstood me because I was confused (as it turns out) by the fact that you concluded your comment with "I now used extrOversion" (having earlier noted that you had "initially ... thought it was extrAversion").

But now I get that you were saying that you initially used extrAversion, then switched to extrOversion, but are now *switching back* to extrAversion.

For which I thank you.

And also: misunderstanding you gave me an excuse to throw in that "bad latin" quote. ;)It doesn't really make sense to wish that more people "knew" something that isn't true.

Longer comment on the way...[Part 1 of 2]

Although it's true that there's considerably *more* to E/I than the shy/outgoing stuff, Jung certainly viewed introverts as the shy folks and extraverts as the outgoing folks, and it's a mistake to go too far in the direction of disconnecting that facet from E/I. But it's also important to remember that Jung said more people were essentially in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted, and there's no reason to think there aren't plenty of *mild* introverts who are reasonably outgoing. (I suspect extraverts who are notably shy may be a somewhat rarer creature.)

Jung viewed extraversion/introversion as the most fundamental division underlying his types, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the personality characteristics he thought extraverts tended to have in common and introverts tended to have in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

And Jung believed that the ultimate reason there were extraverts and introverts in the first place was that extraversion and introversion represented two competing evolutionary strategies, each successful in its own way. Here's how he described them:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation. I must content myself with this broad hint. It is sufficient to note that the peculiar nature of the extravert constantly urges him to expend and propagate himself in every way, while the tendency of the introvert is to defend himself against all demands from outside, to conserve his energy by withdrawing it from objects, thereby consolidating his own position. Blake's intuition did not err when he described the two classes of men as "prolific" and "devouring." Just as, biologically, the two modes of adaptation work equally well and are successful in their own way, so too with the typical attitudes. The one achieves its end by a multiplicity of relationships, the other by a monopoly.

And the result of those evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words, introverts tend to be "reserved, ... rather shy people," with "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts tend to be "open" and "sociable," with "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

And for Jung, the psychodynamic mechanism behind introversion involved a projection of negative unconscious contents by the introvert onto the people and things of the external world, which in turn caused the introvert to falsely perceive that those people and things were charged with negative energy (libido), which in turn caused the introvert to feel threatened by those people and things, and fear them, and mount a defense which took the form of, among other things, (1) avoidance, and (2) a process of "abstraction" by which the introvert reduced people and things to their abstract qualities, thereby (as Jung explained) "withdrawing libido from the object ...  to prevent the object from gaining power over him."

So as Jung saw it, the cognitive turning-inward that "cognitive function" aficionados like to emphasize *and* the fearful/defensive attitude toward other people that Jung also viewed as part of introversion were *both* (and equally) second-order results of the introvert's projection of negative unconscious contents onto the people and things of the external world.

Here's a collection of quotes that should leave no doubt in anybody's mind that, as far as Jung was concerned, whether someone's an extravert or an introvert has quite a lot to do with whether they'll tend to be "shy" or "outgoing."

First quote (from the Introduction to *Psychological Types*):

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, **rather shy people** who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, **sociable**, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

Second quote (from *Psychological Typology*, a 1936 article):

&gt;[The introvert] holds aloof from external happenings, does not join in, has a distinct dislike of society as soon as he finds himself among too many people. In a large gathering he feels lonely and lost. ... He is not in the least "with it," and has no love of enthusiastic get-togethers. **He is not a good mixer.** What he does, he does in his own way, barricading himself against influences from outside. **He is apt to appear awkward, often seeming inhibited**, and it frequently happens that, by a certain brusqueness of manner, or by his glum unapproachability, or some kind of malapropism, he causes unwitting offence to people. His better qualities he keeps to himself, and generally does everything he can to dissemble them. He is easily mistrustful, self-willed, often suffers from inferiority feelings and for this reason is also envious. His apprehensiveness of the object is not due to fear, but to the fact that it seems to him negative, demanding, overpowering or even menacing. He therefore suspects all kinds of bad motives, has an everlasting fear of making a fool of himself, is usually very touchy and surrounds himself with a barbed wire entanglement so dense and impenetrable that finally he himself would rather do anything than sit behind it. ...

&gt;For him self-communings are a pleasure. His own world is a safe harbour, a carefully tended and walled-in garden, closed to the public and hidden from prying eyes. His own company is the best. He feels at home in his world, where the only changes are made by himself. His best work is done with his own resources, on his own initiative, and in his own way. ...

&gt;His relations with other people become warm only when safety is guaranteed, and when he can lay aside **his defensive distrust**. All too often he cannot, and consequently the number of friends and acquaintances is very restricted.

Third quote (from Ch. 6 of *Psychological Types*):

&gt;The [introvert's] personality seems inhibited, absorbed or distracted, "sunk in thought," intellectually lopsided, or hypochondriacal. **In every case there is only a meagre participation in external life and a distinct tendency to solitude and fear of other people**, often compensated by a special love of animals or plants. ...

&gt;The [introvert's] sudden explosions [of emotion], alternating with defensiveness and periods of taciturnity, can give the personality such a bizarre appearance that such people become an enigma to everyone in their vicinity. Their absorption in themselves leaves them at a loss when presence of mind or swift action is demanded. Embarrassing situations often arise from which there seems no way out—one reason the more for shunning society. Moreover the occasional outbursts of affect play havoc with their relations to others, and, because of their embarrassment and helplessness, they feel incapable of retrieving the situation. This awkwardness in adapting leads to all sorts of unfortunate experiences which inevitably produce a feeling of inferiority or bitterness, and even of hatred that is readily directed at those who were the actual or supposed authors of their misfortunes. ... They have a peculiar emotional sensitivity, revealing itself to the outside world as **a marked timidity and uneasiness** in the face of emotional stimuli, and in all situations that might evoke them. This touchiness is directed primarily against the emotional conditions in their environment. All brusque expressions of opinion, emotional declarations, playing on the feelings, etc., are avoided from the start, prompted by the subject's fear of his own emotion, which in turn might start off a reverberating impression he might not be able to master. This sensitivity may easily develop over the years into melancholy, due to the feeling of being cut off from life.

[You'll find a fourth Jung quote (and more) in Part 2 of this comment...]
[Part 2 of 2]

Fourth quote (also from the above-mentioned 1936 article):

&gt;Extraversion is characterized by interest in the external object, responsiveness, and a ready acceptance of external happenings, a desire to influence and be influenced by events, **a need to join in and get "with it,"** the capacity to endure bustle and noise of every kind, and actually find them enjoyable, constant attention to the surrounding world, **the cultivation of friends and acquaintances, none too carefully selected**, and finally by **the great importance attached to the figure one cuts, and hence by a strong tendency to make a show of oneself**. Accordingly, the extravert's philosophy of life and his ethics are as a rule of a highly collective nature with a strong streak of altruism, and his conscience is in large measure dependent on public opinion. Moral misgivings arise mainly when "other people know." His religious convictions are determined, so to speak, by majority vote. ...

&gt;The disinclination to submit his own motives to critical examination is very pronounced. He has no secrets he has not long since shared with others. Should something unmentionable nevertheless befall him, he prefers to forget it. Anything that might tarnish the parade of optimism and positivism is avoided. Whatever he thinks, intends, and does is displayed with conviction and warmth. ...

&gt;The psychic life of this type of person is enacted, as it were, outside himself, in the environment. **He lives in and through others**; all self-communings give him the creeps. Dangers lurk there which are better drowned out by noise. If he should ever have a "complex," **he finds refuge in the social whirl** and allows himself to be assured several times a day that everything is in order. Provided he is not too much of a busybody, too pushing, and too superficial, he can be a distinctly useful member of the community.

Myers and Briggs, in turning Jung's theory into the MBTI typology, viewed E/I as multifaceted (as Jung had), including various elements normally associated with shyness and sociability. In *Gifts Differing*, Myers noted that introverts tend to be "subtle and inpenetrable, often taciturn and shy." She also said (again echoing Jung): "Intense and passionate, they bottle up their emotions and guard them carefully as high explosives." And the MBTI Manual warns administrators of the test that "Introverts can be expected to be particularly concerned with privacy issues." In discussing counseling introverts, the MBTI Manual notes that "sessions with introverted clients often have long pauses ... while the introvert clarifies what has been said internally, or gains the courage to test another idea on the counselor."

The MBTI Manual is full of charts showing the results of various studies that have been done over the years that have found statistically significant correlations between the MBTI dimensions and other personality measurements. MBTI extraversion correlates positively with traits like "affiliation," "sociability," "social presence," "exhibition," "gregariousness," "expressed affection" and "talkativeness," while MBTI introversion correlates positively with traits like "controlled," "social introversion," "reserved," "shy," "defendance" and "infavoidance" (avoidance of embarrassment).

Whether you're looking at MBTI sources that focus primarily on the four dichotomies (and combinations thereof) or MBTI sources more focused on the "cognitive functions," the E/I descriptions generally include some elements of shyness and sociability in the mix (along with other characteristics). Four of the entries on Kroeger &amp; Thuesen's summary 10-word list of extraverted characteristics are "sociability," "interaction," "multiple relationships" and "gregarious." Keirsey's type test includes questions like, "Do you think of yourself as (a) an outgoing person or (b) a private person?", "At work do you tend to (a) be sociable with your colleagues or (b) keep more to yourself?", and "Are you inclined to be (a) easy to approach or (b) somewhat reserved?" And Lenore Thomson characterizes extraverts as "outgoing," and introverts as "reserved" and "private."

It's important to keep in mind, though, that when most people think of a "shy" person, I'd say they're substantially more likely to be thinking of somebody in a relatively small minority consisting of the *shyest* 20% (or 10% or something) of the population, whereas *introverts*, as measured by the MBTI, make up around half the population, and it's generally thought — consistent with both Jung's and Myers' perspectives — that they include a relatively wide range of preference *strengths*, from mild introverts to strong introverts. (Jung, for what it's worth, thought more people were essentially in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted.)

So... depending on where somebody wants to draw the line in terms of who's a "shy" person, it could easily be the case that they wouldn't consider the majority of introverts "shy" — but that's not to say that most shy people probably aren't introverts, or that *mild* introverts aren't significantly more likely to be *mildly* shy/reserved/private than their mildly extraverted counterparts.

Another complicating factor when it comes to sociability is that *both* E/I and T/F have a significant impact, on average and all other things being equal, on somebody's propensity to engage in social activity, with EFs being the most social, ITs the least, and ETs and IFs in between. (And as long as I'm rambling, I'd say male/female and S/N can also, each in its own way, have some influence on someone's social propensities, with the result that I'd be inclined to peg female ESFs as the likeliest social butterflies and male INTs — like me — as the likeliest MBTI candidates for hermithood.)

As a final note, there's a well-established fifth temperament dimension that isn't included in the Myers-Briggs typology and is often referred to as "neuroticism" (although it isn't a psychological disorder). The Big Five/SLOAN typology labels it Emotional Stability and refers to the two poles as Calm and Limbic. Being Limbic on that dimension tends to be associated with, among other things, anxiety/worry-proneness; emotional sensitivity/volatility; proneness to annoyance/irritation; self-consciousness; and (sometimes) depression. I consider myself Limbic, and I'd say the self-consciousness and anxiety-proneness that come with that make me more "shy" than I would be if I was the same degree of introverted but below-average in neuroticism.
Isn't that kind of like saying, "Yo, people, fire is about *oxidization*; it's not remotely about flames and heat"?

As Wikipedia aptly notes, Jerome Kagan "defined two types of temperament; inhibited and uninhibited. Inhibited refers to a shy, timid, and fearful profile of a child, whereas uninhibited refers to the appearance of bold, sociable and outgoing behaviours."All that *how you present yourself* vs. *how you think* hoohah is mostly just functionista propaganda, amigo.

The dichotomies, believe it or not, are the *real*, substantially-genetic, selected-by-evolution building blocks of your type — and by that I mean your type in all its *internal* depths.

By contrast, and as James Reynierse has rightly pointed out in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and if you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122) and the posts it links to.
It sounds like you didn't read my linked post, which explains why you have things backwards. It's the dichotomy-centric framing that's more consistent with a spectrums perspective, and the Harold Grant function stack that deserves the charge of oversimplified, reality-challenged pop psychology.

And that's explained at some length in that linked post (and the posts it links to), if you're ever up for reading it. You have nothing to lose but your groupthink.

ADDED: As one quick example: if an INTJ has a strong T preference and a middlish N preference, T will tend to have a greater influence on their personality than N. That kind of "complexity and nuance" (as you put it) is consistent with the Real MBTI Model, but not the "rigid" (your word again) dictates of *function stacks* and *type dynamics*.

But as Reynierse rightly notes in that article (published in the official MBTI journal) that I previously linked you to, flexibility shortcomings and oversimplification aren't the most serious charge that can be leveled against "type dynamics." The biggest problem with type dynamics is that, after 50 years, it still can't point to any more respectable evidentiary support than the zodiac.Those patterns look familiar... but especially because of the S/N lopsidedness in the general population, stats like that are a lot more meaningful if you convert them to *self-selection ratios*.

Below are membership stats for Personality Café and Typology Central. For each type, the first percentage is the percentage of that type at the forum, the second percentage (in parentheses) is the estimated "general population" percentage from the official MBTI folks (from [this page](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm)), and the final number on the right is the self-selection ratio for that type — i.e., the ratio of the forum percentage to the general population percentage.

**November 2014 membership stats for Personality Café**:

INFJ — 9133 — 15.7%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.5  
INTJ — 7307 — 12.6%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.0  
INFP — 11865 — 20.4%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.6  
INTP — 7825 — 13.5%  (3.3%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 3709 — 6.4%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.0  
ENTJ — 1681 — 2.9%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.6  
ENFJ — 1904 — 3.3%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFP — 4915 — 8.5%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.0  
ISTP — 1926 — 3.3%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.6  
ISFP — 1986 — 3.4%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.4  
ISTJ — 2094 — 3.6%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.3  
ESTP — 635 — 1.1%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISFJ — 1374 — 2.4%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESFP — 620 — 1.1%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 573 — 1.0%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 542 — 0.9%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1

**November 2014 membership stats for Typology Central**:

INFJ — 1782 — 16.1%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.7  
INTJ — 1437 — 13.0%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.2  
INTP — 1958 — 17.7%  (3.3%) — ssr: 5.4  
INFP — 2016 — 18.2%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 781 — 7.0%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.2  
ENTJ — 298 — 2.7%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.5  
ENFP — 1156 — 10.4%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFJ — 321 — 2.9%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.2  
ISTP — 304 — 2.7%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.5  
ISFP — 256 — 2.3%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISTJ — 278 — 2.5%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESTP — 100 — 0.9%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.2  
ISFJ — 181 — 1.6%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFP — 84 — 0.8%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 74 — 0.7%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 65 — 0.6%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.05

Looking at the PerC stats (the larger sample): 62% of the members are INs (as compared to 11% of the general population), and 83% of the members are N's (as compared to 27% of the general population).

Every S type has a self-selection ratio of 0.6 or lower, and no N type has a self-selection ratio below 1.0. And the *lowest* self-selection ratio for the IN types is *13 times higher* than the *highest* self-selection ratio for the ES types.

The stats suggest than an average MBTI IN is something like *40 times more likely* than an average MBTI ES to join a personality-related internet forum.

And the stats for Typology Central are strikingly similar to the ones for PerC.

And nooooooo, kids, contrary to what you may have heard from mistype-conspiracy-theorists, those strongly lopsided ratios do *not* mostly reflect the impact of a massive swarm of forum S's who've mistyped themselves as N's. What they reflect is the same dramatic impact of type on *what kinds of thing somebody's likely to be interested in* as the fact that Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all — can you guess? — INs.
That PerC sample is a 58,000-member sample, jermofo. That's a very big sample indeed. And as I hope you know, when you're dealing with correlational stats, the larger the sample, the more meaningful dramatically lopsided results are — because the probability that it's just a random, flukey outlier sample goes way down.

Are there mistypings? Of course there are mistypings. But if you want to assume that the magnitude of those mistypings could be sufficiently ginormous to mean that the 40-to-motherfucking-1 ssr ratio between IN's and ES's doesn't really reflect some relatively dramatic degree of lopsidedness between IN's and ES's, then you'd *also* have to assume that it's much, much, much more common for an extraverted forumite to mistype as an introvert than *vice versa*, and much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much, much more common for an S forumite to mistype as a N than *vice versa*.

And hey, to my credit, I warned my readers about mistype-conspiracy-theorists, and yeah, baby, here you are — that noted *empiricist* jermofo ;)
&gt;pseudo-science like this

You're misinformed, truth-seeker.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and it's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed dismissals of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the pseudoscience bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
"An increase in sample size does not increase the accuracy of the study"?

Well, "accuracy" isn't quite the right word, but...

If you flip a penny 10 times and it comes up heads 8 times, it could very well be a penny with a 50% chance of coming up heads that just happened to come up heads 80% of the time on that round.

If you flip a penny 1000 times and it comes up heads 800 times, you may rest assured that you've got a funny penny on your hands.

If the ratio of IN ssr's to ES ssr's in a 200-subject sample is 40-to-1, you could potentially hope to explain that away without having to twist yourself into a pretzel to accomplish it, especially if they're subjects who've typed themselves in an uncontrolled variety of ways.

Buuut if the ratio's 40-to-1 in a *58,000-subject sample* and you want to claim that there are a bunch of, uh, *extenuating circumstances* that could mean that hell noes, IN's really aren't substantially more likely than ES's to be interested in personality, then you should be prepared to look foolish in the process.

And it's important to stress that it would be fair to say that IN's are *substantially more likely to be interested in personality* if the ssr ratio was just, say, 8-to-1. So you could twist yourself into a pretzel and sound tin-foil-hatty and convince somebody that the lopsidedness was only a fifth as great as those stats indicate (8-to-1 rather than 40-to-1) and... so what?

I don't care if it's 40-to-1 or 25-to-1 or 8-to-1, and I certainly wasn't presenting those stats to show everybody, hey, folks, it's 40-to-1 (rather than 25-to-1 or 8-to-1).

I presented those stats to demonstrate that given the very large sample size, and given the huge lopsidedness, you'd probably have to be wearing some kind of ideological blinders to think it's even *remotely* likely that IN's aren't — shall I say it again? — *substantially more likely to be interested in personality* than ES's.
&gt; Plus, Lenore Thomson is an ESTP from what I've read. She does seem to have a non-Ne biased description of Ti. Her Se-Ti perspective is a big reason why that I am an advocate of Thomson and EJArendee.  We need these perspectives.

Lenore Thomson [types herself INTJ](http://www.infjorinfp.com/docs/SpatialQuizPt2.htm) — but hey, what does she know? If you think she's got one of those distinctive "Se-Ti" perspectives, I'm sure she must have.&gt;That only applies to the dichotomy approach as a separation method, whereas most people here put their emphasis on the cognitive functions. The dichotomies are banal, anyone can make fairly obvious categories, create a test as a separation method and find consistent patterns in the data, it's just not interesting. It's valid as a separation method, not as a theoretical model, and so far there just haven't been much interesting research done (to my knowledge at least) utilizing MBTI as a separation method, unlike the Big 5.

Assuming I'm understanding you correctly, your "separation method" concept is nonsense.

When the "types" being "separated" tend to share *multifaceted groups of characteristics* that "cluster" together robustly (by psychometric standards), and especially when it turns out that *identical twins raised in separate households* are substantially more alike with respect to those characteristics than less genetically-similar pairs, you know you're not dealing with an arbitrary set of categories.

"It's just not interesting"? Speak for yourself.

And meanwhile, on the "theoretical model" front, once you've established which categories are the *real* ones that were presumably selected for by thousands (or millions) of years of evolution, any theoretician is then free to go about speculating as to what all the reasons were for each dimension, and to propose additional qualities that may be tied into any dimension (or constitute some *essential quality* of each dimension) and that can be explored by way of further studies.

There's no need for the categories themselves to have derived from a "theoretical model" in the first place (although they can), and there can be advantages to just going where the data takes you. The MBTI is a mix in that regard. Jung came up with a theoretical model that, besides putting quite a few characteristics in the wrong slots, also posited systematic relations between the dimensions that aren't supported by the data. But as explained in that linked post, Jung — mystical streak notwithstanding — was a believer in the scientific approach, and Isabel Myers devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in a way that Jung never had, and in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. And the reason the MBTI typology ended up being as "valid" (as the psychometricians say) as it is is that she ultimately (for the most part) went where the data took her, and made the appropriate adjustments to Jung's original model.

And there's been over 50 years of "interesting research done" on the MBTI. And what's more, as also discussed in the linked post:

&gt;For an ordinary person looking for a typology to help them understand how the personality components that the MBTI and Big Five tap into ... combine to form multiple relatively distinct personalities, and looking for rich descriptions of those personalities, I don't think there's any question that the Big Five can't really compete with the MBTI. There's no Big Five equivalent of Jung's *Psychological Types* or Myers' *Gifts Differing* or Keirsey's *Please Understand Me* or any of the other reasonably well-regarded MBTI sources that are aimed at non-academics. And yes, the descriptions in those kinds of Jungian/MBTI sources go well beyond the kinds of limited descriptions that can (at least arguably) be backed by one or more peer-reviewed studies — but unless and until the day comes when a lot more studies have been done, I think anyone who simply dismisses all those less-than-fully-"scientific" sources is missing out on a lot.

&gt;And maybe the most important point to stress on the "MBTI vs. Big Five" issue is that, for an ordinary person, there's really no need to *choose* one or the other. Assuming that the real underlying temperament dimensions that the MBTI is dealing with (in its imperfect way) are the same as four of the dimensions that the Big Five is dealing with (in its imperfect way), I don't see any reason not to look to respectable Big Five sources *and* respectable MBTI sources (as I do) for interesting data and possible insights into the nature of those dimensions.
If "Nardi's work" is your idea of "interesting research," you and I are working with different definitions of that term.

In a 1990 article ("Review of Research on the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator." Perceptual &amp; Motor Skills, 70, 1187) in which John B. Murray concluded that the MBTI's "indices of reliability and validity have been extensively investigated and have been judged acceptable," Murray noted that over 1500 studies had been included in the second edition of the MBTI Manual back in *1985*. And the current version of the Step I Manual (1998) discusses the results of many, many more studies — and it's 18 years out of date in that regard.

And no, it's far from a comprehensive roundup (and there are other sources of study results available from the CPP), but on the other hand, for a non-academic looking for a single source with that kind of roundup, can you point to a Big Five source that fills the bill as well? 

Are *more* Big Five studies being done than MBTI studies? That's my understanding, and as noted in my linked post, that's at least partly because of the bias that Harvey discusses against typologies that are developed outside the hallowed halls of academia.

But as I've already said, there's no need to *choose* between the MBTI and the Big Five. At bottom, they're essentially tapping into four of the same underlying dimensions of human personality, and I'm keeping my eye on both.
The vast majority of the research discussed in the MBTI Manuals is research geared toward understanding what people of X type are like, not "building/testing the model itself."

Now you know.If a study finds that being high in Openness correlates with X, how does that not add to the understanding of Openness and X both?

And MBTI correlational studies are the same.

Also: if you assume — as McCrae and Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists) do, and as I do — that the MBTI is essentially tapping into the same actual (substantially genetic) underlying dimensions of personality as four of the Big Five, then a study involving one or more of those dimensions using *either* typology's test is essentially a study that meaningfully bears on the nature of those dimensions under *both* typologies.

And McCrae and Costa acknowledged that way back in 1990, when they suggested that fellow Big Five typologists could benefit from reviewing the long history of MBTI correlational studies for insight into the corresponding Big Five dimensions. As they explained:

&gt;Translation of the MBTI indices into the common language of the five-factor model makes it possible to assimilate the extensive empirical literature on the MBTI. For example, dozens of occupations have been classified with respect to the frequency of MBTI preferences (Myers &amp; McCaulley, 1985). Intuitive
types are disproportionately found in such occupations as artist, writer, and psychologist, whereas sensing types choose vocations such as farmer, mechanic, or clencal worker. When the SN index is interpreted as a measure of Openness to Experience, these data provide valuable replications of other work linking Openness to vocational preferences (Costa, McCrae, &amp; Holland, 1984).

And I hope you didn't miss that reference to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature." And this was back in 1990.
[**Part 1 of 2**]

The NF/NT/SJ/SP foursome came from David Keirsey, who's probably most famous for his view that each of those groups has characteristics in common (and differs from the other three groups) to an extent that significantly exceeds the other possible two-letter groupings.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/147485-everybody-wants-n-9.html#post3753492) Keirsey really started out as (and largely remained, through *Please Understand Me II*) an MBTI guy, but liked to frame his famous foursome as if it also carried on a grand, historical four-type tradition. But the purported match-ups he pointed to between his MBTI-based types and various older foursomes were often pretty strained.

I've long thought that the right way to read Keirsey is as a guy who had a lot of good insights into the MBTI types (and a talent for bringing them to life on the page) — including interesting (although not always correct) things to say about his favored two-letter combinations — but without buying into his view that there was something truly fundamental about the NF/NT/SJ/SP carve-up.

Isabel Myers was a big believer that there were lots of noteworthy aspects of personality associated with *combinations* of preferences, and the 1985 MBTI Manual (which she co-authored) included brief descriptions of *every possible two-letter combination*. But NF/NT/ST/SF was Myers' favored foursome, and I can't resist noting that it's a carve-up of the types that *totally ignores* the so-called "cognitive functions." (Each of Myers' four groups consists of types with *four different dominant functions*.)

Myers explained why she thought NF/NT/ST/SF was the most meaningful way to group the types in *Gifts Differing*. She said:

&gt;Each of these combinations produces a different kind of personality, characterized by the *interests, values, needs, habits of mind, and surface traits that naturally result* from the combination. Combinations with a common preference will share some qualities, but each combination has qualities all its own, arising from the *interaction* of the preferred way of looking at life and the preferred way of judging what is seen.

&gt;Whatever a person's particular combination of [S/N and T/F] preferences may be, others with the same combination are apt to be the easiest to understand and like. They will tend to have similar interests, since they share the same kind of perception, and to consider the same things important, since they share the same kind of judgment.

Keirsey didn't think much of Myers' S groups. In explaining how he got from Myers to NF/NT/SJ/SP, he said:

&gt;I soon found it convenient and useful to partition Myers's sixteen types into four groups, which she herself suggested in saying that all of what she referred to as the "NFs" were alike in many ways and that all four of the "NTs" were alike in many ways — although what she called the "STs" seemed to me to have very little in common, just as the "SFs" had little in common.

Which brings me to a little study that I haz performed...

The official MBTI folks put out Career Reports that show the popularity for each type of "22 broad occupational categories," based on "a sample of more than 92,000 people in 282 jobs who said they were satisfied with their jobs." That's a *large* freaking sample by personality typology standards, and it included 5,830 ISFJs, 11,410 ISTJs, 3,230 ISFPs, 5,114 ESTPs, 4,321 ESFPs and 12,019 ESTJs.

To give you an indication of the nature of the stats, here are the "Most Attractive Job Families" (job satisfaction scores of 60-100) for the ESFPs:

**Health Care Support**  [100]  
—Nurse's aide, veterinary assistant, pharmacy aide, physical therapy aide  
**Food Preparation and Service**  [99]  
—Chef, food service manager, bartender, host/hostess  
**Personal Care and Service**  [91]  
—Lodging manager, personal trainer, hairdresser, child care provider  
**Office and Administrative Support**  [70]  
—Bank teller, receptionist, clerical services, legal secretary  
**Sales and Advertising**  [62]  
—Sales manager, real estate agent, insurance agent, salesperson  
**Building and Grounds Maintenance**  [60]  
—Gardener, tree trimmer, housekeeping, lawn service supervisor

And again, there are 22 categories in all.

I don't have a full set of those Career Report stats, but I have them for the six S types previously mentioned, and it occurred to me to wonder whether the occupational preferences of SJs tend to be more alike than the occupational preferences of STs (as Keirsey's perspective would arguably lead you to believe) or *vice versa* (more in line with Myers' perspective).

So I decided to calculate what you might call the *total distance* between the job choices of those six S types by totaling the 22 differences in job satisfaction ratings. And here are the results:

ISFJ vs. ISTJ (both SJs): 737  
ISFJ vs. ISFP (both SFs): 337  

ESTP vs. ESFP (both SPs): 659  
ESTP vs. ESTJ (both STs): 375  

In both cases the results favor Myers' perspective — that ST/SF is a more meaningful way to group the S's than SJ/SP — and by a *very wide margin*.

And noooooooooooo, I'm not saying this *disproves* the fundamentality of Keirsey's temperaments by any means, but I *am* saying I consider those results some serious *food for thought*. Career choices are a big part of a person's life — not to mention an aspect of life that Myers and Keirsey both thought (consistent with decades of data) tends to be substantially influenced by your type — and 92,000 is a huge sample, and those ST/SF-vs.-SJ/SP results are *dramatically lopsided*.

My perspective continues to be that it's probably a mistake to put too much emphasis on *any* particular grouping of the 16 types, including Myers'. As reflected in the MBTI Manual, I assume there are probably noteworthy and insightful things to be said about *each* of the possible two-letter combinations.

And for anyone who's interested, I talk about why I tend to think of INs as my peeps in Part 2 of this comment.
[**Part 2 of 2**]

Although I agree with Keirsey that I have some significant things in common with my fellow NTs, I've increasingly come around to the view that, if I had to pick a group of four MBTI types to really be my "kindred spirits" group, it would be the INs rather than the NTs.

Below are membership stats for Personality Café and Typology Central, which may look familiar to some of you because I recently posted them in another thread here.

For each type, the first percentage is the percentage of that type at the forum, the second percentage (in parentheses) is the estimated "general population" percentage from the official MBTI folks (from [this page](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm)), and the final number on the right is the self-selection ratio for that type — i.e., the ratio of the forum percentage to the general population percentage.

**November 2014 membership stats for Personality Café**:

INFJ — 9133 — 15.7%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.5  
INTJ — 7307 — 12.6%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.0  
INFP — 11865 — 20.4%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.6  
INTP — 7825 — 13.5%  (3.3%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 3709 — 6.4%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.0  
ENTJ — 1681 — 2.9%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.6  
ENFJ — 1904 — 3.3%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFP — 4915 — 8.5%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.0  
ISTP — 1926 — 3.3%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.6  
ISFP — 1986 — 3.4%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.4  
ISTJ — 2094 — 3.6%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.3  
ESTP — 635 — 1.1%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISFJ — 1374 — 2.4%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESFP — 620 — 1.1%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 573 — 1.0%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 542 — 0.9%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1

**November 2014 membership stats for Typology Central**:

INFJ — 1782 — 16.1%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.7  
INTJ — 1437 — 13.0%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.2  
INTP — 1958 — 17.7%  (3.3%) — ssr: 5.4  
INFP — 2016 — 18.2%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 781 — 7.0%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.2  
ENTJ — 298 — 2.7%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.5  
ENFP — 1156 — 10.4%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFJ — 321 — 2.9%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.2  
ISTP — 304 — 2.7%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.5  
ISFP — 256 — 2.3%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISTJ — 278 — 2.5%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESTP — 100 — 0.9%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.2  
ISFJ — 181 — 1.6%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFP — 84 — 0.8%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 74 — 0.7%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 65 — 0.6%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.05

Looking at the PerC stats (the larger sample): 62% of the members are INs (as compared to 11% of the general population), and 83% of the members are N's (as compared to 27% of the general population).

Every S type has a self-selection ratio of 0.6 or lower, and no N type has a self-selection ratio below 1.0. And the *lowest* self-selection ratio for the IN types is *13 times higher* than the *highest* self-selection ratio for the ES types.

The stats suggest than an average MBTI IN is something like *40 times more likely* than an average MBTI ES to join a personality-related internet forum.

And the stats for Typology Central are strikingly similar to the ones for PerC.

And here someone may object: But reddshoes, come on. Everybody knows that INs are the folks who freaking *live on the internet*, so the fact that there are a lot more of them on any particular website may not say as much as you might otherwise think about their greater affinity for the theme of that website. And to that I'd respond: I don't necessarily disagree with that, but the fact that INs are the folks most inclined to *live on the internet* — to the extent that you're right about that — is another piece of strong evidence in favor of viewing the INs as a significant type group.

And it's also worth noting that Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all — can you guess? — INs.

I'd say the INs are the types best characterized as "born students." They're the types most likely to be found learning something for the sheer joy of learning, and the types most likely to begin their response to "What do you hope to accomplish in your life?" by saying (to quote an INTJ woman at PerC), "I want to learn as much as I can."

The MBTI Manual calls INs the "thoughtful innovators" and says they "are introspective and scholarly. They are interested in knowledge for its own sake, as well as ideas, theory, and depth of understanding. They are the least practical of the types." In *Type Talk*, Kroeger &amp; Thuesen note that INs "would rather speculate as to why Rome is burning than actually fight the fire. They are speculative, reflective, introspective, conceptual, and highly abstract in orientation."

I'd say INs are the nerds. INs are the folks who tend to be the most serious about the world of literature and philosophy and the arts, and to take one or more divisions of pop culture *seriously.* You might say the INs' church is the library. As already noted, the INs are the folks most likely to more or less live on the internet, and to fail to see much of a significant distinction between the internet and so-called "real life." I think INs tend to be the most independent thinkers, and the most likely to define themselves strongly on the basis of their independent perspectives — not "special snowflake" unique, necessarily, but independently arrived at, and often more minority/subcultural than culturally mainstream.

I already mentioned that Jung (like almost all the well-known MBTI theorists) was an IN. And it sounds to me like most of the predecessor typologists whose theories Jung reviewed in *Psychological Types* were fellow INs who I suspect were also, like Jung, partly moved to formulate their "different types" theories by the fact that — like a sizeable percentage of the INs in (I assume) most eras — they felt significantly alienated from the majority of their fellow men.

----------------------------------------------------------------

As a final, more wonkish, note on the INs...

As I'm always pointing out, Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together. I'm not really a Beebe fan, but he certainly characterized Jung's perspective accurately when he said:

&gt;For Jung the attitude type was the primary thing, and the function type a kind of subsomething that expressed that attitude in a particular way. Accordingly, he organized his general description of the types in terms of the attitudes, describing first "the peculiarities of the basic psychological functions in the *extraverted* attitude" and then going on to "the peculiarities of the basic psychological functions in the *introverted* attitude."

In the Foreword to a 1934 edition of *Psychological Types*, Jung bemoaned the fact that too many people were inclined to view Chapter X as the essence of the book, and explained that he'd put the eight specific "function-type" descriptions at the end of the book for a reason. He said, "I would therefore recommend the reader who really wants to understand my book to immerse himself first of all in chapters II and V." And Chapters II and V are pretty much all about extraversion vs. introversion, with Chapter V devoted to a long analysis of Spitteler's *Prometheus and Epimetheus* — which Jung calls "a poetic work based almost entirely on the type problem," explaining that the conflict at the heart of it "is essentially a struggle between the introverted and extraverted lines of development in one and the same individual, though the poet has embodied it in two independent figures and their typical destinies."

And the central focus on extraversion/introversion, and the things Jung thought *all extraverts* and *all introverts* tend to have in common, runs through every chapter of *Psychological Types* *other than* Chapter X — the only part of the book with any substantial description of the eight functions. As Jung saw it, the dynamics of the human psyche revolved first and foremost around a single great divide, and that divide involved *two* all-important components — namely, introversion/extraversion *and* conscious/unconscious.

And here's the thing (for purposes of the present discussion): As discussed at length in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung assigned what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) to E/I, with the result that, when Jung looked out at the world and spotted what he thought was a definite "introvert," he was almost assuredly looking at someone who'd be typed IN under the MBTI.

So I think it's fair to say that Jung himself viewed the INs (who he called the "introverts") and ESs (who he called the "extraverts") as the two most significant MBTI subgroups — even though he didn't frame them in those terms.
You're "pretty sure," eh?

I've posted those forum ssr stats several times at reddit (because they bear on discussions of several related issues), and I've posted this long competing-foursomes discussion at other forums, but this is the first reddit appearance.

After I make a longform post like this at any particular website, I most often just link to it thereafter, rather than repeating it.

Now you know. ;)Thank you for getting his type right.You're an INFP. And because you're an INFP, rediscovering your INFP type is likely to be a lifelong pursuit.Use larger bullets.My comment was mostly joking, but with a kernel of truth in the sense that, in my experience, INFs are the likeliest candidates to identify as Enneagram 4's, and to have the search for self-identity be a core focus that they never really put behind them.

If all I know about someone is that they've started five or more type-me threads at the same MBTI forum over a period of two years or more, I'll suspect that it's pretty likely they're an INFP or INFJ.

And the NF part is a substantial part of that. NFs are the most *psychologically-minded* types. Not everything Keirsey had to say is gospel, but I think it's worth quoting a bit of what he had to say about NFs and the *search for self*:

&gt;The purposes of SPs, SJs, and NTs are understood by SPs, SJs, and NTs alike, although they may not embrace them. ... None of these understand the aim of the NF, and in turn, the NF cannot really grasp the others' commitment to what seems to the NF to be false goals. For the NF pursues a strange end, a self-reflexive end which defies itself: becoming. ¶ While the SPs, SJs, and NTs can go after their goals straightforwardly and at full throttle, the NF's search for self is circular and thus perpetual: How can one achieve a goal when that goal is to have a goal? The NF's 'truest' self is the self in search of itself, or in other words, his purpose in life is to have a purpose in life. Always becoming himself, the NF can never truly be himself, since the very act of reaching for the self immediately puts it out of reach.

&gt;Although [NFs] make up only about 12 percent of the general population, ... their influence on the minds of the populace is massive, for most writers come from this group. Novelists, dramatists, television writers, playwrights, journalists, poets, and biographers are almost exclusively NFs. Technical and scientific writers tend to be NTs, but writers who wish to inspire and persuade, who produce literature, most often are NFs. ... The theme of people in restless search of self runs through novel after novel, is voiced by protagonist after protagonist, and is the source of agony in drama after drama.

&gt;The search for meaning as a necessary pilgrimage for *all* people is advanced by the NFs in their writings. Very often the other types ... are troubled by the thought that they *ought* to be pursuing these values, even if, somehow, the search for meaning and integrity does not beckon to them. This reluctance of 88 percent of the world to join the search for self-actualization is a great source of mystification to the NFs.

In case you or the OP or anybody else is *in search of* a boatload of type-me-related input from me, you can find quite a lot of potentially useful (if I do say so myself) stuff in the 10-post series at Typology Central that starts [here,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950) which includes separate sections on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"

The OP pointed to the functions, but I'm going to offer a dichotomy-centric perspective on this issue.

The first thing to note is that Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about extraversion and introversion than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together. His central focus on E/I, and the things he thought *all extraverts* and *all introverts* tend to have in common, runs through every chapter of *Psychological Types* other than Chapter X — the only part of the book with any substantial description of the eight functions. As Jung saw it, the dynamics of the human psyche revolved first and foremost around a single great divide, and that divide involved *two* all-important components — namely, introversion/extraversion *and* conscious/unconscious.

And here's the thing (for purposes of the present discussion): As discussed at length in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung assigned what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) to E/I, with the result that, when Jung looked out at the world and spotted what he thought was a definite "introvert," he was almost assuredly looking at someone who'd be typed IN under the MBTI — and ditto for Jungian "extraverts" and MBTI ES's. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (psychometrically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N.

And the second thing to note is that, for Jung, whether it's "the thought" that counts or "results" are what matters really went to the heart of what it means to be an introvert or an extravert. Among the Jung quotes in that linked post are the one where he explains:

&gt;The man who is oriented to the idea [— i.e., the introvert —] apprehends and reacts from the standpoint of the idea. But the man who is oriented to the object [— i.e., the extravert —] apprehends and reacts from the standpoint of sensation. For him the abstract is of secondary importance, since what must be thought about things seems to him relatively inessential, while for the former it is just the reverse.

So put those two points together, and where you end up is the notion that *MBTI INs* are the types for whom "it's the thought that counts," and *MBTI ESs* are the types for whom "the results are what matters." And I'm on board with that.

I'd say J/P can play a significant role, too, though, and T/F maybe a more minor one, so if I had to pick the single type who's the farthest out toward the "it's the thought that counts" end of the spectrum, I'd pick the INFP.

And that means I'd pick the ESTJ as the type who's the farthest out toward the "results are what matters" end of the spectrum. Because notwithstanding what certain misguided functionistas might otherwise lead somebody to believe, that's the way the *real* underlying components of MBTI type play out. Forget the mythical Fi/Te and Ne/Si *axes* that INFPs and ESTJs supposedly share, based on the forum-famous but painfully bogus Harold Grant function stack. INFPs and ESTJs are actually *opposites* with respect to every MBTI-related aspect of their personalities — including where they belong on the thoughts/results spectrum.
The fact that I know what the underlying theory is doesn't keep me from honestly answering test items, and I often respond to a number of the items in type-inconsistent ways. And sometimes I conclude that that reflects ways where I'm less than perfectly true-to-type, and sometimes I conclude that it's because the test item was kind of lame.

I've been participating in online type-me exercises for over seven years now, and they often involve people who are familiar with the theory and then take tests, and they understand which preferences most or all of the items are supposed to be getting at, but they still typically get less than "perfect" scores, and quite often come out pretty close to the middle.

If knowing the theory greatly interferes with your ability to do anything but pick the response that's *theoretically* consistent with your type (even though it may be *inconsistent with you*), then that may reflect some kind of "cognitive" weakness on your part, but I'd say it's far from a universal thing.

People who know the theory are certainly capable of *gaming the test* if they *want* to, but they're also generally capable of *not* gaming the test if they *don't* want to.
Redditors who favor limiting their typological excursions to Reality County may be interested to hear that *dom-tert loops* only exist in the minds of people who subscribe to the Harold Grant function stack — a model that has *no respectable validity*, wasn't Jung's or Myers' function model, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And notwithstanding the gullibility of the Grantians, there's actually a sizeable contingent among *them* that refuses to take those loops seriously.

For more on the loopy history of the dom-tert loop, see the spoiler at the end of [this INTJforum post.](https://intjforum.com/topic/162246-functionstype-confusion/?do=findComment&amp;comment=5620850)
Any type can be religious, but some types are more likely to be religious than others, and I'd say there are also significant differences among the types in terms of the kinds of religious beliefs and attitudes they're likely to exhibit. And although a large majority of Americans will tell a pollster that they're "religious" to one degree or other, the subset of people for whom religion really plays a large role in terms of their sense of who they are and the values they live by is a considerably smaller group.

Jung devoted quite a lot of *Psychological Types* to religious beliefs, and why he thought your type was likely to have a lot to do with whether you were religious and what kinds of religious beliefs you were likely to subscribe to.

The statistics in the 1985 edition of the MBTI Manual suggest that the MBTI preference with the strongest correlation with religion (both religious interests and religious occupations) is F. And if you look at just religious *occupations*, there's also a pretty strong J correlation, and a milder N correlation.

So it may be that an NFJ is the most likely MBTI candidate to view their religious beliefs as a core element of their lives — and I certainly think they get that prize as among the four IN types. I think NTs are arguably the most likely MBTI sub-group to be atheists or agnostics, and the results of MBTI/religion threads at INTJforum certainly seem consistent with that idea. I think it's fair to say that the majority view among MBTI theorists is that NTs are the types least likely to accept any "truth" on the basis of some "authority," and that's just one of the reasons I'd expect NTs — especially in any society where there's any significant cultural pressure to be religious — to be the most likely to be unapologetically non-religious. And my sense is that NTs are probably also the types who, if they *are* religious, are least likely to end up with a firm, committed devotion to one particular organized religion — as opposed to a more general/amorphous/spiritual kind of religious philosophy.

And I'd say an INFP is significantly more likely than an INT to be religious, but also that, all other things being equal, an INFP's spirituality (like an INT's) is less likely than an INFJ's to involve subscribing to one particular organized religion. I think NFPs are the types most likely to subscribe to what you might call "new-agey" sorts of spiritual beliefs.

Appendix D to the Second Edition of the MBTI Manual includes lists of occupations "empirically attractive ... to the sixteen types," based on the CAPT MBTI data bank. Specific occupations are listed in mixed case and composite occupational categories are shown in UPPERCASE. The rankings in each list are based on the percentage of the applicable type making up the total number of respondents in the listed occupation or category. So, for example, the fact that art/drama/music teacher is the #2 occupation on the NF list doesn't mean that it's the second most common occupation among the NFs in the CAPT database. It means instead that, among the art/drama/music teachers in the CAPT database, the percentage of NFs was higher than the percentage of NFs for all but one other occupation.

The No. 1 occupation on the NF list is "Clergy, all denominations." The No. 1 and No. 3 occupations on the INFJ list are "Priests, monks" and "Clergy, all denominations"; "Religion: Educator, all denominations" is No. 8; and "RELIGIOUS WORKERS, ALL DENOMINATIONS" is No. 12. By contrast, the INFPs' top 30 only has one religious entry ("Religion: Educator, all denominations"), at No. 7; and the broad category of "RELIGIOUS WORKERS, ALL DENOMINATIONS" is No. 90 on the INFP list. So INFPs are slightly more likely than the average type to have religious occupations, but INFJs are the quintessential religious workers. (ENFJs are the runners-up.)
Jung typed himself as a Ti-dom at the time he wrote *Psychological Types*, but has also been reported to have referred to himself (later) as an Ni-dom — and in a late-in-life BBC interview, he acknowledged that figuring out his own type had been a "painful question."

Under Jung's function model, a Ti-dom with an N-aux would be Ti-Ni-Se-Fe, and an Ni-dom with a T-aux would be Ni-Ti-Fe-Se, so it's not that hard to understand why he might have felt torn between those two types.

For quite a lot more on those issues, and Jung's type, see [this Typology Central post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/67874-explanation-academia-hasnt-accepted-tested-psychological-types-post2240799.html#post2240799)
The fact that you're scratching your head about *function stack order* and *shadow functions* and shit speaks well for your instincts, but it sounds like the scope of your misgivings may be narrower than it should be.

It's true that the notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si" (according to the forum-famous Harold Grant function stack), and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

But the problems with the functions don't begin and end with the Grant function stack. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and if you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122) and the posts it links to.

They'll introduce you (maybe) to what I call the Real MBTI Model — which was essentially Isabel Myers' model, if you set aside some of the Jungian lip service, and which is really the only MBTI framing that's in a more respectable category than astrology.
I suspect you'll find some useful information and links about INTJs vs. INTPs — not to mention some larger MBTI-related issues — in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/57yrfl/p_or_j/d8wko6m/)Let the record reflect that as I post this, MadMarx5's comment has 10 points, and Npinkpanther's comment has 7 points.

@video-brain-games —

MadMarx5 has told you that MBTI E/I has nothing to do with sociability.

This is incorrect.

As an introductory note, Carl Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about extraversion and introversion than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together. His central focus on E/I, and the things he thought *all extraverts* and *all introverts* tend to have in common, runs through every chapter of *Psychological Types* other than Chapter X — the only part of the book with any substantial description of the eight functions.

Jung believed that the ultimate reason there were extraverts and introverts in the first place was that extraversion and introversion represented two competing evolutionary strategies, each successful in its own way. And the result of the evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words, introverts tend to be "reserved, ... rather shy people," with "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts tend to be "open" and "sociable," with "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

Here's a little more Jung, from Chapter X of *Psychological Types*:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

And Myers ended up (rightly) making lots of adjustments to Jung's original categories — based on her years of psychometric analysis — in developing the MBTI, but she certainly carried forward the strong association between E/I and sociability.

And you can read quite a bit more about Jung's and Myers' perspectives on E/I — with more Jung quotes! — in this two-part comment: [Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/) | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

Moving to ambiversion...

Both MadMarx5 (batting 0 for 2) and Npinkpanther have told you that you just can't be an ambivert, darn it, under the MBTI.

This is incorrect.

For starters, it may interest you to hear that Jung himself said that more people were in the middle on E/I than were extraverts or introverts — and characterized those ambiverts as "the normal man." And Jung also stressed that people of the same type varied considerably in terms of the strength (or, as he often characterized it, "one-sidedness") of their preferences. Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions. So the idea of middleness on one or more dimensions goes all the way back to the MBTI's theoretical roots.

The official MBTI test is designed on the *operational assumption* that people have four preferences, and assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension. But that's a very different thing from saying that the MBTI theory says that it *isn't possible* for someone to be in the middle on any dimension — and in fact, the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. And the more recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

And I'm certainly not saying that you can't find bad MBTI sources ([here's one!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaKvy3rSRhQ)) that will tell you, oh, nooooo, everybody's either a Jungian introvert or a Jungian extravert, and if they don't know which they are, it just means they need to *study the cognitive functions* or something...

But *respectable* MBTI sources don't take the position that ambiversion is impossible.

I don't know what "most people" think, but it's common on MBTI forums to encounter posters peddling the notion that they're more like opposite types than close cousins, onnaccounta they use *completely different functions* — and I talk about why I take issue with that perspective (which is based on the Harold Grant function stack) in [that PerC post I linked to](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/298618-infjs-infps-drawn-together-post9339554.html#post9339554) on the subject.Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus — but noooooo, Virginia, J/P isn't really about which of your *top two cognitive functions* is *externally directed*.

@Xilent9 —

If you're up for a head-clearing holiday jaunt, hop in the sleigh and I'll show you what the view looks like above the cognitive functions swamp...

You can find a boatload of input from me on J/P in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if you're ever feeling torn between J and P and anybody tries to tell you that ESTJs and ESTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an ESTx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

And finally, since it sounds like you're new to the MBTI, and because you've been good this year — for an ESTP, anyway — I'm going to also leave you with [this bonus post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122) which includes a hefty stockingful of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability.

Merry Christmas!
The slide rule has been superseded by more advanced technologies, but it was and remains a perfectly good tool by the kinds of scientific, etc. standards that respectable knowledge-seekers have been adhering to for several centuries now.

So comparing the so-called "cognitive functions" — in their Harold-Grant-function-stack incarnation in particular — to the slide rule is an insult to the slide rule.

The respectable districts of the personality psychology field are governed by standards, GelfSara, whether you like it or not. Proposed typological categories and models establish — or fail to establish — their validity by way of statistically significant correlations in suitably large samples.

And by those standards, as discussed at some length in my linked posts (have you read them?), the Harold Grant function stack has proven to be a washout.

For the umpteenth time, with feeling... the notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

And it no more matters how many bamboozled internet forumites think otherwise than it matters how many internet forumites believe in the zodiac. Respectable typologies are respectable typologies, and pseudoscientific rubbish is pseudoscientific rubbish.
&gt; Essentially what you are SPAMing the net with ad infinitum is the following: *People say they constantly experience X in their daily lives, but existing tests attempting to verify X is in fact true come up short. Therefore X is untrue.*

If ESTJs and INFPs alike "say they constantly experience" *Fi stuff* "in their daily lives," while ESTPs and INFJs — as "Fe types" — just as consistently *don't* experience that stuff, but instead experience *Fe stuff* in common, then "tests attempting to verify" that should be a piece of cake, GelfSara. Are you kidding me? All you have to do is put a questionnaire together with multiple items that describe that "Fi stuff" and "Fe stuff," and then you give the questionnaire to a suitably large sample of ESTJs, ESTPs, INFPs and INFJs, and *bingo*, baby! You're there! If the ESTJs and INFPs relate to the Fi stuff and the ESTPs and INFJs relate to the Fe stuff, then your model's got a piece of support for what's known in the typology biz as its *validity*. Personality psychologists have been doing that for decades. To a substantial extent, that's how personality psychology works.

And anybody with any familiarity with the personality field understands how ridiculous it is for internet forumites wedded to the Harold Grant model to sit there, like you, and stroke your chins and say, but gosh, you don't understand, those *cognitive functions*, man, they're so deep and subtle and delicate that if you try to *put them into words*, they just, like, *dissolve*. Oh, it's true a person can "say they constantly experience Fe in their daily lives," because, uh, I just claimed that, didn't I? But, um, that doesn't mean we can put what those people "constantly say" *in writing*, like on a questionnaire or something, and expect people to say they relate to it. Cognitive functions and questionnaires just *don't mix*, man. I can't fully explain it, but it's *one of those things*.

Can't you see how ridiculous that is, GelfSara? Harold Grant wrote his book in 1983, and they've been correlating the MBTI types with everything under the sun for 50 years now, and the correlational patterns associated with the Grant stack's *function axes* freaking *never show up*. And their failure to ever show up, in all those thousands of data pools, means it's time to acknowledge that that function model isn't just sitting out there in some *not yet proven* or *not yet tested* limbo. It's time to acknowledge that it should be considered *disproven*.

The Real MBTI Model says that INFPs and ESTJs have *no* MBTI-related aspects of personality in common. They've got opposite tugs when it comes to the individual dichotomies, and with respect to every single dichotomy combination — including the combinations that are supposedly associated with the cognitive functions.

And the Real MBTI Model says that INFPs and INFJs, by contrast, have many MBTI-related aspects of personality in common — namely, all the I and N and F things, and all the things associated with the IN, NF, IF and INF preference combinations.

By contrast, the Harold Grant function model says that INFPs and ESTJs have lots of MBTI-related aspects of personality in common, because they're both Fi/Te types and Si/Ne types. And it also says that, at the deepiest-peepiest *cognitive* level, INFPs and INFJs are verrrrrrrrrry different beasts, because they have *no functions in common*.

A-a-and as it happens, GelfSara, there are a metric ass ton of MBTI data pools where INFPs and INFJs end up on the same side of the correlational divide, because it turns out that what's being correlated with type is influenced by I or N or F or some combination of those preferences. And by contrast, there is *no* significant body of data pools where the INFPs and ESTJs are on one side and the INFJs and ESTPs are on the other — because what's being correlated with type is, ya know, an Fi thing, or a Te thing, or an Si thing, or an Ne thing, or an Fi/Te thing, or whatever.

And personality psychology is a science, albeit a soft science, and soft-scientific theories stand or fall by testing them against data, just like hard-scientific theories. And I'm sorry to report that the Harold Grant function stack has fallen, and it can't get up.
There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and it's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed dismissals of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the pseudoscience bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and it's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed dismissals of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the pseudoscience bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)You're not using "validate" with the meaning that applies in the personality typology field.

Because the personality/behavioral/etc. things that personality typologies deal with are mostly things where the type stuff is just *one among many possible influences*, even a highly reliable and valid typology can't be used to make specific and falsifiable predictions about, e.g., what a given person is going to do in a given situation.

Like many of the soft sciences (including, e.g., economics), personality typologies can end up making reasonably good predictions when it comes to *probabilities.* But success with respect to those kinds of probabilistic predictions doesn't (by most definitions) shift economics or personality typologies into the "hard science" category.

To somewhat oversimplify, personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five essentially establish their psychometric "validity" by way of studies where the types of subjects in a suitably large sample are found to correlate significantly with various other things. As one rather dramatic example, here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88  
INFJ  2.95  
INTP  2.92  
INFP  1.97  
ENTJ  1.56  
ENTP  1.42  
ENFP  1.09  
ENFJ  1.08  
ISTJ  0.68  
ISTP  0.50  
ISFP  0.49  
ISFJ  0.43  
ESTP  0.22  
ESTJ  0.12  
ESFJ  0.18  
ESFP  0.02

Correlational spectrums that tidy — not to mention dramatically lopsided — are a personality psychologist's dream. What they indicate (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) is that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.

McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists (creators of the NEO-PI-R), and that's the kind of data they were referring to over 20 years ago when they praised the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and specifically noted that studies like those could "provide valuable replications" of Big Five studies relating to the four dimensions of personality that the MBTI and Big Five share.

Keeping in mind that twin studies indicate that the MBTI is tapping into four substantially-genetic dimensions of personality, the results of that sample suggest that there are relatively hardwired dimensions of personality that can make a person of one type (e.g., an INTJ) something like *30 times more likely* than another type (an ESTJ) to end up as a science major at Cal Tech.

And I assume you'd agree that if someone had ascertained the zodiac signs of those same 705 Cal Tech science majors, it's very unlikely that the distribution of zodiac signs for those students would have proven to be substantially different than the distribution in the general population. And that's because the zodiac belongs in the *pseudoscience* bin, and the MBTI belongs in the same bin as the Big Five — and that bin is the "soft science" bin.
@Squeezycakes17 —

All the long comments so far have described a function model that says that, e.g., an INTP's functions are Ti-Ne-Si-Fe.

Just so you know, that's the Harold Grant function stack, and it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that an INTP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

But the problems with the functions don't begin and end with the Grant function stack. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and if you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122) and the posts it links to.

They'll introduce you (maybe) to what I call the Real MBTI Model — which was essentially Isabel Myers' model, if you set aside some of the Jungian lip service, and which is really the only MBTI framing that's in a more respectable category than astrology.
For a discussion of the frequently-encountered (on teh internet) canard that the MBTI was primarily designed as a job placement tool, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/526641-being-intj-trendy-post16806658.html#post16806658)

And as far as Jung vs. the MBTI goes, and what's "substantiated" and what's "unsubstantiated," you pretty much have things backwards.

Jung was a believer in the scientific approach, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. Myers adjusted Jung's categories and concepts so that they better fit the data she'd gathered from thousands of subjects, and by the end of the 1950s, she had a typology (and an instrument) that was respectably tapping into four of the Big Five personality dimensions — long before there really was a Big Five. And twin studies have since shown that *identical twins raised in separate households* are substantially more likely to match on those dimensions than genetically unrelated pairs, which is further (strong) confirmation that the MBTI dichotomies correspond to *real*, relatively hard-wired underlying dimensions of personality. They're a long way from being simply theoretical — or pseudoscientific — categories with no respectable evidence behind them.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI, and noted — correctly — that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by the relevant scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung included what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) in his very broad notion of what E/I involved. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (statistically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N. Jung said extraverts tend to subscribe to the mainstream cultural views of their time, while introverts tend to reject mainstream values in favor of their own individualistic choices. But Myers discovered that a typical ISTJ is significantly more likely to be a traditionalist than a typical (more independent-minded) ENTP. Jung said an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that it was the S/N and J/P dimensions that primarily influenced someone's attitude toward change, rather than whether they were introverted or extraverted.

And so on. The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of simplified (and more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.

Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them. There's nothing wrong with reading *Psychological Types* if you're interested, and I've read it more than once myself. But you should realize that, although Jung had a lot of insightful things to say about various two-kinds-of-people-in-the-world characteristics that have proven to be psychometrically respectable and have been incorporated into the MBTI, there's a lot that Jung got wrong, too. So anyone who reads *Psychological Types* with an overly reverent attitude is actually being *non-Jungian* in that respect.

ADDED: Anyone interested in reading more about the scientific respectability of the MBTI — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — will find a long discussion in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
The respectable districts of the personality field involve a handful of relatively hardwired (substantially genetic) clusters of characteristics that tend to co-vary, presumably for evolutionary reasons that we may never fully understand.

It isn't necessary for a respectable typology to have a theoretical "seed," and the Big Five is sometimes praised for the fact that it derived, to a significant degree, from lexical studies that didn't really make any preliminary assumptions, going in, about what would cluster with what, or why.

But the MBTI certainly had theoretical seeds. Katharine Briggs was working on a personality typology of her own in the early 1920s, when *Psychological Types* was published. And *Psychological Types* set forth a set of personality categories that was very heavy on the theory and very light in the psychometric support department.

But Jung was a very smart and insightful man, and notwithstanding that he hadn't done such a hot job of putting them all in the appropriate categories (as noted in my first comment), he'd spent many years (he was then in his 40s) taking note of a host of respects in which there seemed to him to be *two kinds of people* in the world.

Also as described in my first comment, Isabel Myers then took Jung's "seeds" (and Briggs') and put them to the test, psychometrically speaking — in a way Jung would have approved. And the MBTI is the result.
Redditors who favor limiting their typological excursions to Reality County may be interested to hear that *dom-tert loops* only exist in the minds of people who subscribe to the Harold Grant function stack — a model that has *no respectable validity*, wasn't Jung's or Myers' function model, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And notwithstanding the gullibility of the Grantians, there's actually a sizeable contingent among *them* that refuses to take those loops seriously.

For more on the loopy history of the dom-tert loop, see the spoiler at the end of [this INTJforum post.](https://intjforum.com/topic/162246-functionstype-confusion/?do=findComment&amp;comment=5620850)

@ClosetedAndQueer —

If you think you may be suffering from depression or some other disorder, please seek guidance/help/etc. from sources more respectable and reality-grounded than the *dom-tert loop* neighborhood of Cognitive Function Clown City.

There are definitely districts of the MBTI that are worth an intelligent person's attention, but that neighborhood isn't one of them.
Yes, the four MBTI dimensions (four of the Big Five) would certainly be rediscovered at some point after your hypothetical societal wipeout. They're not an abitrary set of categories. They're real, and substantially genetic, and presumably sculpted by thousands (or millions) of years of evolution.

Again, as noted in my first comment, if you're interested in reading more about the scientific respectability of the MBTI — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — you can find a long discussion in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

[Here's a twin study by Bouchard](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9529660) that found substantial correlations on all four MBTI dimensions.

And there've been multiple Big Five studies showing similar correlations — and probably needless to say, if you take the view (as the leading Big Five psychologists do) that the MBTI is essentially tapping into four of the Big Five dimensions, those Big Five studies indirectly support a genetic basis for the corresponding MBTI dimensions.

[Here's a 2003 review by Bouchard and McGue](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/neu.10160/epdf) that concluded that "there is now strong evidence that virtually all individual psychological differences, when reliably measured, are moderately to substantially heritable."

But note that the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

Here's Hans Eysenck, writing in 1990 on the subject of parental influence on the core dimensions of personality:

&gt;"Six major recent studies, all of which are characterized by being based on sufficiently large numbers of twin pairs, as well as being analyzed by means of modern statistical methods, provide more reliable evidence for genetic influence on personality change." (248)

&gt;"The data show that the family environment, ... as distinct from the unique experiences of the individual, makes only a trivial contribution to personality differences. ... If correct (and there seems little doubt about a conclusion replicated so many times, on so many large samples and using many different methods of testing and analysis), these close correlations disprove the importance of family environmental influence on personality and call into question the validity of traditional personality theories discussed by Hall and Lindzey (1970) and in personality textbooks in general." (251)

[*Source:* **Eysenck, H.J., "Genetic and Environmental Contributions to Individual Differences: The Three Major Dimensions of Personality."** Journal of Personality, 58, 245, 1990.]

Here's a link to a recent article about a 2015 review of 50 years of twin studies and personality:

[Why Parenting May Not Matter and Why Most Social Science Research is Probably Wrong](http://quillette.com/2015/12/01/why-parenting-may-not-matter-and-why-most-social-science-research-is-probably-wrong)

And here's an excerpt, including a link to the *Nature Genetics* study.

&gt;I want you to consider the possibility that your parents did not shape you as a person. Despite how it feels, your mother and father (or whoever raised you) likely imprinted almost nothing on your personality that has persisted into adulthood. Pause for a minute and let that heresy wash across your synapses. It flies in the face of common sense, does it not? In fact, it's the type of claim that is unwise to make unless you have some compelling evidence to back it up. ... I do have evidence, though, ... [and] let's start with a study published recently in the prestigious journal *Nature Genetics*. [[link](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/276922271_Meta-analysis_of_the_heritability_of_human_traits_based_on_fifty_years_of_twin_studies)] Tinca Polderman and colleagues just completed the Herculean task of reviewing nearly all twin studies published by behavior geneticists over the past 50 years. For some background, behavior genetics is the field devoted to studying human differences, and let's be honest, whether you are a scientist or not you are interested in why people are different from one another. Besides being inherently fascinating, the reality of those differences impacts your life daily. The knowledge that some people are more trustworthy, honest, violent, impulsive, and aggressive than others is essential to navigating life. ...

&gt;It doesn't matter if you're a behavioral scientist or a plumber; we’re all theorists about these differences. ... So what about the results of that massive review of twin research? Genetic factors were consistently relevant, differentiating humans on a range of health and psychological outcomes. ... The environment, not surprisingly, was also clearly and convincingly implicated, but interestingly it wasn't the "environment" you might have anticipated. ...

&gt;Before progressing, I should note that behavioral geneticists make a finer grain distinction than most about the environment, subdividing it into shared and non-shared components. ... The shared environment makes children raised together similar to each other. The term encompasses the typical parenting effects that we normally envision when we think about environmental variables. Non-shared influences capture the unique experiences of siblings raised in the same home; they make siblings different from one another. Another way of thinking about non-shared environments is that they represent the parts of your life story that are unique from the rest of your family. ... Returning to the review of twin research, the shared environment just didn't matter all that much. ... The non-shared environment mattered consistently.

&gt;The pattern of findings mentioned above is nothing new. The importance of genetics and the non-shared environment (and the relatively minor importance of the shared environment) was already so entrenched in behavior genetics that years before the Polderman study was published it had been enshrined as a set of "laws." ... Based on the results of classical twin studies, it just doesn't appear that parenting—whether mom and dad are permissive or not, read to their kid or not, or whatever else—impacts development as much as we might like to think. Regarding the cross-validation that I mentioned, studies examining identical twins separated at birth and reared apart have repeatedly revealed (in shocking ways) the same thing: these individuals are remarkably similar when in fact they should be utterly different (they have completely different environments, but the same genes). Alternatively, non-biologically related adopted children (who have no genetic commonalities) raised together are utterly dissimilar to each other—despite in many cases having decades of exposure to the same parents and home environments.

I'm inclined to suspect that temperament may be substantially *more* than half genetic — which would make it easier to understand why how you're raised makes so little difference — and for anyone who's interested, my reason for thinking that can be found in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/105354-where-does-your-personality-type-come.html#post2672242)
Functions, schmunctions...

In case you're interested, you can find a boatload of input from me on J/P in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if anybody tries to tell you that INTJs and INTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INTx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

Finally, and more generally... Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and if you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122) and the posts it links to.
You sound like an INF to me — and probably above-average in neuroticism (the Big Five dimension that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension).

And I don't have much of lean on J/P.

In case you're interested, you can find a boatload of input from me on J/P in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if you end up feeling torn between J and P and anybody tries to tell you that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!), or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

Those three posts are part of a 10-post series that includes separate sections on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, and a brief intro to the aforementioned *neuroticism* dimension.

Thank you. I'd be *reckful* here, too, but that name was already taken when I arrived (possibly by the famous gamer).

On the dichotomies vs. the functions, and as reckful and reddshoes are both forever noting... Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has pointed out in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and just in case the OP (or any other reader of this thread) is open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, they can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454)
Yeepers. It's 2017 and people are still talking about *dom-tert loops*? That's just sad.

As discussed at some length (as is my wont) in [this two-part post,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/mbti-tm-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/67136-jung-ni-doms-yall-bunch-crazies-post2221037.html#post2221037) Jung's function model for a typical person who qualified as one of his "types" called for the person to have two predominantly conscious functions — a dominant function and an "auxiliary" function that, to a substantial degree, *served* the dominant function — and for those two functions to have the *same attitude* in E/I terms (which Jung referred to as the "conscious attitude"). And Jung's model also envisioned two unconscious functions with the opposite attitude, and with the tertiary function largely serving as a kind of "auxiliary" to the inferior function. So, for example, Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux was Ni-Ti-Fe-Se.

As also discussed in that first linked post, and as the majority of Jung scholars agree, Myers misinterpreted (perhaps mistakenly, perhaps somewhat disingenuously) Jung and claimed that Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux was Ni-Te-Fe-Se — a stack which Myers endorsed but didn't really make much use of.

Then came Harold Grant, an obscure religious writer who declared, in *Image to Likeness: A Jungian Path in the Gospel Journey* (1983), that the attitude of the tertiary function should be viewed as the *same* as the dominant — a change which, when combined with Myers's adjustment to the auxiliary, resulted in the familiar (to internet forumites) model that says INTJ=Ni-Te-Fi-Se.

Again, to stress, the notion that someone has a tertiary function that (unlike the auxiliary function) has the *same attitude* as the dominant is inconsistent with *both* Jung and Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And perhaps most importantly, as further discussed in the posts linked at the end of this one, that Harold Grant function stack (and its associated "tandems") has no respectable body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should really be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

But continuing with our history... fast-forward to 1998, when Lenore Thomson published *Personality Type: An Owner's Manual*. Unlike the wiser (in this regard, at least) Naomi Quenk, Thomson subscribed to the Grant function stack, and she described a phenomenon that she called the "tertiary problem." Thomson noted that, as between the extraverted and introverted attitudes, people naturally tend to favor their preferred attitude, and she explained that this could sometimes lead — particularly under stressful conditions — to a dysfunctional situation in which an INFP (for example), rather than treating their auxiliary Ne function (which supposedly provides *balance* to the introverted attitude of their dominant Fi) as their second-in-command, would bypass Ne and, in effect, end up using their tertiary Si function as their second-in-command. And Thomson said that the resulting Fi-Si combination would have a tendency to confine INFPs in their introverted worlds in an unbalanced way, and lead them to fail to adequately "connect" with "the external world."

I believe a formerly forum-famous fellow called simulatedworld was the guy who coined the term "dom-tert loop" to refer to what's essentially a recycling of Thomson's "tertiary problem," although simulatedworld took Thomson's ball and ran it off the field, out of the stadium, across the parking lot, over the county line, and off into his own little, well, *simulated world* — as anyone can see who follows [this link](http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html) to the preposterous PerC post where he proceeds to associate a faulty loop concept based on an invalid functions model with eight of the more well-known personality disorders.

For newcomers not familiar with simulatedworld, he's a not-so-distinguished MBTI theorist who I believe did much of his publishing at a now-defunct website called personalitynation. On top of managing to get himself permabanned from both PerC and TypologyCentral (although TC later re-membered him), he's also written quite a lot of bad type analysis, including his famous warning that if an INT was borderline on J/P, they'd probably be a basket case, because ZOMG, "Ti and Te so heavily contradict everything about the other's ideas and outlooks that you would suffer constant cognitive dissonance and your entire psyche would be totally fragmented."

In any case, and setting aside purported assocations with personality disorders, perhaps the most important point to stress is that simulatedworld's "dom-tert loop," like Thomson's "tertiary problem," is wed to the purported validity of the Harold Grant function stack — where, contrary to Jung and Myers, the dominant and tertiary functions share the same attitude. And reddshoes is here to tell you that there are strong reasons to think that that aspect (at least) of the Harold Grant function stack is *invalid* (in terms of its relationship to *reality*, never mind its relation to Jung or Myers) — and anyone who's interested can find quite a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion of that issue in [this post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

You really owe it to yourself to read that [last linked post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) of mine.

No, Active_Account, the field of personality psychology isn't a kiddie pool full of "philosophers" splashing us with their anecdotal "observations" — with everybody's philosophy being just as good and true as everybody else's.

The respectable districts of the field are governed by standards, and the respectable personality typologies are the ones whose *categories* have established their psychometric "validity" by means of a substantial body of correlational studies.

Now, assuming you've got a set of respectable type categories, there's nothing wrong — as far as I'm concerned — with making anecdotal observations and having internet discussions about *what people in those categories tend to be like*. Have you known a fair number of INTJs, INFJs, ENTJs and ENFJs, and do you feel like you have some interesting insights to share about what INFJs tend to have in common, or NFJs tend to have in common, or NJs tend to have in common? All power to you, and I'm not inclined to piss on that. I might disagree with some of your NJ characterizations (for example), but I'm not going to object to the fact that you're talking about *NJs*. And if you want to refer to that "NJ" stuff as "Ni" stuff, well, to some extent that's just a semantic thing.

But by contrast, see, the zodiac (for example) has no *validity* as a personality typology. They've been trying for eons to prove otherwise, but the correlational patterns just *never show up*. So if somebody shows up on a forum and starts talking about the personality characteristics that Capricorns tend to share, I reserve the right to piss on those observations in my lovable INTJ way.

And here's the crux of the biscuit, for purposes of the dom-tert-loop issue: As explained at some length in that linked post that you really *ought to read*, the correlational patterns predicted by the tertiary component of the Harold Grant function stack virtually *never show up*. It doesn't matter what purported "Si" thing (for example) any particular study may involve: if it does indeed turn out to be the case that the SJ types are out toward one end of the relevant spectrum, can you guess where the FP types wind up? Amazingly (but not really), you virtually always find the FP types *at the opposite end of the spectrum*.

The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

When an INFP who sometimes *feels nostalgic* says, "That's my tertiary Si in action," that's just good old Forerism at its finest. And you know what? Assuming for the sake of argument that a tendency to be nostalgic really is something that an S preference and a J preference both make some contribution to, with SJs therefore being the most nostalgic types, is it going to be the case that INFPs tend to be *more nostalgic* (on average) than INFJs? No, it isn't. On the contrary, it's going to be case that INFJs will tend (on average) to be more nostalgic than INFPs. Because INFJs have the J contribution, even though they lack the S contribution, while INFPs lack *both* contributions.

50 years of MBTI data pools have made it clear that that's the way combinations of the MBTI preferences really play out — and there's no difference, in that regard, between the combinations that purportedly correspond to a "cognitive function" and the ones that don't.

So no, Active_Account, the dom-tert-loop theory doesn't "work," any more than any other sub-theory grounded in the tertiary component of the Grant function stack "works." If INFPs don't really have *Si*, then they can't very well get trapped in an *Fi-Si loop*.

For a significantly better (if I do say so myself) MBTI-defending response to the points raised in typical MBTI "debunkings," check out [this l-o-n-g PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)Not only does the MBTI have decades of studies in support of its validity, but that linked post of mine points to a large meta-review and supplemental (11,000-subject) 2003 study that concluded that the MBTI's psychometrics (reliability and validity levels) put it "on a par" with the Big Five.Are you talking about the forum-famous INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe function stack?

Before you waste any significant amount of time trying to "understand" a function model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks, you may want to take a look at [this post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
It beats wearing them on my head. ;)According to who?

Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, while *also* explaining that more people were *in the middle* on E/I than were either extraverts or introverts.

And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four dimensions.

Personality psychology is a relatively young field, and there's currently no typology that's really in a position to claim that it can accurately position people on its dimensions in a way that would justify declaring that it's *impossible to be in the middle* on any dimension — and instead, what data there is suggests that there may be a significant percentage of people for whom "x" is arguably the best designation for one or more dimensions.

And to complicate things even further, both the "Step II" MBTI and the most popular version of the Big Five (the NEO-PI-R) include multiple "facets" for each dimension — five for each MBTI dimension and six for each Big Five dimension — and allow for the possibility that someone could be, e.g., a T with respect to two facets and an F with respect to the other three.
I'm sorry, LaughterisPower, but as the old saying goes... you're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts.

As I said, Carl Jung framed his eight *dominant function* types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and Chapter X of *Psychological Types* is organized accordingly.

But in 1923 — two years after *Psychological Types* was published — Jung gave a lecture (separately published in 1925) that's included in the *Collected Works* edition of *Psychological Types*. After first introducing the audience to the "extraverted" and "introverted" types, Jung said this:

&gt;There is, finally, a third group, and here it is hard to say whether the motivation comes chiefly from within or without. This group is the most numerous and includes the less differentiated normal man, who is considered normal either because he allows himself no excesses or because he has no need of them. The normal man is, by definition, influenced as much from within as from without. He constitutes the extensive middle group, on one side of which are those whose motivations are determined mainly by the external object, and, on the other, those whose motivations are determined from within. I call the first group *extraverted*, and the second group *introverted*.

So... not only did Jung think it was *possible* for a "less differentiated" person to not really have one of the eight "function-attitudes" as their dominant function — he thought it was *common*, and characterized those people as "normal."
The MBTI has over 50 years of studies backing it. In 2003, after a large meta-review of the existing data, supplemented by an additional 11,000-subject study, Robert Harvey ended up concluding that the MBTI was psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests — and if you're interested, you can read more about that, and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI, in [this l-o-n-g PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)The gist of the OP is correct, except that it underestimates the extent to which Isabel Myers and the respectable districts of the MBTI have really (and rightly) been dichotomy-centric all along.

Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has pointed out in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and anyone who's open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
It most certainly is. As I recently explained to another redditor, I'd be *reckful* here, too, but that name was already taken when I arrived (possibly by the famous gamer).&gt;p.s. the general vibe of your post screams immaturity and know it all.

Pot, meet kettle.

And at least altformbti is talking about the aspects of the MBTI that belong in a more respectable category than astrology.&gt;please don't tell me to Google it. Trust me, I already have, at least 5 million times. Whenever I do, I find websites with people that are as confused about it as me

You shouldn't feel embarrassed, mbtikitten! Allow me to respectfully suggest that the problem isn't with you; it's with the so-called "cognitive functions." They represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — has rightly called a "category mistake."

Dario Nardi's one of the leading cognitive functions guys (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test, but as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INTPs are supposedly Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, INTJs are supposedly Ni-Te-Fi-Se, and ZOMG, INTPs and INTJs have *no functions in common*! And FYI, that function model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unberable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
You sound like an INF to me, and maybe not that far from the middle on J/P, although I've got a mild P lean.

A lot of the confusion you describe in the first half of your OP sounds mostly like the consequence of bad "Fi" descriptions you've read.

In case you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if you end up feeling torn between J and P and anybody tries to tell you that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

Those three posts are part of a 10-post series that includes a boatload of type-me-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, and a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension.

As a final note, circling back to those bad "Fi" descriptions... Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has pointed out in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and just in case you're open to a hefty weekend helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

At the very least, you should be aware (if you're not already) that the forum-famous function stack that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te and INFJ=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se — and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common* — is *not* "the MBTI." It's the Harold Grant function stack, and it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And that's all discussed at considerable length in that last linked post.
Yeah, sorry, but that is a grotesque mischaracterization of *Gifts Differing*. Just for starters, Myers' function stack for an Fi-dom with an N-aux (for example) was Fi-Ne-Se-Te. She didn't believe in "Fi/Te" types vs. "Fe/Ti" types, and all that "function axis" stuff.

But more generally, when it comes to whether she was more dichotomy-focused or function-focused, here comes some recycled reddshoes for you on that issue...


--------------------------------------


For anyone who thinks that the rejection of the functions that [Reynierse advocates](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf) would represent a revolutionary shift as far as the "official" MBTI is concerned, I'd argue, to the contrary, that the MBTI has essentially been centered around the dichotomies from the beginning. Aside from the test instruments themselves, the analysis in Myers' *Gifts Differing* focuses substantially more on the dichotomies than the functions. Myers was a nobody who didn't even have a psychology degree — not to mention a woman in mid-20th-century America — and I assume that background had at least something to do with the fact that her writings tend to somewhat disingenuously downplay the extent to which her typology differs from Jung. So it's no surprise, in that context, that the introductory chapters of *Gifts Differing*, besides introducing the four dichotomies, also include quite a bit of lip service to Jung's conceptions — or, at least, what Myers claimed were Jung's conceptions — of the dominant and auxiliary functions. But with that behind her, Chapters 4-7 describe the effects of the "EI Preference," the "SN Preference," the "TF Preference" and the "JP Preference," and those four chapters total *22 pages*. Chapter 8 then purports to describe the eight functions — buuut that chapter consists *solely* of a half-page table for each function, for a total of *four pages*. And what's more, and most crucially, those four pages were simply summaries of *Jung's original function descriptions* that Katharine Briggs had prepared back in the 1920s (when she first studied Jung) — and Myers *ignored* (and/or adjusted) substantial portions of those in creating her own type descriptions. (As one example, as discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/103557-e-vs-i-post2629117.html#post2629117) Myers' IS_Js bear little resemblance to Jung's Si-doms. And for a detailed discussion of the surgery Myers performed on Jung's conception of Te, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/116411-exclusive-te-characteristics-post2943154.html#post2943154))

But most tellingly, following Myers' introductory and portrait chapters, the second half of *Gifts Differing* — covering a variety of topics, including "Use of the Opposites," "Type and Marriage," "Learning Styles" and "Type and Occupation" — focuses *almost exclusively* on the dichotomies, both singly and in combinations that don't correspond to the functions. She talks about introverts and extraverts, thinking types and feeling types, intuitives and sensing types, judging types and perceptive types, "INs," "ESs," "NF types," "STs," "introverts with thinking" (i.e., ITs),  "EF types," "ESF types," "ISTs" and on and on. At one point in the Type and Marriage chapter, "FJ types with extraverted feeling" are mentioned, but that's very much the exception that proves the rule. References to the functions (and the dichotomy combinations that correspond to them) are almost entirely absent from the book's second half, and on the rare occasions when she refers to one of the two-letter combinations that corresponds to a function — e.g., SJ (Si) — she most often makes no reference to the function. At one point, for example, she notes that "Judging types, especially those who prefer sensing (the –S–J types), like their work to be organized, systematic, and foreseeable." I'm not suggesting that this means Myers didn't really believe in the functions (necessarily, anyway), but she was certainly not a theorist who thought the functions were anything like the main event.

Five years later, the 1985 edition of the MBTI Manual, co-authored by Myers, was even more lopsided in favor of the dichotomies, and included *no descriptions of the eight functions at all*. In a 1990 article ("Review of Research on the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator," Perceptual &amp; Motor Skills, 70, 1187) in which John B. Murray concluded that the MBTI's "indices of reliability and validity have been extensively investigated and have been judged acceptable," Murray noted that over 1500 studies were included in the 1985 Manual — many of them either discussed in the text or included in one or more tables of statistics. And good luck finding *any results* in that manual that are framed in terms of the cognitive functions. The 1985 Manual is full of statistics correlating type with interests, occupations, scholastic achievement, other personality measures, etc. — and the reported correlations *almost exclusively* involve the four dichotomies, the sixteen types and/or dichotomy combinations with no meaningful function correspondence — with the combinations most often included (by a *wide margin*) being ST, SF, NT and NF. So on top of the fact that Myers and the rest of the official MBTI establishment were predominantly dichotomy-focused, it's also clear that the independent psychologists conducting many of those studies weren't laboring under any misconception that the MBTI dichotomies were relatively superficial indicators (convenient for testing and/or labeling purposes) while the cognitive functions were what the typology was *really about*.

The third edition of the MBTI Manual was published in 1998, and according to the Reynierse article I linked to above, it cites a grand total of *eight studies* involving "type dynamics" (i.e., the functions model) — and Reynierse summarizes them as "six studies that failed, one with a questionable interpretation, and one where contradictory evidence was offered as support." He then notes, "Type theory's claim that type dynamics is superior to the static model and the straightforward contribution of the individual preferences rests on this ephemeral empirical foundation."

And finally, I think it's also worth noting that the 17-page report that an ENFJ (for example) receives after taking the relatively recent MBTI *Step II* test includes page after page of dichotomy-based analysis (including five separate subscales for each of the four dichotomies) and not a single mention of "extraverted feeling" or "introverted intuition" — other than a diagram near the end that shows that "ENFJs like Feeling best, Intuition next, Sensing third and Thinking least," and one brief note about tending to use Feeling in the "outer world" and Intuition in the "inner world." *All the rest* of the ENFJ descriptions in the report — after the brief initial profile, which isn't broken down by components — are descriptions of N (not Ni or Ne), F (not Fi or Fe) and so on, and they're the *same descriptions* of N and F (and the five subscales of each) that ENFPs receive in their reports (notwithstanding the fact that ENFJs are supposedly (*Fe/Ni* and ENFPs are supposedly *Ne-Fi*). And MBTI author (and INTJf member) Nancy Harkey [has pointed out](https://intjforum.com/topic/71590-scores-that-vary-what-the-mbti-step-ii-suggests/#comment-2457873) that "there is no discussion in the Step II manual of applying type dynamics (dominant, auxiliary etc.)  to the overall preferences. I really don't know what that means at the moment, but it is curious."
&gt; Isabel myers might not have had the academic authority credentials you seek, but she arguably affected the domain in more practical manners than most academic could.

It sounds like you might have misunderstood me. I'd say I'm one of Myers' biggest fans on the MBTI forums. I noted her lack of academic credentials by way of possible explanation for why she was more than a little disingenuous about the extent to which the MBTI departed from Jung. But her departures from Jung were *good* departures (for the most part, anyway), and I don't hold her lack of academic credentials against her in the least.

ADDED: It's probably also worth noting that she graduated first in her class at Swarthmore. She may not have been as smart as Jung, but she was a very smart woman.High Ti and high Ni? WTF?! And your Fi's higher than your Fe!

It's confusing, isn't it?

Well, don't feel bad. Allow me to respectfully suggest that the problem isn't with you; it's with the so-called "cognitive functions." They represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — has rightly called a "category mistake."

Dario Nardi's one of the leading cognitive functions guys (as you may know), and [that keys2cognition test of his that you took](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INTPs are supposedly Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, INTJs are supposedly Ni-Te-Fi-Se, and ZOMG, INTPs and INTJs have *no functions in common*! And FYI, that function model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

And speaking of dichotomies: in case you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if you end up feeling torn between J and P and anybody tries to tell you that INTJs and INTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INTx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

As a final note, and as further discussed in [this long (but soooo worth it) PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) Jung's function stacks for INTJs and INTPs looked like this:

Ti-Ni-Se-Fe  
Ni-Ti-Fe-Se

So... as far as Jung was concerned, your high Ti and Ni scores make sense for either INT type. The Fi's still a problem, tho. And I'm not really endorsing Jung's stacks.&gt;RIP. MBTI is awful. Jung is everything. Why can't people give up this system? Myers and Briggs were not that bright. They tried to make Jung's system for cognitive understanding into a fun "what's my archetype" parlor game. It's nonsense.

Isabel Myers graduated first in her class at Swarthmore. She may not have been as smart as Jung, but odds are she was quite a bit smarter than you, and certainly understood much more about psychometrics and personality.

Plus she had Jung's observations as a starting point. You know... that proverbial "standing on the shoulders" thing.

And FYI, Carl Jung (mystical streak notwithstanding) was a believer in the scientific approach, and Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in a way that Jung never had, and in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

The MBTI actually represents a major advance — in multiple respects — beyond Jung's original categories and framework.

If you're interested, your reprogramming could begin with [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
&gt; She may have tried to make it scientific but she utterly failed at it which is why the MBTI is not accepted as a valid psychometric system but stuff like Big 5 is.

Oh, look, Madge, it's our old pal Entropic — a dependable source of MBTI-related nonsense on the MBTI forums for over five years now. ;)

A large meta-review of the existing data in 2003, supplemented by the authors' own 11,000-subject study, concluded that the MBTI was psychometrically "on a par" with the Big Five — and that opinions to the contrary were simply reflective of a long-ingrained bias against anything developed outside the hallowed halls of academia.

Any redditor who's interested can read more about that, and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI, in [this l-o-n-g PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
As you'll discover if you read [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) (which I previously linked to), what I call the Real MBTI Model — which essentially reflects Myers' dichotomy-centric perspective — is indeed "fundamentally different than Jung described" in a number of respects.

But alas for the *functionistas*, there is *no* respect — not a single one — in which the more function-centric stuff often encountered at internet forums (and in poor sources like Berens and Nardi) both (1) departs from, and/or goes beyond, the Real MBTI Model, and (2) can point to any respectable body of empirical support.

The Real MBTI Model says that INFPs and ESTJs (for example) have *no* MBTI-related aspects of personality in common. Their temperament tugs are on opposites sides of the four dichotomies *and every dichotomy combination* — including the combinations (e.g., FP/TJ) that purportedly correspond to the "cognitive functions." The most popular function-centric model discussed at MBTI forums, on the other hand, says that INFPs and ESTJs have quite a lot in common — onnaccounta they're both "Ne/Si types," and "Fi/Te types."

But over 50 years of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun, have demonstrated that if whatever you're correlating with MBTI type is something where the INFPs are notably out toward one end of the correlational spectrum, you can reliably expect to find the ESTJs *out toward the other end.* WTF, you may exclaim! Where, you may wonder, are the data pools where the questionnaire item or behavioral trait or whatever else is being measured is mainly an "Ne" thing, or an "Si" thing, or an "Fi" thing, or a "Te" thing, and the INFPs and ESTJs are on one side of the spectrum, and the INFJs and ESTPs (both supposedly "Fe/Ti" and "Ni/Se" types) are on the other side? And if that's what you're wondering, reddshoes is here to tell you that those data pools are on the same island where they keep the unicorns and the munchkins.

The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
So I'm not misunderstood... Myers certainly believed, and I certainly believe, that there are noteworthy aspects of personality associated with virtually every *preference combination.* But the *real* Isabel Myers — once you get past what I call her "Jungian lip service" — really didn't treat the combinations that supposedly correspond to the eight "cognitive functions" as if they had much (if any) special significance.

Myers was really a *four function* believer, rather than an *eight function* believer. And she thought the most significant preference combinations were NF/NT/SF/ST — and I can't resist noting that that's a carve-up of the types that *totally ignores* the so-called "cognitive functions." (Each of Myers' four groups consists of types with *four different dominant functions*.)

And if you're interested, you can read more about the ways both Myers and the official MBTI establishment (after her death) have really been much more dichotomy-centric than people like Berens and Nardi might lead you to believe in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5rzat4/need_help_confirmingchanging_my_type_identity/ddbqncv/)

When you ask if I've "seen someone demonstrating something you could call extraverted thinking," my answer is that there are definitely things people do that are more characteristic of *TJs* than other types. And if I call that stuff "TJ stuff" and you call it "Te stuff," that's just a semantic difference *at one level* — and so far, you haven't departed from a perspective that's consistent with the Real MBTI Model.

But on the other hand, if you tell me you've "observed" that the other folks who are most like TJs in the "Te" department are the FPs, and that the FPs (with *both* preferences flipped, as compared to TJs) are *more like* TJs (in those "Te" respects) than either TPs or FJs (each of which have just *one* preference flipped, as compared to TJs)... then I'll tell you that I'm not sure whether to offer you my congratulations or my condolences, but that I'm here to tell you that in that case, and as previously noted in this thread (and further discussed in [that previously-linked Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454)), you've "observed" a pattern among the types that has steadfastly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

And similarly, if you tell me that an INTP is influenced more by their T than their N, while an INTJ is influenced more by their N than their T — because *dom/aux*! — then I'll respond by noting that that aspect of "type dynamics" has likewise found *no* support at the empirical level. (And yes, they've tried.)

And again, and more generally, there are in fact *no* aspects of "type dynamics" that (1) go beyond what the Real MBTI Model would lead you to expect, and (2) have found any respectable level of support at the empirical level.

"Quantitative research" vs. "qualitative research" is just an *obfuscator* in this context. Any aspect of personality that's real and significant enough to be included in one of the categories of a respectable personality typology is an aspect of personality that is capable of being *validated* by way of correlational studies that (1) type a suitably large group of subjects using a reasonably reliable instrument, and (2) correlate the resulting types with one or more measures of that aspect of personality — which can be as simple and straightforward as devising a questionnaire with several items that tap into the aspect of personality that's being correlated with the types.

If the Harold Grant function stack was meaningfully real, allow me to respectfully suggest that  its proponents could long ago have established its validity by way of a set of relatively straightforward studies where the types were correlated with some "Si"-influenced thing and the INFPs were more like the ISTJs than the INFJs; or some "Te"-influenced thing and the ENFPs were more like the ESTJs than the ENFJs; or some "Ne"-influenced thing and the ESTJs were more like the INFPs than the ESFPs; or... or... or.... Lots of possibilities. Not to mention thousands of opportunities for those kinds of patterns to have shown up in the many thousands of existing MBTI data pools that have correlated MBTI type with, as I previously noted, pretty much *everything under the sun* at this point.

But those kinds of patterns *virtually never show up*, lordofthezingers. And that's because the Harold Grant function stack (and its associated "function axes") has *no validity* — speaking "quantitatively" or "qualitatively" — except to the extent that it simply piggybacks on the Real MBTI Model. 
Given the substance and tone of your uninformed attack on Briggs and Myers in the passage I quoted, excuse me for continuing to think that you're in absolutely no position to complain about anything in my reply.

"Read Jung," you say. I've read *Psychological Types* more than once, and judging by what's in your OP, I have no real doubt that I have a much better understanding of what he said, and the changes Myers made to his original concepts (and why), and the merit of those changes, than you do.

Rather than spend any more time replying to my posts in this thread, it might serve you better to read a few of those long posts I've linked to. Who knows? You might learn something.I'm not entirely sure what you're going on about (maybe the sunglasses are interfering), but as a friendly reminder, here's what you said:

&gt;RIP. MBTI is awful. Jung is everything. Why can't people give up this system? Myers and Briggs were not that bright. They tried to make Jung's system for cognitive understanding into a fun "what's my archetype" parlor game. It's nonsense.

And that's what I replied to. And if you didn't want people to reply to that, it wasn't a particularly good idea to put it in a reddit post.

IMHO.&gt; How can I possibly prove my own feelings to you, that you keep insisting that you know better than I do.

I don't care about your feelings. Honest.

That's part of my INTJ charm. ;)No. I think framing FP stuff (for example) as "introverted" Feeling (whether it's an ENFP or an INFP you're talking about) and FJ stuff as "extraverted" Feeling (whether it's an ENFJ or an INFJ you're talking about) is essentially a misframing, and can lead to poor type descriptions.

For example, it's not uncommon to hear people at MBTI forums explaining that a typical INFJ is more *emotionally expressive* than a typical ENFP. Or that a typical INFJ is more likely to adopt and/or defer to mainstream values than an ESFP. And that kind of stuff is just garbage; and it's garbage based on bad function analysis.
Given that you're 26 and have done quite a lot of reading about the MBTI (not just taken tests), and given that you've taken multiple tests approximately a gazillion times and *always* come out INFJ, I'm here to tell you that the odds that the official MBTI would both (1) type you as something different *and* (2) be correct about that different type is very, very, very, very small.

I've been active at MBTI forums for over seven years, and I'm forever pointing out that I think there's a noteworthy tendency for INFs to mistype as INTs and then later (correctly) conclude they're really INFs — while the opposite (an INT consistently mistyping as an INF) almost never happens. And I think T/F is the most problematic MBTI dimension from a potential-mistyping perspective (at least for INs).

All that said, there's a "Step II" version of the MBTI that has five "facets" for each of the four dichotomies — just like the most popular version of the Big Five has six facets for each dimension — and besides offering some potential additional nuance on your type, the Step II MBTI reflects the view that an MBTI F (for example) might be an T on one or more of the T/F facets and an F on the rest.

So... assuming there's little doubt about your INFJ type, and assuming you already have a pretty good feel for what the dichotomies are about, and if you're looking to possibly get some significant *value added* from a paid administration of the official MBTI, you might want to consider having a Step II assessment done. I'm not recommending that particularly strongly, partly because I'm not exactly a big fan of the facets, but I think it might make more sense for you than paying $50 for a more basic "Step I" evaluation.

As long as I'm rambling on in your thread, I can't resist noting that if you're interested — and *only* if you're interested — in a metric ass ton of type-me-related input from me, you can find quite a lot of potentially useful (if I do say so myself) stuff in the 10-post series at Typology Central that starts [here,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950) which includes separate sections on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, descriptions of some of the Step II facets, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"
Just so you know, the model that says that an INTJ is Ni-Te-Fi-Se is the Harold Grant function stack — and it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a byproduct of the Grant stack, and it's nonsense.

Just in case you're open to a hefty weekend helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
Wow. Integrity much?

An apology is in order, but don't worry. I'm not holding my breath.As James Reynierse has (rightly) noted — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — the cognitive functions are best viewed as a "category mistake." And you'll find quite a lot of the explanation in that post I linked to in reply to the OP.First, my arguments most certainly have not been "debunked."

Second, whether my arguments are right or wrong has nothing to do with whether I'm sincere or a troll.

And third, calling me a troll because you don't like my arguments makes you somebody with a deficit in the intellectual integrity department.

Thanks for listening.

PS: I see reddit has a "report" feature. I've never used it before, but I'll give it try now. Congratulations.You've used the word "just," which might be taken to imply that what I call the Real MBTI Model is significantly simpler or more limited than a function-centric framing that uses the Grant function stack.

But as explained in that linked post, the opposite is true. It's the dichotomy-centric approach that's richer and more flexible — on top of being the theoretical framing that actually *corresponds with reality*.

The Real MBTI Model doesn't look like this:

INTJ = I + N + T + J

Instead, it includes aspects of personality associated with every possible dichotomy combination, so it looks like this:

INTJ = I + N + T + J + IN + IT + IJ + NT + NJ + TJ + INT + INJ + ITJ + NTJ + INTJ

Compare that to this:

INTJ = Ni (NJ) + Te (TJ) + Fi (FP) + Se (SP)

But wait! It gets worse! Chop off the Fi (FP) and the Se (SP), since INTJs don't really have that stuff, and you're down to this:

INTJ = Ni (NJ) + Te (TJ)

And again, that blinkered perspective isn't really consistent with either Jung or Myers, for multiple reasons. For one thing, Jung's stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux was Ni-Ti-Fe-Se (as explained in [this long (but soooo worth it) PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)), and for another, Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together. As for Myers, she described personality characteristics associated with each of the 24 possible two-preference combinations, and thought the most influential one was the combination of a person's S/N and T/F preferences — e.g., NT for an INTJ.
Did you bring brownies?It's confusing, isn't it?

Well, don't feel bad. Allow me to respectfully suggest that the problem isn't with you; it's with the so-called "cognitive functions."

Are you sitting down? Chances are that you don't actually have something that's appropriately framed as a "dominant function" of the "perceiving" or "judging" variety.

Carl Jung (mystical streak notwithstanding) was a believer in the scientific approach, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in a way that Jung never had, and in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

And it's reasonably clear that Myers, despite quite a bit of lip service to Jung and the functions, came to understand (based on her many years of data-gathering) that the dichotomies were the essential components of Jungian/MBTI type. I agree with James Reynierse, an MBTI practitioner who has rightly (IMO) concluded — in a 2009 article (["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) in the journal published by the official MBTI folks — that the eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that people like Linda Berens love to talk about are best viewed as nothing more than a "category mistake."

And contrary to the notion that a function-centric perspective offers more richness and depth than a (properly framed) dichotomy-centric perspective, and as Reynierse explains in that linked article, it's actually the dichotomy-centric perspective that's richer and more flexible.

On a more specific, stack-related note, the forum-famous model that says that INTJ=Ni-Te-Fi-Se and INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, (and ZOMG, INTJs and INTPs have *no functions in common*) is the Harold Grant function stack — and it's a model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a byproduct of the Grant model, and it's nonsense.

If you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, and the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

A-a-and as a final note, that last linked post is in a thread that also includes a 10-post (I am not making this up) extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?" — and if you're interested, that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)
&gt;If what they do is science, then why is practically none of it available to the public? Nothing they do is scientific in any meaningful way. Everything they do basically boils down to selling more tests rather than investigating typology. Reynierse is a hack.

Sorry, but you're badly misinformed. "Practically none of it" is "available to the public?" Are you freaking kidding me? What on earth are you talking about?

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and it's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed debunkings of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

Buuut as also discussed in the PerC post, the scientifically respectable side of the MBTI is the dichotomy-centric side, rather than the "cognitive functions" (*aka* "type dynamics") side — and if you're interested, you can read a lot more about that in that [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) I already linked to.
&gt; They won't even publicly release the test that forms the basis for all of their results, for one thing.

Please. First of all, the fact that the test is copyrighted puts it in the same category as the leading Big Five Test (the NEO-PI-R). And copies of both are easily obtained at a cost that is quite cheap by the standards of academic publications — and what's more, just between you and me, there are quite a lot of copies of the MBTI on the internet for MBTI dweebs who are determined to find out what the items are without having to pay. And in any case, that has nothing to do with whether the MBTI is scientifically respectable.

&gt; So the dichotomy-centric application of MBTI is not any better or worse than Big 5. And I should care why? Big Five is emblematic of everything that is wrong with Western academic psychology, namely, a slavish reliance on statistical analysis to the exclusion of everything else. This leads to a lot of results that are just barely acceptable, statistically speaking, but completely fail when people try to extend them (or even just replicate them) because they have no theoretical basis.

&gt; If you prefer this way of doing things, then by all means, play with Big 5 or your preferred dichotomy model. It's not clear how such a model even relates to "types" because there are no real types, only points along a bell curve distribution.

&gt; The only Jungian dichotomy that is actually useful and can be applied successfully on its own is Extraversion / Introversion. The other dichotomies are best used for identifying the types, which can then be analyzed according to their cognitive tendencies.

Well, thanks for the word salad, but the dichotomy-centric MBTI bears very little resemblance to your purported description of it — and it raises a common misunderstanding with respect to the difference between *dichotomy-based analysis* and *function-based analysis*, so pardon me for going a bit longform on your ass.

Your description would be likely to lead a reader to believe — and maybe you kinda sorta believe it yourself — that one of the essential differences between dichotomy-centric MBTI guys like me and function-centric MBTI guys like you is that dichotomy-centric folks tend to insist that everything that gets said about the types should be things that have *statistical results* to support them — in sharp contrast to function-centric folks who are open to more theoretical pondering and anecdotal experience and etc.

But on top of being a huge mischaracterization of what a dichotomy-centric perspective involves, that framing also attempts to give an unwarranted pass to the fact that the validity-free aspects of *type dynamics* include an astrology-level lack of validity for the *typological framework itself*.

To somewhat oversimplify, personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five essentially establish their psychometric "validity" by way of studies where the types of subjects in a suitably large sample are found to correlate significantly with various other things. As one rather dramatic example, here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88  
INFJ  2.95  
INTP  2.92  
INFP  1.97  
ENTJ  1.56  
ENTP  1.42  
ENFP  1.09  
ENFJ  1.08  
ISTJ  0.68  
ISTP  0.50  
ISFP  0.49  
ISFJ  0.43  
ESTP  0.22  
ESTJ  0.12  
ESFJ  0.18  
ESFP  0.02  

Stat spectrums that orderly — not to mention that dramatically lopsided — are what you call a personality psychologist's dream. What they indicate (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) is that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.

McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists (creators of the NEO-PI-R), and that's the kind of data they were referring to over 20 years ago when they praised the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and specifically noted that studies like those could "provide valuable replications" of Big Five studies relating to the four dimensions of personality that the MBTI and Big Five essentially share.

Keeping in mind that twin studies indicate that the MBTI is tapping into four substantially-genetic dimensions of personality, the results of that sample suggest that there are relatively hardwired dimensions of personality that can make a person of one type (e.g., an INTJ) something like *30 times more likely* than another type (an ESTJ) to end up as a science major at Cal Tech.

And I assume you'd agree that if someone had ascertained the zodiac signs of those same 705 Cal Tech science majors, it's very unlikely that the distribution of zodiac signs for those students would have proven to be substantially different than the distribution in the general population.

*Buuut now*... having developed a personality typology whose categories have a respectable level of psychometric validity...

Imagine that there are seven people you know pretty well who've tested NF, and seven people you know pretty well who've tested ST, and it seems to you that those preferences are reasonably strong/clear in those people. And suppose you're sitting there thinking about that *anecdotal* sample of NFs and STs, and thinking about ways they seem to be different from each other, and pondering whether those differences may point to one or more aspects of NF type and/or ST type that go beyond what you can remember having read about. And then suppose you go on an MBTI forum and throw out those anecdotal observations for discussion.

Does reddshoes the *dichotomy-centric* dude have any objection to any of that? *Not at all*.

If it turns out there have been large-sample studies that bear on those same specific aspects of personality, then I'd encourage you to have the perspective that, all other things being equal, large-sample studies are more likely to indicate type correlations that are real and/or typical than anecdotal observations. But lots of type-related observations in sources I consider worthy (e.g., Myers and Keirsey) are at least partly based on the accumulated anecdotal experience that the authors have had in dealing with the types.

Buuut *now suppose*... that instead of thinking about seven NFs and seven STs, you're sitting there thinking about seven people you know pretty well who are Capricorns and seven people you know pretty well who are Libras, and you're thinking about ways the Capricorns seem to be similar (and different from the Libras), and ways the Libras seem to be similar (and different from the Capricorns).

If that's what you're doing, I have no qualms about confessing that I'd be inclined to try to convince you that your time would be better spent pondering the characteristic similarities and differences of type categories with a respectable claim to validity. And *at the least*, I'd want to try to convince you that — as an *objective* (really!) matter — you should recognize that there's a significant difference (from a *scientific respectability* perspective) between the kinds of categories you're focusing on and categories that can make a respectable claim to psychometric validity.

You see the distinction? Nobody should claim — and I certainly don't — that any current personality typology is in anything like a final state, or that the studies that have already been done, or the books that have already been written, come anywhere close to figuring out and capturing everything that can be said about the types. That's a very open-ended task — and at the end of the day, an essentially infinite task.

But very much by contrast, establishing whether a set of typological categories has some basic level of *validity* — setting aside what the full and rich nature of those categories might consist of — is a much more finite task, and something that psychologists are capable of doing with a far-from-ginormous body of studies.

And countless studies, over 50 years, have supported the validity of the MBTI dichotomies, and have also demonstrated correlations with dichotomy *combinations* in the manner reflected by what I describe — in that [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) I already linked to twice — as the Real MBTI Model (e.g., those Cal Tech statistics).

And very much by contrast, and as also described in that same post, the correlational patterns that correspond to aspects of "type dynamics" that go beyond the Real MBTI Model have steadfastly *failed* to show up — which puts the "tertiary Si" of an INFP in the Capricorn category.

And you or anybody else is free to ponder the effect that "tertiary Si" is having on your INFP friends, just like you're free to ponder what stuff your Capricorn friends have in common. But my hope would be that, if you're going to do that kind of pondering, you should *at least* understand that there's an important distinction to be made between the categories you're pondering and categories with a respectable claim to validity.

And again, that distinction does *not* involve how open someone is to being informed (to some degree) by anecdotal experience when it comes to issues like, for example, *what introverts are like*, or *how it feels to experience the world as an introvert* — or how inclined someone might be to engage in theoretical ponderings about, e.g., *what introversion evolved for* — but rather whether the *typological categories and groupings* that the anecdotal "evidence" is being applied to (e.g., introverts, or NFs) can make any respectable claim to being *real categories* in the first place.
Jung's original categories included a lot of mistakes, partly in terms of grouping personality characteristics together that don't actually *covary* (as the psychometricians say) here on good old Planet Reality — and McCrae &amp; Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists) have a significantly better handle than you apparently do on the reasons Myers made the changes she did. As they explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung included what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) in his very broad notion of what E/I involved. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (statistically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N. Jung said extraverts tend to subscribe to the mainstream cultural views of their time, while introverts tend to reject mainstream values in favor of their own individualistic choices. But Myers discovered that a typical ISTJ is significantly more likely to be a traditionalist than a typical (more independent-minded) ENTP. Jung said an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that it was the S/N and J/P dimensions that primarily influenced someone's attitude toward change, rather than whether they were introverted or extraverted.

And so on. The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of simplified (and more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.

Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them. There's nothing wrong with reading *Psychological Types* if you're interested, and I've read it more than once myself. But you should realize that, although Jung had a lot of insightful things to say about various two-kinds-of-people-in-the-world characteristics that have proven to be psychometrically respectable and have been incorporated into the MBTI, there's a lot that Jung got wrong, too. So anyone who reads *Psychological Types* with an overly reverent attitude is actually being *non-Jungian* in that respect.
I'd guess that you're an INFJ, but that you may consider yourself (and/or often test as) an INTJ.Are you saying I was right about the INJ part and you wouldn't have considered F? Or that you wouldn't have considered either INJ type?I assume you're still in the circumspect phase, while you wait to see if anybody else weighs in on your type. Reply to this when you've moved to open book mode. ;)

For now, I'll just note that if you dismissed INFJ because you concluded you were an "Fi type" rather than an "Fe type," that was not a good reason to dismiss the INFJ possibility. And FYI, all four of the IN types tend to relate more to typical Fi descriptions than typical Fe descriptions.According to the forum-famous Harold Grant function stack, if "Fi" is supposedly your "auxiliary function," then you're an EFP, and if it's supposedly your "tertiary function," you're an ITJ.

But just so you know, the Grant function stack is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

And contrary to what the HaroldGrantians will tell you, not only are EFPs and ITJs opposites when it comes to E-vs.-I stuff and T-vs.-F stuff and J-vs.-P stuff — they're also opposites with respect to every aspect of personality that results from a combination of those preferences (e.g., FP-vs.-TJ).

And that kinda makes intuitive sense, doesn't it? And some aspects of the way the world works are *counterintuitive*, of course — but as it happens, the way MBTI preference combinations play out in real people is not one of those.

Here on Planet Reality, the notion that an ISTJ has "tertiary Fi," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Fi" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISFP that ISFJs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* (that's the term personality psychologists use) than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

And if you're interested, you can find a fuller explanation of all this in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
Sorry, drakin77, but the notion that, if you're a "Ne type," you're also an "Si type" — and ditto for the Ni/Se, Te/Fi and Ti/Fe pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a byproduct of the Grant function stack, and it's nonsense.

The correlational patterns that would correspond to those tandems have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

And there's more on all that in the linked TC post.
Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [that keys2cognition test of his that you took](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne) — just as you did. And INFJs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, INFJs are supposedly Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common*! And FYI, that function model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a by-product of the Grant stack, and it's nonsense.

And more generally, above and beyond the specific *stack* issues, the faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" themselves represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — has rightly called a "category mistake."

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

A-a-and as a final note, that last linked post is in a thread that also includes a 10-post (I am not making this up) extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and if you're interested, that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)
Contrary to what David Keirsey's more ardent devotees will tell you, NF/NT/SJ/SP is actually a somewhat arbitrary carve-up of the types — and for what it's worth, Myers thought the most fundamental foursome was NF/NT/SF/ST. If you're interested, you can find quite a lot of discussion of those competing foursomes, and how Keirsey and the MBTI relate, in [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/546530-any-keirseyans-pc-post17474586.html#post17474586) and [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/368786-sj-sp-keirsey-vs-st-sf-myers.html#post11748154)

One noteworthy thing about Keirsey is that he ignored the cognitive functions. As he explained, "I must say I have never found a use for this scheme of psychological functions." And whatever anybody may think of his NF/NT/SJ/SP carve-up, his instincts certainly served him well in the functions department.

The faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that people like Berens and Nardi love to talk about are best characterized the way James Reynierse did in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)). He referred to them (rightly) as a "category mistake," and the wisest course for you is to steer clear of any MBTI source that tells you that what being an INFJ is really about is a "function stack" that looks like this: Ni-Fe-Ti-Se.

And FYI, that stack isn't really "the MBTI." On top of the fact that it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has no respectable body of evidence behind it, it has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of that Harold Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

As a final note, that last linked post is in a thread that also includes a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of introductory MBTI stuff from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and if you're interested, that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)
I'm sorry, XM6, but I link to my long posts for a reason. It makes a lot more sense than repeating their multiple paragraphs in post after post after post, with people who've already read earlier versions not knowing if there's anything new there.

You're free to read my posts with some care or completely ignore them, but I'm not going to repeat things here that I clearly explain there.

You've asked if the MBTI and Keirsey are essentially "two competing theories" that just "use the same terms" — but my first linked post expressly *criticizes* that take on Keirsey (and in the very first paragaph, no less), and explains why he's best viewed as essentially "an MBTI guy."

And you've asked a follow-up question about your and my "stacks" and our "judging functions," but that first TC post explains why I think it's a mistake to frame your type in terms of "stacks" of "functions." And the Real MBTI Model I describe in that post is inconsistent with the notion of some kind of "fundamental NT type" or "fundamental NF type." 

Again, read my linked posts or don't — and if you've got follow-up questions about things in them that *aren't* explained, I am *here for you* — but I'm not interested in repeating (in this thread) the stuff that *is* explained in the linked posts.
Not "offended," really. Just explaining my lack of cooperation. ;)&gt;INFJ and INFP couldn't be more different on the inside, even though they may seem similar on the outside. They have *all different functions.*

INFJs and INFPs only have *all different functions* if you subscribe to the Harold Grant function stack — and FYI, that's a model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

You're free to subscribe to it if you want to, of course. You're free to subscribe to the zodiac, too, but is that really the kind of person you wanted to be when you grew up? And in any case, it hardly puts you in a good position to be scoffing at other typology sources as "nonsense."

I see your username is mbti-mbti... and just in case you'd be open to some badly-needed (if I do say so myself) enlightenment in the MBTI department, you can find quite a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

PLEASE NOTE: This comment should in no way be construed as an endorsement of the Personality Hacker website.
&gt; So you'd rather think that letters like INTJ mean "Introverted, Intuitive, Thinking, Judging" and absolutely nothing else?

That's not what I think *at all*, and you obviously didn't read my linked post.

But feel free to stay as ignorant as you like.&gt;so yes, that is the theory you follow.

So again, no, that is not. And the fact that you think it makes sense to tell me what "theory I follow" without actually reading my linked post doesn't speak particularly well for your intellectual integrity.

From the behavioral level all the way down to the deepy-peepiest "cognitive" levels... when it comes to the real, underlying, substantially-genetic aspects of human personality that the MBTI relates to, INFJs and INFPs are arguably more like each other than either type is to any other type, and any *function model* that would lead someone to think the two types "couldn't be more different on the inside" (as you put it) is a model that's far removed from Planet Reality.
On the contrary. As explained in some detail in that linked post — and very much *unlike* what I call the Real MBTI Model (which was essentially Myers' model) — it's the Harold Grant function stack that "has no actual evidence." The correlational patterns that would be associated with its so-called *function axes* have steadfastly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools, putting its validity at the same level of respectability as the zodiac.When the reality-based *claim* is *lack of evidence*, it's the theorists with the invalid model who've failed to produce any respectable "evidence."

If you know of any credible source that claims there's any respectable body of data in support of the Harold Grantian "tandems" (*aka* "function axes"), then by all means, step up to the plate and share!

As noted in my linked post, James Reynierse called the HaroldGrantians out on their nonsense in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)).

And the response to Reynierse from the HaroldGrantians (as far as the validity issue goes) has been... \*crickets\*

And by contrast, what I call the Real MBTI Model has established its validity by way of a huge body of correlational evidence, and anyone interested in reading more discussion about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — can find it in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
&gt;You are arguing about social theories. There is no such thing as credibility, only experiences.

If that's your perspective, then as I already noted, you're free to subscribe to the zodiac as well. Hey, they're all just "social theories," right?

Well... wrong, actually.

To somewhat oversimplify, personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five essentially establish their psychometric "validity" by way of studies where the types of subjects in a suitably large sample are found to correlate significantly with various other things. As one rather dramatic example, here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88  
INFJ  2.95  
INTP  2.92  
INFP  1.97  
ENTJ  1.56  
ENTP  1.42  
ENFP  1.09  
ENFJ  1.08  
ISTJ  0.68  
ISTP  0.50  
ISFP  0.49  
ISFJ  0.43  
ESTP  0.22  
ESTJ  0.12  
ESFJ  0.18  
ESFP  0.02

Stat spectrums that orderly — not to mention that dramatically lopsided — are what you call a personality psychologist's dream. What they indicate (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) is that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.

McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists (creators of the NEO-PI-R), and that's the kind of data they were referring to over 20 years ago when they praised the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and specifically noted that studies like those could "provide valuable replications" of Big Five studies relating to the four dimensions of personality that the MBTI and Big Five essentially share.

Keeping in mind that twin studies indicate that the MBTI is tapping into four substantially-genetic dimensions of personality, the results of that sample suggest that there are relatively hardwired dimensions of personality that can make a person of one type (e.g., an INTJ) something like *30 times more likely* than another type (an ESTJ) to end up as a science major at Cal Tech.

And I assume you'd agree that if someone had ascertained the zodiac signs of those same 705 Cal Tech science majors, it's very unlikely that the distribution of zodiac signs for those students would have proven to be substantially different than the distribution in the general population.

And here comes the kicker, mbti-mbti. Are you ready?

Down here on good old Planet Reality, the notion that an ISTJ has "tertiary Fi," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Fi" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISFP that ISFJs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more validity than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
&gt; Reddshoes also uses alias accounts to try to create an illusion of agreement of his fringe opinions, even though it is obviously written by the same person, posting the same three links.

Reddshoes is my only account here, and your integrity is in the toilet, and I'm reporting your post.

Congratulations, jermofo. If you disagree with somebody's perspective, but you can't really counter it with effective arguments, smear him with lies. I'm sure your mother's proud.&gt;You can report all you like. I have not broken reddiquette like you have. I have pointed this out to you on your alt accounts and you have remained silent. You are a troll and I don't feed trolls. I will also not stay silent any longer.

Do tell. If you know about some "alt accounts" of mine, kindly list them here.

There aren't any, and I'm guessing you know that. But if you *genuinely* believe they exist, there's nothing to keep you from publicly listing them.&gt;Well, Reckfull for one.

The account name I use here would be "reckful" (like it is at the other MBTI forums I post at), but that name was already taken at reddit when I arrived.

The reddit "reckful" account is not me. What's more, I don't think the reddit "reckful" has ever made a single MBTI-related post.

Can you point me to one, Mr. Integrity?

ADDED: I just did an *author:reckful* search, and it appears that the reddit "reckful" has *never made a single post here*. So it certainly can't be one of those "alias accounts" that you said I've used "to try to create an illusion of agreement."

Still waiting for a list of those accounts...

And hopefully needless to say, if you can't actually point to any "alias accounts," an apology is in order.I vote INTJ for Jung, with INFJ as the runner-up — and if you're interested, you can find my lengthy explanation in [this Typology Central post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/67874-explanation-academia-hasnt-accepted-tested-psychological-types-post2240799.html#post2240799)

FWIW, Jung typed himself as a Ti-dom at the time he wrote *Psychological Types*, but has also been reported to have referred to himself (later) as an Ni-dom — and in a late-in-life BBC interview, he acknowledged that figuring out his own type had been a "painful question."

Under Jung's function model, a Ti-dom with an N-aux would be Ti-Ni-Se-Fe, and an Ni-dom with a T-aux would be Ni-Ti-Fe-Se, so it's not that hard to understand why he might have felt torn between those two types.

As a final note, and contrary to Myers' (minority) interpretation of Jung, I think it's reasonably clear that Jung would have said that MBTI J's were J-doms (rather than a mix of extraverted J-doms and introverted P-doms) and MBTI P's were P-doms (rather than a mix of extraverted P-doms and introverted J-doms). So... I think Jung would have said that an MBTI INTJ was a Ti-dom with an N-aux (Ti-Ni-Se-Fe), and an MBTI INTP was an Ni-dom with a T-aux (Ni-Ti-Fe-Se).

And there's more on all that in the linked post, and the first post it links to.
&gt;Most likely to be dominant in the sense of taking charge of relationships goes to SP types: ISTP, ISFP, ESFP and ESTP.

Yeah, baby. Watch out for those dominant, take-charge ISFPs! They're freaking *bulldozers*, those ISFPs! ;D

&gt;I'd be interested in hearing from ISFPs if they think this is generally true. Out of the 3 I know, all of them are very non-dominant in the sense of taking charge of relationships.

I'm not an ISFP, but it may interest you to hear that in *Gifts Differing*, Isabel Myers — who spent decades evaluating people of all types, and apparently interacted with considerably more ISFPs than mbti-mbti has — noted that ISFPs "consistently tend to underestimate and understate themselves. Probably ISFP is the most modest type."

The MBTI Manual characterizes ISFPs as "quietly friendly, sensitive, kind, modest about their abilities. Shun disagreements, do not force their opinions or values on others. Usually do not care to lead but are often loyal followers."

Here are Hirsh &amp; Kummerow:

&gt;ISFPs are gentle and compassionate, open and flexible. They are considerate of others and do not force their views and opinions on them. They often focus on meeting others' needs, especially those who are less fortunate. Having a quiet, modest, self effacing style, ISFPs avoid disagreements and seek harmony with people as well as with nature. ...

&gt;They have little desire to impress others or to impose their will.

Here are Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (from *Type Talk*):

&gt;In their desire not to influence, they often forgo expressing themselves and their wishes in favor of blending in with others. This nonimposing nature and seeming lack of direction is so much a part of ISFPs that they can easily be either overlooked or overpowered by others. In a sense, they are the most invisible of the sixteen types. ...

&gt;ISFPs of either gender do not project a strong image, nor are they competitive in nature.

&gt;Male ISFPs are successful and highly regarded in various roles, and if someone is looking for a nurturing male, this type is a natural. Both female and male ISFPs often sell themselves short.

Here are Berens &amp; Nardi:

&gt;[ISFPs] seem to tap into what is extremely important to others and to themselves. They are the ones who listen to what others want and somehow pull together what is just right to get them just what they wanted, maybe even more than was expressed. ...

&gt;They often struggle with nurturing their own self-esteem and sometimes needlessly beat up on themselves. Others may not even notice their struggle because their style is so quiet and unassuming.

And Lenore Thomson notes that ISFPs have a "live and let live" attitude, and explains:

&gt;Such types seem laid-back, accommodating themselves to others' routines and structures, doing what's required of them and more, but they aren't really engaged. Congenial, good-natured, positive thinking, impressionable, and somewhat unassertive on the surface, their inner life is a tinderbox of yearning for something they can't define. ...

&gt;Such types acquire an increasing impression that they aren't fulfilling their purpose in life — that they've compromised their values for the sake of others' structural priorities. ...

&gt;Ultimately, IFPs in contention with unconscious Thinking impulses find themselves in a quandary because their dominant function urges them to make peace — to find common ground with others, to grant people's right to be who they are.

As those terms are typically used, I'd say the EJs take the prize for tending to be the most "dominant" and "take charge" types.

And as between the ETJs and the EFJs, the ETJs are somewhat more likely to get their boss on in work and other non-relationship contexts, while EFJs will tend to be more relationship-focused.

I think it's fair to say that EFJ women are both the quintessential domineering spouse/mom types and the quintessential social queen bees.&gt;Why do you keep posting here if you disagree with the information on the sidebar and about page of all of the types?

If you're somehow under the impression that the views expressed in this subreddit are supposed to be limited to the Harold Grant subschool of the MBTI — which, as I've often noted, is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — you are sadly mistaken.

And meanwhile, on this issue in particular, the quotes I presented *include* ISFP characterizations by Lenore Thomson, and by Berens &amp; Nardi — Harold Grantians all.

With all due respect, I'd guess that the only people who think ISFPs are among the most "dominant" and "take charge" types are people who don't get out much.
The fact that your "scores for Fe and Fi and Te and Ti are very close" does *not* mean you're "not understanding something." What it means is that you're trying to type yourself using a function model that doesn't line up with the real world.

And contrary to the impression you might otherwise get from the groupthink that dominates certain MBTI-related internet locations — like, well, *this one*, for example — the notion that you're either an "Fi/Te type" or an "Fe/Ti type" is the by-product of a function model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

If you're interested, you can read a lot more about that in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5uciow/a_bit_lost_on_my_type/ddt6op4/) and in the post linked to in its 2nd-to-last paragraph.
&gt;Because people naturally like to think they're smarter. Because of shoddy Sensor descriptions made by biased Intuitives, even some introverted Sensors who prefer being online to anything else mistype as Ns because Ns are made out to be the superior/more intellectual grouping, and anyone would like to be a part of that. It's an inherent flaw in most MBTI communities, citings and websites.

Below are membership stats for Personality Café and Typology Central. For each type, the first percentage is the percentage of that type at the forum, the second percentage (in parentheses) is the estimated "general population" percentage from the official MBTI folks (from [this page](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm)), and the final number on the right is the self-selection ratio for that type — i.e., the ratio of the forum percentage to the general population percentage.

**November 2014 membership stats for Personality Café**:

INFJ — 9133 — 15.7%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.5  
INTJ — 7307 — 12.6%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.0  
INFP — 11865 — 20.4%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.6  
INTP — 7825 — 13.5%  (3.3%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 3709 — 6.4%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.0  
ENTJ — 1681 — 2.9%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.6  
ENFJ — 1904 — 3.3%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFP — 4915 — 8.5%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.0  
ISTP — 1926 — 3.3%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.6  
ISFP — 1986 — 3.4%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.4  
ISTJ — 2094 — 3.6%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.3  
ESTP — 635 — 1.1%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISFJ — 1374 — 2.4%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESFP — 620 — 1.1%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 573 — 1.0%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 542 — 0.9%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1

**November 2014 membership stats for Typology Central**:

INFJ — 1782 — 16.1%  (1.5%) — ssr: 10.7  
INTJ — 1437 — 13.0%  (2.1%) — ssr: 6.2  
INTP — 1958 — 17.7%  (3.3%) — ssr: 5.4  
INFP — 2016 — 18.2%  (4.4%) — ssr: 4.1  
ENTP — 781 — 7.0%  (3.2%) — ssr: 2.2  
ENTJ — 298 — 2.7%  (1.8%) — ssr: 1.5  
ENFP — 1156 — 10.4%  (8.1%) — ssr: 1.3  
ENFJ — 321 — 2.9%  (2.5%) — ssr: 1.2  
ISTP — 304 — 2.7%  (5.4%) — ssr: 0.5  
ISFP — 256 — 2.3%  (8.8%) — ssr: 0.3  
ISTJ — 278 — 2.5%  (11.6%) — ssr: 0.2  
ESTP — 100 — 0.9%  (4.3%) — ssr: 0.2  
ISFJ — 181 — 1.6%  (13.8%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFP — 84 — 0.8%  (8.5%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESTJ — 74 — 0.7%  (8.7%) — ssr: 0.1  
ESFJ — 65 — 0.6%  (12.3%) — ssr: 0.05

Looking at the PerC stats (the larger sample): 62% of the members are INs (as compared to 11% of the general population), and 83% of the members are N's (as compared to 27% of the general population).

Every S type has a self-selection ratio of 0.6 or lower, and no N type has a self-selection ratio below 1.0. And the *lowest* self-selection ratio for the IN types is *13 times higher* than the *highest* self-selection ratio for the ES types.

The stats suggest than an average MBTI IN is something like *40 times more likely* than an average MBTI ES to join a personality-related internet forum.

And the stats for Typology Central are strikingly similar to the ones for PerC.

And nooooooo, mbti-mbti, contrary to the nonsense commonly spouted by mistype-conspiracy-theorists like you, those strongly lopsided ratios do *not* mostly reflect the impact of a massive swarm of forum S's who've mistyped themselves as N's — unlike *true blue N's* like you! What they reflect is the same dramatic impact of type on *what kinds of thing somebody's likely to be interested in* as the fact that Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all — can you guess? — INs.

&gt;Anyway, Si PoLR types (ENTJ &amp; ENFJ) are prone to bad health. Not only physical, but mental. They are also prone to working long times without giving themselves a break, and not being aware of their physical limits. They "don't let themselves rest" and are very obsessive about changing and controlling others' outlooks on things to further prevent future bad experiences because they cannot deal with them or find it very hard to. They also have a bad habit of needing to "externalize" their experiences, either that or they push them back and refuse to talk about them, wanting to push them away. They scoff at sensitivity (Si), even at their own expense, instead overloading on the harsher Se to overcompensate for their blind spot, and ultimately to their detriment.

Holy moly, mbti-mbti. Do you have any even semi-respectable source for your contention that ENTJs and ENFJs are more "prone to bad health" (physical and mental) than other types? Or did you just pull that out of some sun-deprived location?

FYI, the statistics discussed in the MBTI Manual indicate that ENTJs and ENFJs are among the types *least* prone to physical and mental health problems.

Buuut because you subscribe to a reality-challenged set of function descriptions, organized in a validity-challenged function stack, you apparently think "Si" is the aspect of type that's most tied to physical and mental health. And since you view "Si" as the "PoLR" (woo hoo! socionics!) of the EN_J types, you apparently feel free — please correct me if I'm wrong — to freaking *make up facts* that are nothing more than evidence-free extrapolations from what your goofy theoretical perspective would lead you to expect.

It may also interest you to hear (I'm a dreamer, I know) that the MBTI Manual also notes that both of the IS_J types — yeah, baby, the *Si-doms* — are *more* prone than average to some of the most common health problems. ISTJs and ISFJs are both above-average when it comes to hypertension, heart disease and chronic pain, not to mention substance abuse. ISTJs are also among the top two types when it comes to "negative affectivity," and ISFJs rank third. Both types are below average on the CPI "Well-Being" scale. And in a national sample, ISFJs ranked highest in reporting stress associated with "Health" and "Balancing home and work."

But enough about the IS_Js. I can't wait to check out your sources for the contention that EN_Js are "prone to bad health" — so hopefully you won't keep me waiting too long.

Helloooooo. These are public threads, and the audience for my posts is everyone who may read the thread.

When I correct one of your posts, you should assume my main goal is to try to minimize the number of *other* redditors who might otherwise be misled.

I don't assume I'm going to change your mind, and I don't really care if you care or not.

ADDED: As for your complaint that I'm not "respectfully" disagreeing with you: I would direct any interested reader's attention to [this recent comment of yours.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5v7ofx/opinions_on_personality_hacker/de02ehj/)

Hypocrisy much?&gt; So? I'm pointing out the fact that you seem eerily preoccupied with my comments in particular and won't stop posting your links and nitpicked statistics under my comments, even upon request. You were an asshole before I told you off and continued to be so after, and apparently, as I saw the first time you popped up under one of my comments (in that same chain of comments you linked), at least 3 other people who frequently read this subreddit felt the same way about you. You seem to be notorious for being annoying, preachy and generally self-righteous.

&gt; And of course my linked comment wasn't "polite", I responded that way because you were being impolite in the first place. Sneaky snarky comments like

&gt; &gt; You're free to subscribe to it if you want to, of course. You're free to subscribe to the zodiac, too, but is that really the kind of person you wanted to be when you grew up?

&gt; and

&gt; &gt; feel free to stay as ignorant as you like.

&gt; don't fly by as discreetly as you think, smartass.

&gt; Don't hide behind the "innocent critic" guise, either, because you have made frequent uncalled for rude comments towards me and others and continued to search for my comments just to try and "disprove" them.

&gt; Maybe you should work on your social skills a little more if you're going to be posting on, like you said, a public thread. Otherwise, if you continue acting like a condescending dickhead to everyone, they deserve the right to pay the same courtesy, or lack thereof, to you.

Sorry to rain on your self-righteous parade, mbti-mbti, but I've been posting at internet forums for over seven years now, and have received a grand total of one warning in all that time. I've made over 30,000 posts at INTJforum — a heavily moderated forum, I might add — and never been infracted once.

And one of the reasons for that record is that, when it comes to being caustic/condescending/smackdowny/etc., I tend to tailor the tone and approach of my posts to the person I'm addressing.

As between the two of us, in the context of our exchanges here, you're hardly in a position to play wounded innocent. That "zodiac" comment of mine was in reply to a comment of yours that scoffed at the "nonsense" at the personalityhacker site, questioned whether they had a "genuine interest" in the MBTI, and said they did "more damage than good." And then you replied to my post without reading my linked post, but told me you knew what my perspective was, and that it was "nonsense."

And so I'm not misunderstood, I'm not complaining about your tone there. I'm just saying you're in no position to complain about mine.

And in fact, you've aimed at least two comments in my direction that substantially outdo anything I've aimed at you in the offensive department.

[Here's the one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vfjbk/which_types_are_more_likely_to_be_dominant_in/de393ex/) where you told me I had no right to be posting at this subreddit at all if I wasn't willing to toe the line and adopt the Harold Grant function stack as my dogma.

And [here's the one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5v7ofx/opinions_on_personality_hacker/de02ehj/) where you refer to me as a "harpy" and my linked posts as "stupid"; inform me that almost anyone who's "read up more than 10 minutes on MBTI" undertands it better than I do; and say I "label [myself] INTJ for extra edgy points," and post because of "pent up frustrations."

Oh, and of course, in the post I'm currently replying to, you call me an "asshole" and a "dickhead."

So yeah, sorry, mbti-mbti, but as between the two of us, you're really not in a position to be complaining about my tone, or my condescension, or my rudeness — or anything else, really.

You also claim that I'm "eerily preoccupied" with your comments — so let me just note for the record that I've had interactions with you in a grand total of *four* reddit threads.

And as long as you've brought them up, I can't resist noting was one of them was [the one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vgwc4/si_as_a_blind_spot_how_does_this_look/de63bpv/) where you said ENTJs and ENFJs are notably prone to physical and mental health problems. And I pointed out that the MBTI Manual offers an array of statistical information for each of the 16 types, including the results of studies relating to physical and mental health issues, and that ENTJs and ENFJs are actually among the types *least* prone to health problems. And I've asked you if you have anything like a respectable source for your contradictory contention, and hey, maybe you'll surprise me and come through. But I'm not holding my breath.

And another one was [the one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vfjbk/which_types_are_more_likely_to_be_dominant_in/de2rp36/) where you said that ISFPs were among the four types most likely to be "dominant in the sense of taking charge" in the relationship department. And I quoted a number of sources (dichotomy-centric and function-centric both) to the effect that ISFPs are among the *least* dominant and "take charge" types, including in the relationship context.

And although I'm hardly "eerily preoccupied" with you, if you're going to continue to make MBTI-related posts that are as far as off-base as those, in threads that I end up reading, I think it's likely that I'll continue to disagree with you — although I promise never to call you a "harpy" or an "asshole" or a "dickhead." In over seven years of internet forum posting, I've never called a fellow poster any of those things.

Thanks for listening.
&gt; honestly, at this point I think the mods should just ban him. Hes been acting very trollish regardless of whether or not you agree with his opinions.

As I [just pointed out](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de6isgn/) to mbti-mbti, I've been posting at internet forums for over seven years now, and have received a grand total of one warning in all that time. I've made over 30,000 posts at INTJforum — a heavily moderated forum, I might add — and never been infracted once.

As for the "trollish" charge, I think it's fair to say that MBTIforumland posters don't come much more dweebily earnest than yours truly.

Can you point me to, say, three comments of mine here that you think constitute anything remotely approaching reasonable grounds for banning?

And if you can't, why are you suggesting that the mods should ban me?

Stalking him? Did you miss the part where I noted that we've interacted in a grand total of *four threads*.

Yeah, baby. I'm *such a stalker*.

And you're accusing *me* of being the "internet police"?&gt;First of all, every forum I've been on used the free online test for typing.

First of all, the people at the MBTI forums arrive at their types by way of a huge variety of processes. Many have taken online tests (often *multiple* online tests), and many have taken the official MBTI, and many have decided on types for themselves that differ in one or more ways from their test results, after reading up on the typology. If you're somehow under the impression that those PerC and Typology Central type statistics I posted reflect the results of some "online test" that either of those forum "uses" to type its members, you're mistaken.

&gt;And those at least in the questions, are biased to N over S.

I've been involved in online type-me exercises for seven years, and I've seen lots of people's results on lots of MBTI-related tests, and it's pretty rare, in my experience, for somebody's S/N result on the official MBTI to be different from their result on typical online knockoff tests — most of which have questions that are pretty similar to the ones on the official MBTI.

And FYI, S/N is actually the only MBTI dimension where the overall (male and female together) percentages aren't relatively close to 50/50 — and *the skew is in the S direction*. The [official MBTI folks report](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp) that approximately 27% of the general population (based on U.S. samples) comes out N on the MBTI.

&gt;The questions that determine S/N are usually things that ask if you have any imagination at all, or are capable of seeing anything below the surface ever.

Please point me to an online MBTI test with a question that asks "if you have any imagination at all" or if you're "capable of seeing anything below the surface ever."

Here are five of the S/N items from the official MBTI, and as I said, the more well-known online tests use items with a similar flavor.

&gt;If you were a teacher, would you rather teach (S) fact courses, or (N) courses involving theory?

&gt;Would you rather be considered (S) a practical person, or (N) an ingenious person?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (N) imaginative, or (S) matter-of-fact?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (S) sensible, or (N) fascinating?

&gt;Would you rather (S) support the established methods of doing good, or (N) analyze what is still wrong and attack unsolved problems?

N's have a tendency to look at those kinds of S/N items and say, ZOMG, they make S's sound sooooo boring! Who the fuck would choose the S responses to those items?!

Buuut around 70% of the U.S. population prefers the S responses to those items. Because they're S's.

As discussed at some length (as is my wont) in [this two-part post,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/mbti-tm-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/67136-jung-ni-doms-yall-bunch-crazies-post2221037.html#post2221037) Jung's function model for a typical person who qualified as one of his "types" called for the person to have two predominantly conscious functions — a dominant function and an "auxiliary" function that, to a substantial degree, *served* the dominant function — and for those two functions to have the *same attitude* in E/I terms (which Jung referred to as the "conscious attitude"). And Jung's model also envisioned two unconscious functions with the opposite attitude, and with the tertiary function largely serving as a kind of "auxiliary" to the inferior function. So, for example, Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux was Ni-Ti-Fe-Se.

As also discussed in that first linked post, and as the majority of Jung scholars agree, Myers misinterpreted (perhaps mistakenly, perhaps somewhat disingenuously) Jung and claimed that Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux was Ni-Te-Fe-Se — a stack which Myers endorsed but didn't really make much use of.

Then came Harold Grant, an obscure religious writer who declared, in *Image to Likeness: A Jungian Path in the Gospel Journey* (1983), that the attitude of the tertiary function should be viewed as the *same* as the dominant — a change which, when combined with Myers's adjustment to the auxiliary, resulted in the familiar (to internet forumites) model that says INTJ=Ni-Te-Fi-Se.

So the notion that someone has a tertiary function that (unlike the auxiliary function) has the *same attitude* as the dominant is inconsistent with *both* Jung and Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And perhaps most importantly, that Grant function stack (and its associated "function axes") has no respectable body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should really be considered all but *disproven* at this point — and anyone who's interested can find quite a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion of that issue in [this post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
The Jung passages that I quote and discuss in [this two-post analysis (the first link in my linked post)](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/67136-jung-ni-doms-yall-bunch-crazies-post2221037.html#post2221037) are emphatically not Jung talking about some rare, fringe type. They're Jung talking about typical extraverts and introverts, who he said would *typically* have an auxiliary function that was the "opposite" of the dominant in judging/perceiving terms — but *not* in E/I terms.

Jung explained (in Chapter X of *Psychological Types*) that "only those functions can appear as auxiliary whose nature is not opposed to the leading function. For instance, feeling can never act as the second function by the side of thinking, because its nature stands in too strong a contrast to thinking. Thinking, if it is to be real thinking and true to its own principle, must scrupulously exclude feeling."

As I'm always pointing out: as Jung saw it, the dynamics of the human psyche revolved first and foremost around a single great divide, and that divide involved *two* all-important components — namely, introversion/extraversion *and* conscious/unconscious — and Jung spent far more of *Psychological Types* discussing the *opposed* characteristics that he thought *all introverts* and *all extraverts* have in common than he did talking about all eight of the functions put together. As Jung saw it, of all the components that go into Jungian type, there was no "opposition" more strong and profound than the one between introversion and extraversion. And in fact, as further discussed in that two-post analysis, Jung viewed the conflicting aspects of extraversion and introversion as so fundamentally opposed that it was ultimately impossible to truly reconcile them in terms of anything in the nature of conscious reasoning. Instead, Jung said extraversion and introversion could only be reconciled in a kind of inchoate and fragile way, by a process he referred to as the "transcendent function," through which a "symbol" would arise from the unconscious that would allow the repressed unconscious libido to surface in a constructive way and unite with the conscious attitude — but only temporarily.

Whenever Jung wrote about how an introvert's introversion gets balanced (or "compensated," as he more often put it) by extraversion (and *vice versa*) — and he actually devoted a great deal of *Psychological Types* to that issue — he consistently envisioned the E/I balance happening by way of the unconscious, and never by way of a differentiated conscious function oriented in the opposite direction. In other words, Jung envisioned that an introvert's extraverted "compensation" would come by way of the unconscious functions in the same way that he envisioned that a T-dom's feeling "compensation" would come by way of the inferior function. And in both cases, that compensating force (extraversion or feeling) was located in the unconscious because it was repressed, and it was repressed precisely because it *opposed* the dominant function in a way that made it unsuitable to partner *consciously* with the dominant as an auxiliary function.

Toward the end of the two-post analysis, I quote four paragraphs from Chapter X about the opposite orientation of extraverts (*all* extraverts) and introverts (*all* introverts) when it comes to making *judgments*. And Jung explains that extraverts are "individuals who in all their **judgments, perceptions**, feelings, affects, and actions feel external factors to be the predominant motivating force, or who at least give weight to them no matter whether causal or final motives are in question."

Again: Jung says extraverts are individuals who are *extraverted* in their *judgments and perceptions both*. And that's clearly inconsistent with the idea that a typical extravert would either be extraverted in their judgments and introverted in their perceptions, or extraverted in their perceptions and introverted in their judgments.

And there's more discussion of those four paragraphs in the linked post, and I've been pointing forumites to that discussion for several years now, and I have yet to encounter anyone with anything close to a credible way of reconciling those paragraphs with the notion that Jung thought the dominant and auxiliary functions would have opposite attitudes (in E/I terms).
I've just posted [a reply.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5veoxn/team_jungwasaninfjintjers_please_make_your_case/deb9682/)&gt;Here are a couple of useful remarks:  
&gt;• Extroverted Functions operate consciously.  
&gt;• Introverted Functions operate subconsciously.

Your conflation of extraversion/introversion with conscious/unconscious is inconsistent with both Jung and the MBTI.

As Jung saw things, if you were one of his types, you had what he referred to as a "conscious attitude" and an "unconscious attitude," and the former was the same as the attitude of your dominant function, and the latter was the same as the attitude of your inferior function. So if you were a Ti-dom, introverted thinking would be one of your two "conscious functions," and extraverted feeling (your inferior) would be one of your two "unconscious functions."

And Myers gave a lot less attention to supposedly "unconscious" goings-on than Jung did, but certainly didn't view an introvert's dominant introverted function as notably *unconscious.*
&gt;The nature of the first extroverted function is relevant to temperament and behavior because **extraverted functions operate in the conscious** and interact with the outer world while **introverted functions operate in the subconscious** and interact with the inner world.

As I just explained to you [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5x54ix/p_vs_j_the_most_important_dichotomy_after_i_vs_e/defdkej/) your conflation of extraversion/introversion with conscious/unconscious is inconsistent with both Jung and the MBTI.

In case you're interested, you can find a metric ass ton of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)
See [this long PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) which talks about Jung's function stack, and includes several quotes about the two "conscious functions" and the two "unconscious functions."The forum-famous model that says that INTJ=Ni-Te-Fi-Se and INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe (and ZOMG, INTJs and INTPs have *no functions in common*) is the Harold Grant function stack — and it's a model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a by-product of the Grant model, and it's nonsense.

If you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, and the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.

A-a-and as a final note, that last linked post is in a thread that also includes a 10-post (I am not making this up) extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions (including two posts of chewy J/P goodness), a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?" — and if you're interested, that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)
For starters, it may interest you to hear that Jung himself said that more people were in the middle on E/I than were extraverts or introverts — and characterized those ambiverts as "the normal man." And Jung also stressed that people of the same type varied considerably in terms of the strength (or, as he often characterized it, "one-sidedness") of their preferences. Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions. So the idea of middleness on one or more dimensions goes all the way back to the MBTI's theoretical roots.

The official MBTI test is designed on the *operational assumption* that people have four preferences, and assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension. But that's a very different thing from saying that the MBTI theory says that it *isn't possible* for someone to be in the middle on any dimension — and in fact, the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. And the more recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the T side (for example) of some of them and the F side of the rest.

And I'm certainly not saying that you can't find bad MBTI sources ([here's one!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaKvy3rSRhQ)) that will tell you, oh, nooooo, everybody's either a Jungian introvert or a Jungian extravert, and if they don't know which they are, it just means they need to *study the cognitive functions* or something...

But *respectable* MBTI sources don't take the position that being in the middle is *impossible* on any of the four dimensions.

So *if* you're in or close to the middle on E/I and T/F (and I'm not saying that you necessarily are, and suspect you may well be an INFJ), I'd suggest that it makes more sense to think of your type in that dichotomy-centric way, rather than to think of yourself as some kind of messy combination of several different types (much less as having some kind of "dissociative identity disorder").

Just in case you might be interested, I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension (and it sounds like that may be a significant factor in terms of your personality), and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)

As a final note, and just so you know, the forum-famous type model that says that an INFJ (for example) is Ni-Fe-Ti-Se is the Harold Grant function stack — and on top of the fact that it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has no respectable body of evidence behind it, it has also never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And if you're ever open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
It sounds like you may have slightly misread one of my linked posts. I noted that INTJs often get high scores on Ni, Ne, Ti and Te on Nardi's test, but not that INTPs get low Ni scores. I also mentioned that *all four* IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti.

And especially if you look at my last linked post, you'll understand why I don't recommend trying to type yourself using function descriptions (and the Grant function stack) *generally*. The problem isn't just a test problem.

Assuming you got to [the last of those 10 posts,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961) you've already read my jaundiced take on the notion that INTJs and INTPs are very different *deep down inside* because woah, moving from J to P *flips all your functions*. In fact, INTJs and INTPs are arguably more like each other than either type is to any other type, and it's not uncommon for people to feel like they're not far from the J/P middle. I've been participating in type-me exercises at INTJforum for seven years now, and "Am I INTJ or INTP?" is the most common question posed by type-me subjects over there — and by a pretty wide margin. And many of those are people who've read up on the MBTI (including the functions), read INTJ and INTP profiles, and ended up concluding (1) that they relate better to INTJ and INTP descriptions than any other types, and (2) that they relate pretty much equally well to INTJ and INTP.

If you set what you see as your *function strengths* aside, and just focus on the J/P stuff in my [two-post roundup](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) — and the [INTJ and INTP profiles](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699953.html#post2699953) (if you looked at those) — would you say the J and INTJ stuff sounds like a better fit for you overall, or do you really not end up with a lean either way?

As a final note, you mention feeling like you were more extraverted (and something of a class clown) when you were young, and just in case you missed it, I talk about that exact issue toward the end of [the first of those 10 posts.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950) 
It may interest you to hear that Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about extraversion and introversion than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were essentially *in the middle* on E/I than were extraverted or introverted — and characterized those ambiverts as "the normal man." And Jung also stressed that people of the same type varied considerably in terms of the strength (or, as he often characterized it, "one-sidedness") of their preferences. Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions. So the idea of middleness on one or more dimensions goes all the way back to the MBTI's theoretical roots.

The official MBTI test is designed on the *operational assumption* that people have four preferences, and assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension. But that's a very different thing from saying that the MBTI theory says that it *isn't possible* for someone to be in the middle on any dimension — and in fact, the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. And the more recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the T side (for example) of some of them and the F side of the rest.

The "highlander rule" undoubtedly works fine for some things, but it doesn't really have any respectable place in the world of Jungian/MBTI type.
Although both spellings of "extraversion" can be found in the dictionary, Jung coined the term, and he spelled it with an "a" — and rightly referred to later "o" spellings as "bad latin." Isabel Myers also spelled it with an "a," and it's spelled with an "a" in all the most well-known MBTI sources, in virtually all the leading Big Five sources, and in most other academic-psychology sources.

Anybody's free to spell it either way, of course, but it seems to me that there's some advantage to having a consistency of spelling for the main terms (at least) involved in a respectable field of study — particularly in the context of journals (and forums, and subreddits) devoted to discussions of that field.

And again, when it comes to the field of personality psychology generally (not just the MBTI), the "extraversion" spelling isn't just slightly favored; it's very strongly favored.

In case you're interested in the Wikipedia Talk discussion of which spelling should be used in the Wikipedia article, it's here:

[Wikipedia Talk: Reasons to use ExtrAversion instead of ExtrOversion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Extraversion_and_introversion#Reasons_to_use_ExtrAversion_instead_of_ExtrOversion)

&gt;I think you may have misunderstood Jung. He did believe that everyone was either an introvert or an extravert, fundamentally. He also pointed out that everyone displays the surface characteristics typical of both introverts and extraverts at different times and under different circumstances, and that some people are more easily placed in one category while others are more difficult to place. Jung was aware of the difficulties, dangers and ambiguities of typing, but he nevertheless believed that everyone has a type that *can* be nailed down at least in principle.

I'm sorry, nefnaf, but as the old saying goes... you're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts.

Jung framed his eight *dominant function* types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and Chapter X of *Psychological Types* is organized accordingly.

And in 1923 — two years after *Psychological Types* was published — Jung gave a lecture (separately published in 1925) that's included in the *Collected Works* edition of *Psychological Types*. After first introducing the audience to the "extraverted" and "introverted" types, Jung said this:

&gt;There is, finally, a third group, and here it is hard to say whether the motivation comes chiefly from within or without. This group is the most numerous and includes the less differentiated normal man, who is considered normal either because he allows himself no excesses or because he has no need of them. The normal man is, by definition, influenced as much from within as from without. He constitutes the extensive middle group, on one side of which are those whose motivations are determined mainly by the external object, and, on the other, those whose motivations are determined from within. I call the first group *extraverted*, and the second group *introverted*.

So... not only did Jung think it was *possible* for a "less differentiated" person to be neither an extravert nor an introvert — he thought it was *common*, and characterized those people as "normal."
&gt; The problem is one of interpretation. You interpret Jung's "undifferentiated" to mean lacking a fundamental type. On another reading it seems that the "undifferentiated" are simply more difficult to type, while Jung allows the possibility that this could change on closer clinical inspection or if the individual changes in an appropriate way.

There are interpretations, and there are misinterpretations.

Jung said that people fell into *three groups*. He said the first group was "extraverted" and the second group was "introverted." And he said that the third group — you know, the people who were *neither extraverted nor introverted* — were "influenced as much from within as from without," were the "most numerous" of the three groups, and included what he called the "normal man."

There is no *reasonable* interpretation of that paragraph that supports your assertion that Jung claimed "everyone was either an introvert or an extravert, fundamentally."
In developing the Myers-Briggs typology, Myers departed from Jung in many ways, both large and small, and it's pretty common to encounter forum posters with the perspective that the MBTI, to the extent that it departs from Jung, mostly represents an oversimplified dumbing-down of Jung and/or a misunderstanding of Jung. But on the contrary, the MBTI owes much of its spectacular success to the fact that the great majority of Briggs' and Myers' additions, corrections and other changes were improvements — including appropriate *expansions* — to Jung's original conceptions of the types.

There's certainly no denying that one of the results of Myers' changes to Jung is that each of her 16 type descriptions differs (to varying degrees) from Jung's description of the cognitive function (and function-dom) that purportedly corresponds to that type. And if I wanted to pick a single cognitive function where Myers' conception of the corresponding types departed the most from Jung, I'm pretty sure I'd pick *introverted sensation*.

As Jung saw it, Si-doms were awkward, touchy eccentrics, detached from reality, who inhabited "a mythological world, where men, animals, railways, houses, rivers, and mountains appear partly as benevolent deities and partly as malevolent demons." Not only does Jung's portrait bear little resemblance to a typical IS_J, I think anyone not inclined to treat Jung with too much reverence would have to agree that Jung's portrait bears little resemblance to *any* significantly numerous group of normal-range people who've ever walked the face of the earth.

In describing what he referred to as "the reality-alienating subjectivity of this type," Jung said that an Si-dom "has an illusory conception of reality," and that the relation between the actual physical world and the Si-dom's perceptions of it is "unpredictable and arbitrary." Both because of that and because, in Jung's view, the Si-dom's thinking and feeling functions "are relatively unconscious and, if conscious at all, have at their disposal only the most necessary, banal, everyday means of expression," Jung said that not only is it typical for Si-doms to be unable to really communicate their views to the world in understandable ways — an Si-dom also typically "fares no better in understanding himself."

Jung said the main hope for an Si-dom to be able to communicate his thoughts to others was through art — in which case, although others would then be able to get a better glimpse of the Si-dom's soul, the "irrationality" of the Si-dom's perspective would also be "extraordinarily striking" — but alas, Jung also noted that artistic Si-doms were the exception rather than the rule, with the result that, "as a rule, [the Si-dom] resigns himself to his isolation."

Myers abandoned the vast majority of Jung's strange, collective-unconscious-dominated conception of what Si involved in creating her portraits of IS_Js — based on many years of typing and gathering correlational data with respect to thousands of subjects.

Far from suffering from a "reality-alienating subjectivity" that caused their relation to the real world to be "unpredictable and arbitrary," Myers portrayed IS_Js as among the most down-to-earth and realistic of all the types. She called them the "most practical of the introvert types," and said "they have a complete, realistic, practical respect both for the facts and for whatever responsibilities these facts create. Sensing provides the facts, and after the introverts' characteristic pause for reflection, their judgment accepts the responsibilities."

Far from being uncommunicative eccentrics who more grounded and productive people would be prone to view as (in Jung's words) "the most useless of men," Myers viewed IS_Js as having the kinds of personality characteristics that tend to make them model employees in many respects. To quote the brief capsule descriptions at the myersbriggs.org website:

&gt;ISTJ

&gt;Quiet, serious, earn success by thoroughness and dependability. Practical, matter-of-fact, realistic, and responsible. Decide logically what should be done and work toward it steadily, regardless of distractions. Take pleasure in making everything orderly and organized — their work, their home, their life. Value traditions and loyalty.

&gt;ISFJ

&gt;Quiet, friendly, responsible, and conscientious. Committed and steady in meeting their obligations. Thorough, painstaking, and accurate. Loyal, considerate, notice and remember specifics about people who are important to them, concerned with how others feel. Strive to create an orderly and harmonious environment at work and at home.

My parents are both IS_Js, and I've dealt with quite a few others, and I have to say that I find that Myers' take captures them far better than Jung's. And the thing is, not only am I far from alone in finding that Myers' (and Keirsey's) IS_J — and SJ — descriptions are more accurate (not to mention richer and more insightful) than Jung's, but the people who agree with me (on the accurate part at the least) include every reasonably well-known *cognitive functions theorist* I've ever read — including Thomson, Berens, Nardi and Quenk. So this is not really a *dichotomies-vs-functions* issue.

Lenore Thomson notes that Sensation gives *all* S-doms "an appreciation for objective facts and circumstances, as perceived by the senses, [and] excellent powers of observation"; and she says Si-doms "count on established facts and concrete results" and particularly excel at "accumulat[ing] information — names, dates, numbers, statistics, references, guidelines, and so forth," and that Si "prompts [them] to reconcile [their] new impressions with the ones [they've] already stored." She also notes that Si-doms "consider it a point of honor to discharge their responsibilities, to be on time, and to keep their word"; and are "reassured by a defined place in a larger group." They "make it their business to know how things are supposed to work ... and they're concerned that others take these operating standards seriously as well." So Thomson's Si-doms are basically Myers' IS_Js, not Jung's Si-doms.

Linda Berens (who also makes use of Keirsey's SJ descriptions in her multifaceted approach) and Dario Nardi also describe Si-doms in ways that are essentially consistent with Myers and inconsistent with Jung. Berens explains that sensing — for Se-doms and Si-doms both — "is a process of becoming aware of sensory information and often involves responding to that sensory information without any judgment or evaluation of it. ... In the Sensing process, the focus is on the actual experience, the facts and the data."

Here's an "ISTJ snapshot" from Berens and Nardi: "Theme is planning and monitoring, ensuring predictable quality. Thorough, systematic, and careful. See discrepancies, omissions and pitfalls. Talents lie in administrating and regulating. Dependable, realistic, and sensible. Want to conserve the resources of the organization, group, family, or culture and persevere toward that goal. Thrive on planning ahead and being prepared. Like helping others through their roles as parent, supervisor, teammate, and community volunteer."

Similarly, Naomi Quenk explains: "Introverted sensing types are careful and orderly in their attention to facts and details. They are thorough and conscientious in fulfilling their responsibilities. ... They are typically seen as well grounded in reality, trustworthy, and dedicated to preserving traditional values and time-honored institutions. With their focus on the reality of the present, they trust the evidence of their senses, and rely on carefully accumuated past and present evidence to support their conclusions and planned courses of action. ... They tend to take a skeptical, critical attitude to information that has not been verified by the senses and are likely to distrust people who are careless about facts, sloppy about details, and favor imagination and novelty over accuracy and solid substantiation."

Again, Quenk's Si-doms are basically Myers' IS_Js. In terms of the relationship of an Si-dom to sensory data and reality in general, Quenk's conception of introverted sensation — like Myers' and Thomson's and Berens' and Nardi's — comes closer to resembling the *opposite* of Jung's Si-dom than matching Jung's conception.

And again, Thomson, Quenk, Berens and Nardi are the most well-known MBTI theorists whose approaches are centered more around the cognitive functions than the dichotomies. I assume it goes without saying that all the well-known authors who follow the MBTI's dichotomy-centric approach — like Keirsey and Kroeger &amp; Thuesen — offer IS_J profiles that match Myers' IS_J descriptions far more than Jung's Si-dom description, so I'll spare y'all quotations from them.

Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them. If Jung was still around and became aware that, 90 years after *Psychological Types* was published, somebody was inclined to ignore all the improvements that had been made to his original ideas by Myers and others and was telling people they should be typing themselves based on his original function descriptions in *Psychological Types*, I really don't think he'd approve.
&gt; Um... Okay? This text seems wasted here.

&gt; I never made a claim that these two quotes holistically captured the nature of ISJs. I never made a claim that Jung is the end-all-be-all; I only quoted a small portion of his text to highlight a small element of Si. Note that Bierut is an incredibly successful graphic artist and educator; in the episode he discusses his work on the Clinton '16 logo and his work on the logo for the NCAA's Big 10. I used an incredibly successful person as an example of an Si-user, not an incompetent one. I never told anyone to use this method to type themselves. Unless you want to make this a functions vs. dichotomies argument I don't see how your post is relevant, sorry.

Um... Okay?

You pointed your readers to that Jung quote as your *only* characterization of Si, followed by what you said was a "good example of the Si function operating in normal conversation."

And as I noted in my comment (did you even read it?), this is really *not* a "functions vs. dichotomies argument."Can you explain what aspects of that Michael Bierut quote make it a "good example of the Si function operating in normal conversation"?That quote comes from the same part of *Psychological Types* (the part of Chapter 10 where Jung describes Si and Si-doms) as the Jung quote in the OP.

Jung deserves a lot of credit for being sensitive to a lot of the two-kinds-of-people-in-the-world psychological qualities that have ended up (albeit sometimes in adjusted form) in the MBTI (not to mention the Big Five). But he made some significant mistakes, too, including putting some of those characteristics in the wrong slots (e.g., grouping them with other characteristics that modern studies have shown *don't really co-vary*). And for reasons beyond the scope of this thread — including the conflation of E/I with concrete/abstract that's discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) — I think it's probably fair to say that he jumped the shark worse with his Si characterizations than with any of the other seven functions.

Generally speaking (and to somewhat oversimplify), passages where Jung describes someone prioritizing "primordial images" or other kinds of internal abstractions over the cold, hard facts tend to be better matches for MBTI N's than for MBTI S's.

But in any case, more specifically, and as described in my first comment, Jung's Chapter 10 descriptions of Si and Si-doms are *not* a good match for the people who are categorized as SJs under the modern MBTI — and that's something that *both* dichotomy-centric guys like me *and* more function-centric theorists like Thomson, Berens, Nardi and Quenk all agree on.
It sounds to me like you've mistyped yourself, probably based on misguided cognitive function analysis. I suspect that the reason you "constantly test as an IN" is that you're an N (in modern MBTI terms).

In case you're interested, you can find a metric ass ton of typing assistance from me (including on both the S/N and J/P fronts), not to mention a lot of dichotomies-vs.-functions discussion, in the posts linked to in the last two paragraphs of [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5x8t4a/im_a_combination_of_4_different_mbti_types_is/deg88ep/)
My reply to Lavenderteacups mentioned dichotomies-vs-functions (because relevant to that post).

My reply to you explained why the issues discussed in it really *weren't* a dichotomies-vs-functions thang.

Sorry if too much nuance for you. ;)There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and it's not uncommon to encounter poorly-informed debunkings of the MBTI on the internet, comparing the MBTI to astrology or otherwise tossing it in the *pseudoscience* bin. But temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.In my experience, it's not uncommon to read internet forum posts that contrast two or more personality typologies and take the position that, on top of whatever other differences there may be, the typologies are really, in effect, operating at what you might call *different levels*. Jung and/or the functions are about *how you think* and the MBTI is about *behavior*. Or Jung/MBTI are about how you think and the Big Five is about behavior. Or the enneagram is about *motivations* and the MBTI is about *information processing*. And on and on.

I think framing the various typologies in that way is largely a mistake, and if you want to read more about why, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/638818-mathematics-socionics-post22015394.html#post22015394)

As further described in the linked post: at the end of the day, virtually *every* respectable personality typology — very much including *both* the MBTI and Big Five — deals, at its core, with *internal* temperament dimensions and the various ways they end up being typically manifested *both* internally (by way of values, motivations, thinking processes, attitudes, emotional responses, etc.) and externally (through speech and behavior).

But it's also worth emphasizing that, for an ordinary person looking for a typology to help them understand how the personality components that the MBTI and Big Five tap into combine to form multiple relatively distinct personalities, and looking for rich descriptions of those personalities, I don't think there's any question that the Big Five can't really compete with the MBTI. There's no Big Five equivalent of Jung's *Psychological Types*, or Myers' *Gifts Differing*, or Keirsey's *Please Understand Me*, or any of the other reasonably well-regarded MBTI sources that are aimed at non-academics.

And maybe the most important point to stress on the *MBTI vs. Big Five* issue is that there's really no need to *choose* one or the other. Assuming that the real underlying temperament dimensions that the MBTI is dealing with (in its imperfect way) are the same as four of the dimensions that the Big Five is dealing with (in its imperfect way), I don't see any reason not to look to respectable Big Five sources *and* respectable MBTI sources (as I do) for interesting data and possible insights into the nature of those dimensions.
Can we just delete all those "Can we just delete all those..." posts?Now you're just being silly.Your title makes it sound like you've matured enough to be realistic.

If you've reached the point where you realize that your SO isn't who you should be looking to for adventure, or excitement, or passion, or affirmation, or declarations of love, or other expressions of fondness, then you may be ready to settle down with an INTJ.
My Ni warned me there might be squishes.You'll find more in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.That "cheat sheet" reflects the Harold Grant function stack and its associated "function axes," which are inconsistent with Jung's function model. So it's definitely not a *Jungian* cheat sheet (contrary to your title), and Pierce makes no reference to Jung there — and my understanding is that Pierce doesn't claim that was Jung's model.Here's what the MBTI Manual says about the proper "frame of mind" for taking the official MBTI:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.
It's possible that the problem isn't with you; it's with the functions.

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)A thousand times yes.

I agree with James Reynierse, an MBTI practitioner who has rightly (IMO) concluded — in a 2009 article (["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) in the journal published by the official MBTI folks — that the eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that people like Linda Berens love to talk about are best viewed as nothing more than a "category mistake."

And contrary to the notion that a function-centric perspective offers more richness and depth than a (properly framed) dichotomy-centric perspective, and as Reynierse explains in that linked article, it's actually the dichotomy-centric perspective that's richer and more flexible.

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
Reynierse doesn't "misunderstand the discussion and theory of Myers in regards to type dynamics."

What I call the Real MBTI Model says that INFPs and ESTJs have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common*.

That's either true or it isn't true.

The most popular function-based model (the Harold Grant function stack) says that INFPs and ESTJs have quite a lot of personality aspects in common, because they're both "Fi/Te types" and "Ne/Si types" — although it's understood that they also *differ* in significant ways that purportedly correspond to those functions' differing positions in their respective "stacks."

And the assertion that INFPs and ESTJs have significant MBTI-related aspects of personality in common is either true or it isn't true.

It makes no sense to say that the Real MBTI Model and the Harold Grant function stack should be viewed as "apples and oranges," with the latter just *adding* what you call "depth of understanding" to the former.

The two models *conflict* in fundamental ways, and when it comes to those issues, they can't *both be right*, each in their own special way.

And as Reynierse rightly notes, there's now over 50 years of data that pretty conclusively indicates that the notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

It doesn't matter *what* aspect of personality (internal/attitudinal or external/behavioral) is being correlated with type — it virtually never turns out that the INFPs and ESTJs are on one side of the correlational spectrum (with the rest of the Fi and/or Te and/or Ne and/or Si types) and the INFJs and ESTPs are on the other.
I don't know who you're talking to, but it certainly isn't Reynierse, and it certainly isn't me.

Of course everybody thinks and feels and etc.

The Grant-based notion that INFPs and ESTJs have *MBTI-related aspects of personality in common* isn't the notion that INFPs and ESTJs both "think" and "feel". Instead, it's the notion that there are aspects of the *specific ways* those two types think and feel (as "Fi" and "Te" types) that makes them (1) similar (albeit not identical) to each other, *and* (2) different (in those specific respects) from INFJs and ESTPs (who are purportedly "Ti" and "Fe" types).

And again, that notion is either true or not true *as a factual matter* — and if it's true, its truth is capable of being *validated* by way of data pools where whatever is being correlated with type is something where Fi and/or Fe and/or Ti and/or Te are the main influences.

And again, those Grantian correlational patterns *virtually never show up*. They're like zodiac signs that way.

It doesn't matter what you're correlating with type. If the INFPs are notably far out toward one end of the spectrum, you can reliably expect to find the ESTJs pretty much just as far out toward the opposite end.

&gt; Why is that?

Because, as James Reynierse explained in a 2009 article (["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) in the journal published by the official MBTI folks, those eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that you hear so much about on teh internet are best characterized as a "category mistake."

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
You're an INF.

And just in case you're interested, I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)

I suspect the long S/N discussion in the second post in that series may help put your doubts about your N to rest.

And the eighth and ninth posts have a lot of input on J/P.
It depends what you mean by *embracing the functions*.

The official MBTI folks have never endorsed the Harold Grant function stack and its associated "function axes" (or "tandems"). Myers took the position (consistent with Jung) that the tertiary's attitude would be the opposite of the dominant, and that has always been the official MBTI stance (although they acknowledge that Harold Grant and various of his followers disagree).

More importantly, though, Myers never paid much attention to the tertiary and inferior functions *at all* — and although Myers gave the dominant and auxiliary functions quite a bit of lip service in the opening sections of *Gifts Differing*, she pretty much ended up leaving the functions behind (rightly) in favor of a dichotomy-centric approach that said that the dichotomy combinations that supposedly corresponded to the functions didn't have any special significance as compared to the other combinations. And in fact, Myers said that the dichotomy combinations that had the most significance were NF, NT, SF and ST — a type foursome that's noteworthy in the sense that each member consists of four types with *four different "dominant functions"*.

And Myers' dichotomy-centric approach — reflected in the Real MBTI Model described in [the Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) (indirectly) linked to in my first comment and in Reynierse's article — has remained the dominant perspective in the respectable districts of MBTI-land, and if you're interested, you can find a more detailed discussion of that issue in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5rzat4/need_help_confirmingchanging_my_type_identity/ddbqncv/)

Buuut alas, Myers' lip service to the functions created what proved to be a significant *marketing opportunity* for a handful of MBTI theorists who've made names for themselves in the last 20 years or so by peddling a more function-centric version of the MBTI. And for better or worse (and I think it's unfortunate), both the CAPT and the Myers-Briggs Foundation have long reflected the attitude that the MBTI "community" is basically all one big happy family, and — within certain limits — dichotomy-centric theorist/practitioners are free to be dichotomy-centric and function-centric theorist/practitioners are free to be function-centric, and everybody can sell their books and hold their seminars and it's all good.
See my back-and-forth with Special_Snowflake98, starting with [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/633wv2/does_anyone_actually_prefer_the_four_letter/dfsaxkk/)

When an INTP's alleged anecdotal experience dancing with NFJs and NFPs is at odds with the correlational patterns reflected in 50 years of MBTI data pools, I would respectfully suggest that the former should defer to the latter.

The world is full of believers in the zodiac who have lots of anecdotal experiences to relate in support of that "typology." That doesn't make the zodiac real.

If you start from INTP and you flip the T to F, you get INFP, and a typical INFP's personality is different from a typical INTP's personality in various ways. And if you start from INTP and you flip the P to J, you get INTJ, and a typical INTJ's personality is different from a typical INTP's personality in various ways.

And if you start from INTP and you flip *both* the T and the P, you get INFJ, and common sense would lead most people to suspect that flipping *both* the T and the P is going to get you to a type that is *more different* from the INTP than a type where only preference is flipped.

Now, there are certainly cases in the field of knowledge (in both the harder sciences and the social sciences) where the way things actually work turns out to be counterintuitive, and so you can't always trust "common sense." But in the case of flipping MBTI preferences, 50 years of MBTI data pools have pretty clearly established that in this particular case, common sense is right on target — and Harold Grant was wrong.

The notion that an INFJ has "tertiary Ti," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Ti" aspects of personality in common with a typical INTP that INFPs and INTJs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
You're missing the point, which is whether the type model involves sorting people into valid groups in the first place. Assuming it does, there's no limit to the aspects of personality/cognition/whatever that you can end up discussing or explaining with respect to any of those groups. If NJs have things in common (and they certainly do), you can just as well focus on those, and analyze them, if you view them as "NJ" things as you can if you view them as "Ni" things.

Subscribing to the Real MBTI Model doesn't somehow prevent you from exploring "inter-type relationships" or any other aspect of personality.

But if you're working with a model that says that not only do NJs have those things in common, but hey, they share them (to some significant extent) with SPs — cuz SPs are "Ni" types, too — then you're working with a model that has failed to find any respectable level of validity in the face of 50 years of MBTI data pools to the contrary.

And that's why focusing on "Ni" aspects of personality/cognition/whatever that *NJs and SPs have in common* — and that NPs and SJs (as "Ne" types) *don't* share — is truly in the same category as focusing on aspects of personality/cognition/whatever that Capricorns share. It's an *invalid grouping*.
&gt; If something has something in common doesn't mean they can't be different.

Agreed, sir!

But the point is that they've been correlating MBTI with just about everything under the sun — internal/attitudinal stuff, external/behavioral stuff, you name it — for over 50 years now. And it doesn't matter *what* aspect of personality anybody chooses to focus on — it virtually never turns out that the FPs and TJs are on one side of the correlational spectrum and the FJs and TPs are on the other (because "Fi" and/or "Fe" and/or "Ti" and/or "Te" are the main influences on whatever's being correlated), or that the NPs and SJs are on one side of the correlational spectrum and the NJs and SPs are on the other (because "Ni" and/or "Ne" and/or "Si" and/or "Se" are the main influences on whatever's being correlated).

It's not that Grant-stack subscribers claim that FP types aren't different from TJ types in many respects. Of course they don't! And for that matter, they also understand that any particular FP type is different in many respects from each of the other FP types.

But the point is that when it comes to the MBTI-related things that their shared FP-ness causes those four FP types to have in common — it turns out that *none* of those common-FP things are also characteristic of the TJs (as fellow "Fi" types) and uncharacteristic of the TPs and FJs (as "Fe" types). That correlational pattern *never shows up*.

TJs/FPs vs. FJs/TPs is an *invalid grouping.* There are *no* aspects of personality that fit it.

Contrary to what David Keirsey's more ardent devotees will tell you, NF/NT/SJ/SP is actually a somewhat arbitrary carve-up of the types — and for what it's worth, Myers thought the most fundamental foursome was NF/NT/SF/ST.

For more discussion of that issue, and of a leetle correlational study I performed (using a large MBTI data pool) that suggests that Myers may have been onto something — and of why, contrary to both Keirsey and Myers, I tend to think of the INs as my peeps — see this two-part reddit comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q4z6/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q87d/)

You say that "mbti with Jungian functions have 16 preset function stacks, with alternation BTW introverted and extraverted functions."

But the forum-famous function stack that says INFP = Fi-Ne-Si-Te isn't Jung's stack, and it's never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks either.

More importantly, and unlike the reality-oriented districts of the MBTI, that *alternating attitude* function stack has no respectable body of empirical support behind it.

For more explanation, see [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
I'm reckful. (I'd be "reckful" here, too, but that name was already taken when I arrived.)

The problem is with *both* the Grant stack and the cognitive functions more generally — although it may be fair to say that if you want to talk *relative degrees of lameness*, the so-called "function axes" (or "tandems") are what you might call the *low-hanging fruit* of the Cognitive Function Clown Tree.

And it's maybe also worth noting that the modern "cognitive functions" descriptions you'll find in Thomson, Berens, Nardi, etc. differ in many ways (large and small) from Jung's original concepts, and appear to be a set of descriptions more or less jerry-rigged to match up reasonably well with the MBTI types they purportedly correspond with. As one dramatic example, and as described at length in [this Typology Central post,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/65090-confused-type-post2163762.html#post2163762) the description of "Si" you'll find Thomson, Berens, Nardi and Quenk using bears little resemblance to Jung's "introverted sensation" and is instead a description made to match MBTI SJs. And you can read about the changes Myers made to Te in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/116411-exclusive-te-characteristics-2.html#post2943154)
The fact that it isn't particularly uncommon to be not far from the middle on one or more of the dichotomies, assuming that's true, doesn't mean there's anything wrong with the dichotomies. And ditto for the notion (reflected in the Step II version of the MBTI, and the Big Five) that one or more of the dichotomies may consist of a cluster of *facets* where it's possible to be on one side with respect to one or more of the facets and on the other side with respect to the rest. Neither of those things (to the extent that they're true) means the dichotomies are "dubious," unless you're talking about an overly simplistic dichotomy-centric approach that claims that everybody fits into 16 tidy boxes.

And it's also important to understand that sticking with a dichotomy-centric framing doesn't mean that you ignore the many aspects of personality that are better framed as corresponding to *dichotomy combinations*, rather than to a single dichotomy.

It's not uncommon to hear internet functionistas claiming that without the functions, the MBTI is a superficial or overly-limited thing, but as explained in that [first post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) I linked you to, what I call the Real MBTI Model — which was really Myers' perspective, once you get past the Jungian lip service — is actually a richer (not to mention more flexible) framework than the function-centric perspective that's most commonly discussed on internet forums, and James Reynierse has quite a lot to say about that in the article ([The Case Against Type Dynamics](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) that I talk about in that post.

Myers spent quite a lot of *Gifts Differing* talking about aspects of personality that corresponded to any number of dichotomy combinations, including the combinations that purportedly correspond to the cognitive functions. But it's worth noting that she really didn't treat the function-related combinations as if they had any special significance — and in fact, Myers thought the most meaningful preference combinations were ST, SF, NT and NF (each of which includes four types with *four different dominant functions*).

In any case, though, any deep, true thing that can be said about a (supposed) Ti-dom, for example, can just as well be said about an I_TP. If you're looking for a *limiting* framework, give a listen to any of the large number of MBTI forumites whose posts indicate that the MBTI "letters" really don't say much about anyone, and that INTJs and INTPs have little in common — because I and N and T (and the IN and NT and IT combinations) pretty much just correspond to trivial "surface" stuff. *There's* the limiting and impoverished perspective if you ask me. And it certainly isn't a Jungian perspective. Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

And again, as discussed in my linked post (and Reynierse's article), the aspects of the "cognitive functions" framing that go beyond (or are inconsistent with) the Real MBTI Model are the aspects that have no respectable body of data behind them, and have instead tended to be *contradicted* by the data on those rare occasions when they've been put to the test. Anybody who talks about "Si" aspects of personality that INFPs supposedly have in common with ISTJs — and that ISTPs (as "Se types") *don't* have in common with ISTJs — is talking about an aspect of the most popular functions model that has no more respectable validity than the zodiac.

A function-centric perspective doesn't really add *depth* to the Real MBTI Model, but it typically adds quite a lot of *nonsense*.

I've never found anything to like about socionics.&gt; *Why do I feel so foggy when it comes to the cognitive functions?*

Because, as James Reynierse explained in a 2009 article (["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) in the journal published by the official MBTI folks, those eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that you hear so much about on teh internet are best characterized as a "category mistake."

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said (1) that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted, and (2) that people of the same type varied considerably in terms of the strength (or, as he often characterized it, "one-sidedness") of their preferences.

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

So I don't know where you've gotten the impression that "the MBTI" says you have to have a preference on all four dimensions, and that preference strengths don't vary along a spectrum, but it must have been a piss poor source.
The fact that an X on any particular MBTI dimension "throws off the whole function hierarchy preference" doesn't mean it's the X that *makes zero sense*.

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)How can you "try to clarify" my "position" without knowing anything about it?

If you're interested in learning about the Real MBTI Model, which was essentially Myers' model, and which is the only version of Jung-related typology that's in a more respectable category than astrology, read the linked comment, and then (especially) follow its link (in the second-to-last paragraph) to the Typology Central post.&gt; The answer is always yes. Any type can exhibit any behavior depending on a whole variety of factors. The question you want to ask is, "Does anyone have any real life examples of (insert type/function here) doing X?" or something along those lines. This has been a PSA.

Whether you're talking about "behavior" at the most superficial level, or more deep/internal personality characteristics, type is about *tendencies and probabilities*.

So you're correct that it's a mistake to ask whether there's a behavior (or attitude, or whatever) that any particular type would *never* exhibit.

But for the most part, the "question you want to ask," when you're talking about type, is whether introverts, or NFs, or TJs, or INFJs, or whichever type-related grouping, is significantly *more likely* to do X than other types.

This has been a *better* PSA.You're badly misinformed about Jung's views. His function stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe. And if you're interested, you can read more about that in [this long (but soooo worth it) PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

And there's no "J/P conundrum" that "brings cognitive functions into play."

"There is simply no escape?" On the contrary, the Real MBTI Model is blissfully free of *type dynamics* taints — and again, and if you're interested, you can read a lot more about that in (1) [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/), (2) the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to, and (3) ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf), which is a 2009 article by James Reynierse (in the journal published by the official MBTI folks) that explains why the eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that people like Linda Berens (not to mention hordes of internet forumites) love to talk about are best viewed as nothing more than a "category mistake."
I don't know who you're arguing with, but it sure ain't me.

I'm "going along saying that Jung is indomitably correct on everything?" Yikes. Read my linked posts or don't, but if you do, you'll find that I'm far from a Jungian.Myers used "Reinin Dichotomies"? What do you mean?

Myers believed in an "eight function model"? What do you mean?

Myers used "visual identification methods"? What do you mean?

Myers used "racial and gender biased profiling"? What do you mean?I fail to see how anything in your comment implies that Myers' descriptions of the J/P dichotomy, or the personality characteristics associated with various dichotomy combinations, or *anything else Myers ever wrote* was derived from Reinin in any way, shape or form. Is there even any reason to think she was exposed to anything Reinin wrote, or any Reinin-derived source?

And I wouldn't be inclined to doubt that Isabel Myers might have said that at some point or other, everybody uses all the functions in all the attitudes, but (1) that's not what I'd call an "eight function model," and (2) I'm not inclined to pay any serious attention to Kathy Myers in any case.

But citing Kathy Myers is a lot better than citing Merve Emre (who you've quoted at length), and if you're interested, you can read more about what a loathsome, integrity-challenged hatchet job that article is [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/89036-mbti-destroyed-post2810787.html#post2810787)

And in any case, characterizing anything described in that article as typing by way of "visual identification methods" or "racial biased profiling" is pretty silly, IMHO.

Myers typed people by way of a multiple-item indicator she spent years developing, using modern psychometrics, in case you'd forgotten. And there was no phase of the typing process where race or other *visual cues* were used to adjust the scores.
I agree.

And FWIW, prior to the publication of the 1998 edition of the MBTI Manual, the official MBTI folks created a "national sample" of 3,000 people that was tweaked to be a representative sample in a number of respects, and besides typing everybody, they also asked the people in the sample quite a lot of supplemental questions. And one question asked them to indicate how important 11 values were in their lives, on a scale of "Very Important," "Somewhat Important," "Somewhat Unimportant," or "Not Important." And the INTJs ranked the lowest of all the types in valuing "Home/family," and "Relationships &amp; friendships."Based on that very limited info, I'd guess INF, and I've got a mild J lean.

In case you're interested, I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

As a final note, and just so you know, the forum-famous type model that says that an INFJ (for example) is Ni-Fe-Ti-Se is the Harold Grant function stack — and on top of the fact that it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has no respectable body of evidence behind it, it has also never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And if you're ever open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.
You're misinformed.

INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te is *not* "how MBTI cognitive functions are defined by the system itself." It's the Harold Grant function stack — and on top of the fact that it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has no respectable body of evidence behind it, it has also never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

If you're ever open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/), and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
&gt; Why not just use the Big 5? It's better and more useful in just about every way.

I couldn't disagree more. And if you've been led to believe that the MBTI is in a significantly lower category than the Big Five in the psychometrics department, you've been misled.

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/60arft/why_do_teusers_even_mbti/df4wi0w/)"Interaction Styles" are a goofy bastard child of David Keirsey by way of Linda Berens.

For a l-o-n-g explanation of where they came from, and why they don't make sense, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/804602-interaction-styles-great-tool-understanding-types-post26699450.html#post26699450)
I strongly disagree with that, although I don't think your reply makes sense.I really don't have my "own theory" about anything MBTI-related.

What I call the Real MBTI Model was essentially Myers' perspective, and it's the one that dominates the respectable districts of the official MBTI.

Myers never pointed to *any* type grouping that *crosscut the dichotomies* in the way that the Harold Grant function stack's *function axes* do, and Berens' *Interaction Styles* groupings do.

And that's because Myers believed in modern psychometrics, and there has never been any respectable body of MBTI data pools exhibiting correlations that matched any grouping that crosscuts the dichotomies.
As with the vast majority of purported MBTI "debunkings," the folks behind this one did a really poor job in the homework department. 

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about the rest of the issues (poorly) addressed in that SciShow vid — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.
If the arguments against those straw-man debunk-the-MBTI points stay the same from month to month to month (and they do), what possible reason would there be to link to some *new material*?

ADDED: And in any case, I'm confident Baby Jesus would agree that my comment was a more valuable on-topic contribution to the thread than anything you've posted so far.Just 4 u (cuz I care), I reviewed my reddit posting history for the last four times I posted that Bess/Harvey/Swartz assessment of the MBTI's psychometric status. The most recent was in mid-March; the one before that was in mid-February; the one before that was at the end of August 2016; and the one before that was mid-June 2016.

So today was the fourth time since June 2016 — in between *many more* MBTI-reddit posts about *other issues*. Buuut your comments in this thread have claimed that I only post "for the sake of this one subject," and that my posts just consist of the "same links" and "same spiel. ... Every. Fuckin. Time."

Pardon me for asking, but did you leave your integrity in your other pants?
&gt; It's been some time since I read Psychological Types but if I remember correctly he described the intuitive functions as being the unconscious basis of the judging functions. So the intuitive functions are psychic content that isn't brought to consciousness until it is related to the judging functions.

Your memory has partly failed you.

There's no question that Jung conceived intuition as involving *perception of unconscious contents*, and that Jung viewed N-doms as being more in tune with some aspects of the collective unconscious by virtue of intuition being their dominant function. (He also thought introverts were more in tune, in a somewhat different way, with the contents of the collective unconscious.) But there's also no question that, when it comes to the issue of differentiated vs. differentiated functions — with the latter being located in the unconscious, fused with the other unconscious functions, and tending to be "archaic" and not subject to "direction" by the will, and the former being separated from the other functions (hence "differentiated") and brought up into consciousness and subject to the will — Jung's view was that, for a typical (reasonably well-differentiated) N-dom, their dominant intuition was a predominantly *conscious* function (notwithstanding that it involved the *perception of unconscious contents*), just as he thought that, e.g., the sensation of a typical S-dom was a predominantly conscious function.

Read Jung's Ne-dom portrait. The Ne-dom in hot pursuit of the latest trend — which he has a special talent for spotting because of his differentiated Ne — is perfectly conscious of his current "vision" and is in conscious, determined, *will-ful* (if you will) pursuit of it. It's true that the ultimate root of his vision might theoretically be identifiable (by somebody like Jung, or so Jung thought) as some ancient "archetype" or "primordial image" buried in our evolution-based collective unconscious and providing a somewhat reliable guide to current trends because history repeats and all that, a-a-and that the Ne-dom himself might well not understand all that — i.e., that the Ne-dom himself wouldn't be fully "conscious" of all the underlying psychological bases (in his unconscious) for his conscious "vision." But first of all, that wouldn't keep the aspects of his Ne that he's *conscious* of, and acts upon, etc. from basically being as differentiated/directable/etc. as the dominant function of any other type, and second, it's not like various of the non-N types (especially the introverted ones) weren't also subject (as Jung saw it) to being influenced (as part of their *dominant* functions) by "archetypes" and "primordial images" from the collective unconscious that they weren't *directly* "conscious" of.

As an example of that last point, Jung describes Fi as a function whose "aim is not to adjust itself to the object, but to subordinate it **in an unconscious effort to realize the underlying images**. It is continually seeking **an image which has no existence in reality, but which it has seen in a kind of vision**. ... If [introverted] thinking can be understood only with difficulty because of its unrelatedness, this is true in even higher degree of [introverted] feeling. In order to communicate with others, it has to find an external form not only acceptable to itself, but capable also of arousing a parallel feeling in them, [and] the form acceptable to feeling is extraordinarily difficult to find so long as it is still mainly oriented to the fathomless store of primordial images." Describing the Fi-dom, Jung notes that "**the real object of this feeling is only dimly divined by the normal type herself**. ... It gives a woman of this type a mysterious power that may prove terribly fascinating to the extraverted man. ... **This power comes from the deeply felt, unconscious images, but consciously she is apt to relate it to the ego**, whereupon her influence becomes debased into a personal tyranny."

Again, Jung is describing Fi in an Fi-dom — so, in other words, the woman's most fully-conscious and differentiated function — but the "primordial images" behind some of her most intense feelings (and hence what Jung refers to as the "real objects" of her feeling) are "unconscious" to her (or "only dimly divined" by her), in much the same way that the Ne-dom chasing his current (relatively worldly) "vision" may be "unconscious" of (or only dimly divine) the ancient archetype/image that is manifesting itself in that vision.

Did Jung think an N-dom's intuition put them, in some ways, more in touch with the collective unconscious than non-N-doms? Yes. Did Jung think an introvert's inward focus put them, in some ways, more in touch with the collective unconscious than extraverts? Yes. Buuut... when it came to the "consciousness" of a dominant function for the purposes (and with the consequences) that Jung thought distinguished conscious from unconscious functions — e.g., the tendency of unconscious functions to be "fused together with elements not properly belonging to [them,]" incapable of effective direction by the subject's will, "archaic" in quality, and experienced by the subject as "things that simply 'happen' to one" — did Jung think an N-dom's dominant function was more "unconscious" than a T-dom's, or that an introvert's dominant function was more "unconscious" than an extravert's? No.

Jung referred to the dominant and auxiliary functions as the "conscious functions" and the tertiary and inferior functions as the "unconscious functions." He referred to them that way in *Psychological Types*, and he was still referring to them that way [thirty years later](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/177063-expanding-methods-categorization.html#post4605544) (in 1952). His model for a typical representative of all eight of his types was for the dominant function to be mostly conscious (and differentiated), and the inferior function to be mostly unconscious (and undifferentiated), and the two middle functions to be in between — but with the auxiliary function significantly more conscious than unconscious (rendering it a "conscious function" on balance) and the tertiary function more unconscious than conscious (rendering it an "unconscious function" on balance, and meaning that it tended to be largely "fused" with the inferior function, rather than differentiated). And Jung didn't make an exception to that model for N-doms. The aspect of N that opened it up to being characterized as "unconscious perception" was an aspect that basically related to perception *of* the unconscious, and in any case didn't mean that the N of an N-dom wasn't predominantly a "conscious function" in the previously-described sense.
INFJ sounds pretty likely to me.

Buuut as for those functions... check [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) out.Although violettaxe has just told you that "the functions stack is always the same for MBTI," and that "INFP will always have Fi-Ne-Si-Te in that order," opinions are opinions and facts are facts.

And the *fact* is that the function stack that violettaxe subscribes to (the Harold Grant function stack) is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
My advice to the OP and you both would be to read my linked comment and the long TC post (by me) that it links to.

I don't subscribe to *any* fixed-stack framework.I'm sorry, but you're batting just about .000.

&gt; Reynierse disagrees with Jung, Myers, the official MBTI folks, and Dario Nardi's EEG brain scans.

Reynierse's articles were in the journal published by the official MBTI folks, and his perspective is essentially Myers' perspective — which is all more fully explained in those linked posts.

I agree that he disagrees with Nardi — and that's a good thing!

&gt; Jung theorized that the dominant function acts alone in its preferred world: exterior for extraverts and interior for introverts. The remaining three functions, he suggested, operate together in the opposite orientation.

Nope again. Jung's stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe — and you can read about why contrary perspectives are all-but-unsupportable in [this long (but soooo worth it) PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

&gt; Isabel Myers interpreted Jung's writing as saying that the auxiliary, tertiary, and inferior functions are always in the opposite attitude of the dominant.

It's true, and she also acknowledged that that interpretation put her at odds with the vast majority — all but one, she confessed! — of Jung scholars. And she misinterpreted Jung, and again, that's explained *at length* in that just-linked PerC post.

And so there's no confusion, I'm not saying Jung's stack was correct. As I explained to violettaxe, *function stacks* are really *not* the appropriate way to frame MBTI type.

&gt; Yes it has, with the tertiary in the same orientation as the dominant.

Nope yet again. The most recent Step I Manual (1998) kept with Myers' view of the orientation of the tertiary (opposite to the dominant), while acknowledging that some MBTI theorists held the opposite view. And that website you've linked to just says an INTJ has *feeling* as their tertiary function, not *introverted* feeling.

On the spectrum from stubborn conflict-causer to easygoing harmony-seeker, *both* ESFPs and ENFPs are more on the easygoing harmony-seeker side, and that's first and foremost a function of their F and P preferences.

As between an ENFP and an ESFP, the ENFP will tend to be more individualistic and independent-minded — but ENFPs are also live-and-let-live types. So an ENFP will be more resistant than an ESFP to somebody who tries to tell them what they should do (or who they should be), but the ENFP will also be relatively unlikely (as will an ESFP) to try to tell somebody else what they should do (or who they should be).

If you'd be interested in a bunch of S/N input from me, you can find it in [this Typology Central post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)
What I call the Real MBTI Model, which is also Reynierse's model — and which was also Myers' model to a much greater degree than many MBTI forumites realize — is described in [that long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that I've already (indirectly) linked to.

Here's what it looks like for an INFJ, an INFP and an ESTJ:

INFJ = I + N + F + J + IN + IF + IJ + NF + NJ + FJ + INF + INJ + IFJ + NFJ + INFJ.

INFP = I + N + F + P + IN + IF + IP + NF + NP + FP + INF + INP + IFP + NFP + INFP.

ESTJ = E + S + T + J + ES + ET + EJ + ST + SJ + TJ + EST + ESJ + ETJ + STJ + ESTJ.

So... do INFJs and INFPs have a lot of MBTI-related aspects of personality in common? Yes, they do.

And do INFPs and ESTJs have a lot of MBTI-related aspects of personality in common? No, actually — INFPs and ESTJs have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common*.

Sorry, Linda Berens. Sorry, Dario Nardi. As Reynierse has noted, if you look back at the correlational patterns that have shown up in 50-plus years of MBTI data pools, it's pretty clear that the MBTI model that says that INFPs and ESTJs have quite a bit in common (as *Fi/Te types*, and *Si/Ne types*) has *no validity* — which is the term respectable personality psychologists use to say that those HaroldGrantian "function axes" have *no correspondence with reality*.

And again, there's a lot more in that linked post, and in Reynierse's article.

You're misinformed. The psychometrics (validity and reliability both) of the MBTI put it essentially "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests, and you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI —  in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.

The most common cause of confusion on the *reliability* issue, in my experience, is that people confuse retest rates on *single dimensions* with retest rates for a complete four-letter type.

For example, I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

It's probably also worth noting that if you assume that most or all of the MBTI and Big Five dimensions exhibit something like a normal distribution, and if you assume (accordingly) that a large portion of the population is in or near the middle on at least one dimension, and if you add to that the *many* potential sources of error in self-assessment personality tests — from the fact that personality type is a relatively young science and psychologists are quite a long ways from nailing down exactly what the temperament dimensions consist of, to flaws in particular tests (including items that tap into more than one dimension), to multiple kinds of misunderstanding and other human error on the part of the individuals taking the test — it would strain credibility if the test-retest statistics for *any* personality typology didn't indicate a significant percentage of cases where *at least one* of the dimensions came out with a different preference on retesting. And *one* letter change is all it takes to constitute an MBTI retest "failure."
The vast majority of MBTI "debunkings" are woefully uninformed.

The Big Five and astrology belong in very different categories. And guess which of those categories the MBTI belongs in. If you guessed the latter, *you're wrong*. And guess who's acknowledged that the MBTI passes muster in the psychometric respectability department? The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa), among others.

For more about that issue — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/) and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.
Done. [Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/68xs9v/cmv_mbti_is_pseudoscience_and_deserves_the_same/dh2xl6z/) the link.

ADDED: And FWIW, the OP gave me a Delta.&gt;Oh, just found a link, I think [this](http://www.typologycentral.com/wiki/index.php/Reckful_On_Type_Dynamics) will make for an interesting read.

For anyone who's interested, a better introductory link to my perspective on what I call the Real MBTI Model is [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454), which basically superseded the link in reLight's comment.
My opening guess, just based on your OP, would be INfP.

I've been participating in online type-me exercises for seven years now, and in my experience, it's not uncommon for INFs to test as INTs — at least partly because many of the F choices on typical MBTI tests (including the official test) are choices that are more likely to appeal to SFs and EFs than INFs. And in any case, it's certainly been my experience that it's considerably more common for an INF to mistype as INT (and later conclude they're really INF) than *vice versa*.

Just in case you're interested, you can find more discussion of that issue, along with quite a lot of my perspective on what the T/F dimension is about, in the 3rd, 6th &amp; 7th posts in the 10-post series that's the first link in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/)
Emotional sensitivity could be an indication that you're above-average in neuroticism, which is the Big Five dimension that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension. That 10-post series you've read part of also includes a neuroticism intro (in [this post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699954.html#post2699954)).You're misinformed. The psychometrics (validity and reliability both) of the MBTI put it essentially "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests, and you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI —  in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.

The most common cause of confusion on the *reliability* issue, in my experience, is that people confuse retest rates on *single dimensions* with retest rates for a complete four-letter type.

For example, I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

It's probably also worth noting that if you assume that most or all of the MBTI and Big Five dimensions exhibit something like a normal distribution, and if you assume (accordingly) that a large portion of the population is in or near the middle on at least one dimension, and if you add to that the *many* potential sources of error in self-assessment personality tests — from the fact that personality type is a relatively young science and psychologists are quite a long ways from nailing down exactly what the temperament dimensions consist of, to flaws in particular tests (including items that tap into more than one dimension), to multiple kinds of misunderstanding and other human error on the part of the individuals taking the test — it would strain credibility if the test-retest statistics for *any* personality typology didn't indicate a significant percentage of cases where *at least one* of the dimensions came out with a different preference on retesting. And *one* letter change is all it takes to constitute an MBTI retest "failure."There's no need to hunt for a source. One of the most common points made in uninformed "debunkings" of the MBTI is that people retest as a different type *around half the time*. Since each dimension has two possibilities, a test/retest rate of around 50% *per dimension* would mean that MBTI results are essentially *random*, and people would only come out the same 4-letter type around 6% of the time. (.5 * .5 * .5 * .5 = .0625.)

ADDED: For more on how the MBTI's reliability stats compare to the Big Five's, see the [MBTI Form M Manual Supplement.](https://www.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_FormM_Supp.pdf)[Personality Cafe.](http://personalitycafe.com/forum/) It's one of the four MBTI-related forums where I post as reckful.You're both wrong, tho.

As further described in [this PerC post:](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/638818-mathematics-socionics-post22015394.html#post22015394) at the end of the day, virtually *every* respectable personality typology — very much including *both* the MBTI and Big Five — deals, at its core, with *internal* temperament dimensions and the various ways they end up being typically manifested *both* internally (by way of values, motivations, thinking processes, attitudes, emotional responses, etc.) and externally (through speech and behavior).

*Psychological Types* is full of colorful (and often somewhat over-the-top) descriptions of *behavior* that Jung considered typical of his types. And what's more, Jung believed that his types were products of evolution — and evolution selects for things that result in reproductive success, and reproductive success results from *behavior*. Soooo evolution can't select for, say, introversion unless introversion tends to cause a relatively consistent *set of behaviors*. And that's exactly how Jung described it. As he put it:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation.

And the result of those evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words, introverts are wired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts are wired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

As Jung noted at the start of Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types*:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

In *Gifts Differing*, Myers noted that, "since the more superficial aspects of type are often the easiest to report, many trivial reactions are useful for identification, but these are merely straws to show which way the wind blows. ... It would be a mistake to assume that the essence of an attitude or of a perceptive or judging process is defined by its trivial surface effects or by the test items that reflect it or by the words used to describe it" — and Myers' descriptions of the preferences and the types emphasized values, attitudes and other internal characteristics at least as much as what she saw as the typical resulting external manifestations.

It's common to hear MBTI forumites point to the Big Five as if it was basically all about behavior — but just looking at Wikipedia's summaries, you'll find Openness to Experience, for example, described in terms of "appreciation for art, emotion, adventure, unusual ideas, curiosity, and variety of experience," "the degree of intellectual curiosity, creativity and a preference for novelty and variety a person has," and "the extent to which a person is imaginative or independent, and [has] a personal preference for a variety of activities over a strict routine"; and Agreeableness described in terms of "a tendency to be compassionate and cooperative rather than suspicious and antagonistic," and a "general concern for social harmony," and a tendency to "value getting along with others" and "have an optimistic view of human nature."

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they [long ago concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI was effectively tapping into the same real, underlying dimensions of human personality as four of the Big Five factors. And I agree, and it's a view widely shared in the more respectable districts of the MBTI as well, and you'll find that reflected in both the [Reynierse](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf) and [Bess/Harvey/Swartz](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) articles I often link to.

I don't disagree that there are significant differences between the aspects of personality that a typical MBTI S/N description includes/emphasizes (for example) and the aspects of personality that a typical Big Five Openness description includes/emphasizes — just as you'll also find variation among different MBTI sources, or among different Big Five sources. But I don't think those differences at the (current) theoretical level should be taken to mean that the two typologies aren't both tapping into the same *real*, underlying (and substantially genetic) personality dimension. I don't think it makes any more sense to think that evolution fashioned a Big Five Openness dimension and a largely similar but kinda different MBTI S/N dimension than it makes sense to think that evolution fashioned a Big Five Extraversion dimension and a largely similar but kinda different MBTI E/I dimension.
&gt; the Big Five only describes the behaviors (or their likelihood) themselves

I'm sorry, but as the old saying goes, you're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts. And as more fully discussed in the link I already gave you (not to mention the text of my first comment), the notion that the Big Five is just about *behavior* — rather than the underlying internal personality characteristics — is an *incorrect fact* that I'm assuming you've picked up from poor internet sources.

Here are a few of the items on the leading Big Five test (the NEO-PI-R):

&gt;I am intrigued by the patterns I find in art and nature.

&gt;I enjoy reading poetry that emphasizes feelings and images more than story lines.

&gt;Without strong emotions, life would be uninteresting to me.

&gt;I have a lot of intellectual curiosity.

&gt;I consider myself broad-minded and tolerant of other people's lifestyles.

&gt;I believe that most people are basically well-intentioned.

&gt;I have a very high opinion of myself.

&gt;I would rather be known as "merciful" than "just".

Yeah, baby. The Big Five is *all about behavior*, isn't it?
The fact that Jung characterized Si the way he did, combined with the fact that Myers and virtually all other MBTI theorists who pay any attention to the functions associate Si with MBTI SJs, is the reason why modern descriptions of Si — whether you're looking at dichotomy-centric sources or function-centric sources — bear little resemblance to Jung's "Si" descriptions, and are more like the *opposite* of Jung's descriptions in many ways.

As Jung saw it, Si-doms were awkward, touchy eccentrics, detached from reality, who inhabited "a mythological world, where men, animals, railways, houses, rivers, and mountains appear partly as benevolent deities and partly as malevolent demons." In describing what he referred to as "the reality-alienating subjectivity of this type," Jung said that an Si-dom "has an illusory conception of reality," and that the relation between the actual physical world and the Si-dom's perceptions of it is "unpredictable and arbitrary."

By contrast, Myers portrayed IS_Js as among the most down-to-earth and realistic of all the types. She called them the "most practical of the introvert types," and said "they have a complete, realistic, practical respect both for the facts and for whatever responsibilities these facts create. Sensing provides the facts, and after the introverts' characteristic pause for reflection, their judgment accepts the responsibilities."

And when it comes to Si, virtually all the more well-known function-centric theorists are on board with Myers' radical revamp of Jung's original concept.

Lenore Thomson notes that Sensation gives *all* S-doms "an appreciation for objective facts and circumstances, as perceived by the senses, [and] excellent powers of observation." She says Si-doms "count on established facts and concrete results" and particularly excel at "accumulat[ing] information — names, dates, numbers, statistics, references, guidelines, and so forth" — and that Si "prompts [them] to reconcile [their] new impressions with the ones [they've] already stored."

Linda Berens and Dario Nardi also describe Si-doms in ways that are essentially consistent with Myers and inconsistent with Jung. Berens explains that sensing — for Se-doms and Si-doms both — "is a process of becoming aware of sensory information and often involves responding to that sensory information without any judgment or evaluation of it. ... In the Sensing process, the focus is on the actual experience, the facts and the data."

Similarly, Naomi Quenk explains: "Introverted sensing types are careful and orderly in their attention to facts and details. ... They are typically seen as well grounded in reality, trustworthy, and dedicated to preserving traditional values and time-honored institutions. With their focus on the reality of the present, they trust the evidence of their senses, and rely on carefully accumuated past and present evidence to support their conclusions and planned courses of action. ... They tend to take a skeptical, critical attitude to information that has not been verified by the senses and are likely to distrust people who are careless about facts, sloppy about details, and favor imagination and novelty over accuracy and solid substantiation."

Again, Quenk's Si-doms are basically Myers' IS_Js. In terms of the relationship of an Si-dom to sensory data and reality in general, Quenk's conception of introverted sensation — like Myers' and Thomson's and Berens' and Nardi's — comes closer to resembling the *opposite* of Jung's Si-dom than matching Jung's conception.

For a longer discussion, with more Jung quotes, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/)
INTJ. Often early; almost never late.If you think we're in agreement on this, you've completely misunderstood my post, and you certainly can't have read the longer post I linked to. To quote from that one:

&gt;As Jung saw it, Si-doms were awkward, touchy eccentrics, detached from reality, who inhabited "a mythological world, where men, animals, railways, houses, rivers, and mountains appear partly as benevolent deities and partly as malevolent demons." Not only does Jung's portrait bear little resemblance to a typical IS_J, I think anyone not inclined to treat Jung with too much reverence would have to agree that Jung's portrait bears little resemblance to *any* significantly numerous group of normal-range people who've ever walked the face of the earth.

&gt;...

&gt;Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them. If Jung was still around and became aware that, 90 years after *Psychological Types* was published, somebody was inclined to ignore all the improvements that had been made to his original ideas by Myers and others and was telling people they should be typing themselves based on his original function descriptions in *Psychological Types*, I really don't think he'd approve.
If missing the meaning bothers you, it may be because you've been overly influenced by the notorious online N bias.My first choice would be INFJ, and above-average in neuroticism, which is the Big Five factor that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension.

For links to more type-related input from me on all four dimensions (and an intro to neuroticism), see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/)
MBTI stats indicate that N is the largest MBTI-related contributor to standard, academic-related aspects of "intelligence" — and by a substantial margin — but introversion is a significant secondary contributor. There are lots of personality characteristics that more than one of the MBTI (and Big Five) dimensions have an influence on — and depending on what specific kind of intelligence somebody's focusing on, I think it's probably fair to say that three or four of the MBTI dimensions can potentially end up coming into play.

Tables 11.5 and 11.6 of the 1998 MBTI Manual show the results of two collections of studies, one involving tests of *aptitude* (IQ, SAT, ACT, etc.) and one involving *grades or class standing*. Each collection totals over 21,000 students. The Manual notes: "With only a few exceptions, IN types consistently obtained ranks, as predicted from theory, as the highest four types for both academic aptitude and grades. ... Perceiving types tended to rank higher on aptitude and Judging types on achievement."

Here are the types in rank order from Table 11.5 (16 aptitude samples):

INTP  
INFP  
INTJ  
INFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ

ISTP  
ISFP  
ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ

And here are the types in rank order from Table 11.6 (15 samples involving grades or class standing):

INTJ  
INFJ  
INTP  
INFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP    

ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ISTP  
ISFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP

Both the aptitude and grades tables are in *perfect order* from the standpoint of a dichotomy-centric explanation that says:

• For aptitude, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, P and T.

• For grades, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, J and T.

[Here's a study](http://psych.wisc.edu/henriques/papers/Sak.pdf) of 5,700 gifted adolescents where the self-selection ratios for the types (i.e., the ratio of their percentage among the gifted population to their percentage of the general population) were as follows:

INTP 3.4  
INTJ 2.87  
INFP 2.68  
INFJ 2.67  
ENTP 2.32  
ENFP 2.03  
ENTJ 1.49  
ENFJ 1.26  
ISTJ 0.99  
ISTP 0.78  
ESTP 0.49  
ISFJ 0.40  
ISFP 0.40  
ESFP 0.28  
ESTJ 0.26  
ESFJ 0.24

The order isn't quite as tidy as for those two MBTI Manual tables (especially for the T/F and J/P dimensions), but with the exception of the ESTPs, all the other types are in perfect order in relation to primary-N, secondary-I contributions.
Believe it or not, Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the personality characteristics that he thought extraverts tended to have in common and introverts tended to have in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together. And he also said that he thought more people were essentially in the middle on E/I than were extraverted or introverted — and characterized those ambiverts as "the normal man."I don't know what Doctor Molotov thinks, but I suspect you won't find any *respectable* sources for p-k's assertion.

For what it's worth, the items on the official MBTI don't end up there until they've been tested and shown to have quite a bit of psychometric respectability. In 1998, when Form G was replaced with Form M (the current form of the "Step I" MBTI), this is one of the items that was added:

&gt;Do you find being around a lot of people (E) gives you more energy, or (I) is often "draining"?
&gt; &gt;• "Sensors seek practical meaning to theories and they don't like the theory if it has no practical use."

&gt;Of course fucking yes. It doesn't matter if you are sensor or intuitive. I don't fucking go and learn shit if I can't find a use for it. Through millions of years of evolution our genes have been cleansed so that everything we do has an end and a practical use. People don't just go and do things. Even with MBTI, we seek to understand people.

&gt; Fuck the fucking fuckers who write about those fucking traits. fuuuuuuuuck them. please someone give me good descriptions fucking please i'm dying of hate

The notion that some types are more interested in theoretical stuff simply *for its own sake*, while other types tend to be relatively uninterested in theories/knowledge/etc. that they don't have a more practical use for, is a notion that goes all the way back to Jung (at least), and has been found — by way of 50-plus years of studies — to be a relatively core facet of both the MBTI S/N dimension and the corresponding Big Five Openness factor.

Items don't get onto the official MBTI or one of the leading Big Five tests without having demonstrated a lot of psychometric respectability. And the S/N items on the official MBTI include "If you were a teacher, would you rather teach (S) fact courses, or (N) courses involving theory?" and "Would you rather be considered (S) a practical person, or (N) an ingenious person?" And in case you were wondering, approximately 70% of Americans prefer the S side of those items.

Meanwhile, the Openness items on the leading Big Five test (the NEO-PI-R) include "I often enjoy playing with theories or abstract ideas," "I find philosophical arguments boring," and "I have little interest in speculating on the nature of the universe or the human condition."

And yes, N's have a greater tendency to be big-picture-focused and miss details, while S's are more likely to miss the forest for the trees. And that notion goes back to Jung as well, and you'll also find it in Myers and most reasonably well-known MBTI theorists, both dichotomy-centric (e.g., Keirsey) and function-centric (e.g., Thomson and Quenk).

And yes, when circumstances are such that concerns with interpersonal harmony clash with other potential concerns, a tendency to place a relatively higher priority on interpersonal harmony has been shown to be a core facet of both an MBTI F preference and being above-average in Big Five Agreeableness. T's (like me) tend to be the folks who prefer the T side of official MBTI items like "When making a decision, is it more important to you to (T) weigh the facts, or (F) consider people's feelings and opinions?" and "Which is a higher compliment, to be called (T) competent, or (F) compassionate?" and "Would you rather work under a boss (or teacher) who is (F) good-natured but often inconsistent, or (T) sharp-tongued but always logical?"

As for E/I and thinking before acting, Jung believed that extraversion and introversion represented two competing evolutionary strategies, each successful in its own way — and he explained that introverts are wired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts are wired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

In *Gifts Differing*, Myers noted that extraverts "often act quickly, sometimes without thinking," while introverts "like to think a lot before they act, sometimes without acting"; and separately referred to introverts' "characteristic pause before action, which extraverts carelessly call hesitation."

I'm inclined to suggest that, rather than doing so much *ranting*, and *fucking those fucking fuckers*, and *dying of hate,* you might want to spend some more time learning about the MBTI.
&gt;Here's what I've been able to gather about sensor bias:

&gt; &gt;1. The way that sensing is described in the MBTI tends to be much less flattering than intuition.

&gt; &gt;2. Because of this, 90% of people who take the test, when presented with a question asking them to choose between an intuitive and sensing response, will go with the intuitive response.

&gt; &gt;3. (I suspect that) because of this, the only people who are actually going to score as a sensor on the test will be the most extreme possible versions of their respective sensor type and probably not all that fun for a lot of people to deal with. Thus, the negative sensor stereotype is re-enforced.

S/N is actually the only MBTI dimension where the overall (male and female together) percentages aren't very close to 50/50, buuut — are you sitting down? — the skew is *in the S direction*. Less than 30% of Americans come out N on the official MBTI, according to [the stats posted by the official MBTI folks.](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm?bhcp=1)

And I don't buy the idea that there's a big N skew in *online tests*. I've been participating in type-me exercises for over seven years now — including seeing lots of people's results on the *official* MBTI — and it's pretty rare, in my experience, for an MBTI forum member to come out N on HumanMetrics or one of the other unofficial online tests and come out S on the official MBTI.

Here are five of the S/N items from the official MBTI — and as I said, the more well-known online tests use items with a similar flavor.

&gt;If you were a teacher, would you rather teach (S) fact courses, or (N) courses involving theory?

&gt;Would you rather be considered (S) a practical person, or (N) an ingenious person?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (N) imaginative, or (S) matter-of-fact?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (S) sensible, or (N) fascinating?

&gt;Would you rather (S) support the established methods of doing good, or (N) analyze what is still wrong and attack unsolved problems?

N's have a tendency to look at those kinds of S/N items and say, ZOMG, they make S's sound sooooo boring! Who the fuck would choose the S responses to those items?!

But again... around 70% of the U.S. population prefers the S responses to those items. Because they're S's.

MBTI forum participation is way skewed toward INs — as *dramatically* illustrated by the PerC and Typology Central stats in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) But that's for the same reason that Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all INs — because INs have a substantially greater tendency to be interested in personality types than other types.
One likely explanation for the existence of the four dimensions that the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into — and it's an explanation that goes back to Jung, and is discussed in both MBTI and Big Five circles — is the notion that it was advantageous from a gene-pool perspective for individual members of certain species (and perhaps social species in particular) to be pursuing *different niche strategies*.

If that's at least part of the explanation for "personality types," there's no justification for simply *assuming* that, if S and N preferences evolved to cause S's and N's to approach the world somewhat differently, it must be the case that it was evolutionarily ideal for there to be *as many N's as S's*.

And in any case, at this point in the development of personality psychology, *nobody really knows*, and there are certainly no existing tests that can claim to have somehow *correctly calibrated themselves* in that respect. Based on psychometric analysis of the responses, the mix of items on any personality test can be chosen in a way that ends up putting the average respondent right in the middle of a dimension, or significantly to one side or the other.
# IntuitiveLivesMind

What is mind? Never matter.

What is matter? Never mind.You sound like an N to me. And contrary to a lot of what gets passed around in the Great Internet Echo Chamber, the so-called "cognitive functions" are *not* what the MBTI is *really about*.

For a lot of input from me on S/N (and related typing assistance), see the posts linked to in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/)
I don't know what typology you think you're referring to when you point to *behavioral traits*, but it's not *my* MBTI.

If you want to read about what I call the Real MBTI, see [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) and the posts it links to.You have Jung backwards. That description isn't of "repressed Fe." It's what Jung thought happened when an Fe-dom's psyche became too imbalanced *in favor of Fe* — with too much *extraversion* causing the feeling to completely "lose its personal character" (as Jung puts it), and with the unconscious introversion and thinking that should be providing balance ("compensation," in Jung's terms) being *overly repressed*, and hence moving to a position of "manifest opposition."My first choice would be INFJ, and above-average in neuroticism, which is the Big Five factor that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension.

For links to more type-related input from me on all four dimensions (and an intro to neuroticism), see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/)
You sound like an IF to me.

In case you'd be interested in a somewhat l-o-n-g (two-part) introduction to E/I, you'll find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)
Interesting how suchlike anyone giving you some pointers.&gt; It was actually Myers who originally had the 4 groups as SF, ST, NF, and NT. However, she disliked the fact that SF and ST were far looser associations than NT and NF were. Keirsey was working with her at the time, and by observation (from a lot of four temperaments theory) noted that SP and SJ seemed to work better than SF and ST did. Myers agreed, and the rest is history.

Myers agreed?

*Please Understand Me* was published in 1978. *Gifts Differing* was published in 1980 (shortly before Myers died).

There's no mention of NF/NT/SJ/SP in *Gifts Differing*, and on the contrary, Myers stresses that she thinks NF/NT/SF/ST is the most meaningful MBTI foursome.
Contrary to what David Keirsey's more ardent devotees will tell you, NF/NT/SJ/SP is actually a somewhat arbitrary carve-up of the types — and for what it's worth, Myers thought the most fundamental foursome was NF/NT/SF/ST.

For more discussion of that issue, and of a leetle correlational study I performed (using a large MBTI data pool) that suggests that Myers may have been onto something — and of why, contrary to both Keirsey and Myers, I tend to think of the INs as my peeps — see this two-part reddit comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q4z6/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q87d/)
The vast majority of MBTI "debunkings" are woefully uninformed.

The Big Five and astrology belong in very different categories. And guess which of those categories the MBTI belongs in. If you guessed the latter, *you're wrong*. And guess who's acknowledged that the MBTI passes muster in the psychometric respectability department? The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa), among others.

For more about that issue — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/) and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Because the personality/behavioral/etc. things that personality typologies deal with are mostly things where the type stuff is just *one among many possible influences*, even a highly reliable and valid typology can't be used to make specific and falsifiable predictions about, e.g., what a given person is going to do in a given situation.

Like many of the soft sciences (including, e.g., economics), personality typologies can end up making reasonably good predictions when it comes to *probabilities.* But success with respect to those kinds of probabilistic predictions doesn't (by most definitions) shift economics or personality typologies into the "hard science" category.
&gt; Have a quote from McCrae &amp; Costa:  
&gt; &gt;"here was no support for the view that the MBTI measures truly dichotomous preferences or qualitatively distinct types, instead, the instrument measures four relatively independent dimensions"
They say there is no evidence for types. And this actually debunks MBTI, which states, that everyone has a type.

Um, yeah. Congratulations for plucking a quote out of context, and badly misreading that article.

McCrae &amp; Costa didn't "debunk" the MBTI. They ended up disagreeing with a number of its detractors, and recommending it to their fellow Big Five typologists as a potentially valuable source of insights.

After reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [McCrae &amp; Costa concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

What McCrae &amp; Costa were referring to as "truly dichotomous preferences" and "qualitatively distinct types" is a straw-man version of the MBTI that they were correct to criticize, but that doesn't really correspond to Myers' perspective, or the perspective of anyone operating in the respectable districts of MBTI-land today.

And I discuss that issue at some length in the PerC post I already (indirectly) linked to.
&gt; The main problem is, that MBTI uses dichotomies. It does not distinguish between a 51% T and a 90% T.  
&gt; Most people are moderates in all letters and all functions, so they flip flop between types from test to test, with no real preference. Yet the types are written as absolute with total preference.  
&gt; If MBTI would accept X as a letter for moderates it would be an improvement.

The MBTI types "are written as absolute with total preference"–??

Do tell. Where is that written?

Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said (1) that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted, and (2) that people of the same type varied considerably in terms of the strength (or, as he often characterized it, "one-sidedness") of their preferences.

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

So I don't know where you've gotten the impression that "the MBTI" says you have to have a preference on all four dimensions, and that preference strengths don't vary along a spectrum, but it must have been a piss poor source.

&gt; No this is what MBTI is, read "MBTI Manual (A guide to the development and use of the Myers Briggs type indicator)", there Myers explains, that the direction of the preference is more important than the degree of the preference.
&gt; MBTI does not distinguish between a 51% I and a 95% I. And this is by design. She has such a black and white view on this. This is not a straw-man.

I haz read the Manual, and it is way inconsistent with the notion that types are "absolute with total preference."

Which should hardly be surprising to anyone familiar with *Gifts Differing* (which, as I already noted, allowed for middleness on each dimension) — and especially not surprising to anyone who understands that the 1998 Step I Manual was published while development of the Step II version of the MBTI was well under way. (That Manual was published in 2001.) As I already noted, the Step II version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension (just as the Big Five has six for each dimension), and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

How you square "absolute with total preference" with that in your mind is a mystery to me. But you're wrong, in any case.
See my [earlier reply.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6gaur0/hasnt_mbti_been_debunked/dip67wg/) I've read the Manual, and it's inconsistent with your description.&gt; You know that people can read and fact check right?  
&gt; A) Step II came out 1989.  
&gt; B) MBTI Manual(1998) declared Step I = Step II  
&gt; C) MBTI Manual also states, that the combination of the subscales (which are dimesions, this is correct) is not the preference and the preference is all that matters  
&gt; Myers is using categories, plain and simple. And she is full of "if you are a Sensor, you can't use intuition, uhuhuhu".

First of all, if the Step II version had come out in 1989, that would only *strengthen* my point that it would be silly to claim that the 1998 Step I Manual talked in terms of types being "absolute with total preference."

Buuut in any case, you're entitled to your own opinions, but not your own facts, and the *fact* is that the Step II MBTI (Form Q) was, to quote the CPP, ["first published in 2001"](https://www.cpp.com/Products/mbti/mbti_info.aspx) (also the year of the Step II Manual).

Keep reading, tho. And as soon as you find a good quote about types being "absolute with total preference," be sure to share it with us.
That cppblogcentral post you've linked to says that when someone comes out "mid-zone" on the Step II, "It is not necessarily that the preference is not there." How does "not necessarily" imply that it isn't possible to be in the middle? I'd say it pretty clearly implies the opposite. So I don't understand why you've written that "it seems to me like it is saying that there is no neutral or middle ground on the axes. You've got to be one or the other."

But the biggest problem with your comment is that you fail to distinguish between mild preferences and being *exactly in the middle*. And the first thing to note about that is that there is currently *no* personality test that can credibly claim to even be putting everyone on the correct side of the applicable dimensions (and facets) — much less positioning them with anything remotely approaching exactitude with respect to the strength of the applicable preferences (including figuring out if someone's really *exactly in the middle*, assuming that's possible). So if someone's led you to think that anybody's Big Five or other data has established the *shape of the distribution curve* with any kind of accuracy, I think you're misunderstanding how far along the field of personality psychology is in that department.

What I'm on board with is the notion that, with respect to most (at least) of the dimensions and related facets, it's more common to have mild/middlish preferences than very strong preferences — although I don't think anybody's really in a position today to even proclaim that as having been well-established with respect to every dimension and facet.

But I've never read any respectable MBTI source that makes any definitive claims to the contrary, and you certainly haven't pointed me to any. And as I've noted in my earlier comments in this thread, the idea of substantially different preference strengths (not to mention the possibility of middleness) goes all the way back to Myers, and Jung before her. MBTI "types" have never been characterized (by respectable sources) as anything like 16 *tidy boxes*.

Nobody today really knows for sure to what extent the personality characteristics that cluster in the broad dimensions that the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into are best viewed as scales with the 0 at the left (and more of some one thing as you move right) or as scales with the 0 somewhere midstream, and more of something as you move right, and more of some opposite-ish thing as you move left.

I'll actually be surprised if the preferences that evolution has presumably crafted to fill various available niches don't turn out to be something of a mix in that department.

In any event, it may interest you to hear that McCrae &amp; Costa's summary (in their manual) of the Agreeableness dimension notes that "the agreeable person is fundamentally altruistic. He or she is sympathetic to others and eager to help them, and believes that others will be equally helpful in return"; while "the disagreeable or antagonistic person is egocentric, skeptical of others' intentions, and competitive rather than cooperative."

If you're under the impression that Big Five descriptions are lacking in people-on-this-side-are-like-*this* and people-on-the-other-side-are-like-*that* characterizations, I'd say that's a misimpression. And again, and regardless of where the 0 may belong with respect to any particular personality characteristic, both the MBTI (in its respectable districts) and the Big Five incorporate the notion of a *wide variety of preference strengths*.
Buuut to partly repeat a point from my last comment, if there are characteristics with the 0 midstream, and being on one side means (just as a hypothetical example) that you've got a temperament tug in the *competitive* direction, and being on the other side means you've got a temperament tug in the *cooperative* direction, then why *rule out* the possibility that it might make some sense to say that the 5%-cooperative person and the 5%-competitive person are more different from each other than a 5%-cooperative person and a 15%-cooperative person?

In any case, from my perspective, the most important points are: (1) nobody really knows the answer to those kinds of questions at this point; (2) respectable MBTI sources (and respectable Big Five sources) shouldn't be making dogmatic statements as if they do know the answers at this point; and (3) to quote from my long PerC post, "at the end of the day, the worth of the MBTI and Big Five is mostly going to hinge on how good a job those typologies do in nailing down what personality-related characteristics tend to be associated with the corresponding preferences, and not on how many people turn out to be at any particular point on any of the relevant spectrums. And in any case, the MBTI certainly doesn't stand or fall depending on whether any of its dimensions exhibit a 'bimodal' distribution."
You say "there does not appear to be any evidence that there is some kind of sudden 'bump' somewhere in the spectrum," and what I've been telling you is that there isn't really any strong evidence *either way* — and what's more, that it's not unlikely that whether there's some kind of midpoint where, in effect, the *direction changes* may be different, depending on which personality dimension or facet you're talking about.

And again, I don't know what you mean by "all you can do is give 2 boxes." An MBTI person who says somebody appears to have a *very mild* J preference and a Big Five person who says a person appears to be very mildly above-average in Conscientiousness are essentially saying the same thing, and one isn't any more *boxy* than the other.
[Official MBTI stats](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm) say that the *general population* (in the US, anyway) is around 70% S.

But *real* N's — not mistyped S's who think they're N's — substantially outnumber S's at MBTI-related internet forums. And if you're interested, you can read more about that (with some forum type stats) in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) and [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de7xl1s/)
100% sure there are no mistypes? That's not what I think.

Confident there's a real N/S lopsidedness? Yes. And there's more explanation for why in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5h11wk/participation_in_mbti_subreddits/daxl5hw/) and [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5h11wk/participation_in_mbti_subreddits/daz4gmi/)
I'm not going to repeat those two comments I linked you to here.

You're looking at a *40-to-1* IN/ES ssr ratio, in a *58,000-subject sample*. So... you could have quite a lot of mistyping, not to mention *lopsided* mistyping (i.e., more S's mistyped as N's than vice versa), and you'd still end up with a large N-over-S ssr ratio. If you really want to try to explain those stats away with a lopsided-mistyping theory, you should be prepared to look foolish in the process.[This comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) might help.Before you give up on the MBTI, you may want to check out [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5uciow/a_bit_lost_on_my_type/ddt6op4/) and the posts it links to.It's confusing, isn't it?

Well, before you do much more agonizing over the so-called *Jungian cognitive functions*, you may want to check out [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5uciow/a_bit_lost_on_my_type/ddt6op4/) and the posts it links to.

I consider myself a clear INTJ, but like so many other INTJs who've taken cognitive function tests (including you), I tend to score high on *both* Te *and* Ti — not to mention Ni *and* Ne. And there's more on that in the linked comment.
Oh, look, Madge, it's another woefully uninformed MBTI "debunking"!

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category, and the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

That post was written in reponse to the *Vox* article that the video linked in the OP's linked article is based on, and the multiple points of misinformation it addresses are the same ones that appear over and over in the great internet MBTI-Is-Astrology Echo Chamber.

Among the sources cited in my PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.
Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted — and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

So I don't know where you've gotten the impression that (as you put it) "the theory ... necessitates being either an extroverted or introverted type," buuut I'd say ConfusedJungian is an apt username for you — on this issue, anyway.
If you think socionics is based on a respectable body of research, I'd say that's another aspect of your confusion.

In any case, and more specifically, can you point me to some socionics studies that indicate that ambiversion isn't possible?ENFP - ["You Learn"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFW-WfuX2Dk) - Alanis Morissette.

As in: you insist on learning everything *the hard way*.
That's one of the most pathetic MBTI "debunkings" I've ever seen, and Adam Conover should be ashamed of himself.

The Big Five and astrology belong in very different categories. And guess which of those categories the MBTI belongs in. If you guessed the latter, *you're wrong*. And guess who's acknowledged that the MBTI passes muster in the psychometric respectability department? The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa), among others.

For more about that issue, and the other horseshit in Adam's video — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/) and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.
Different people define "intelligence" in different ways. But MBTI stats indicate that N is the largest MBTI-related contributor to standard, academic-related aspects of "intelligence" — and by a substantial margin — and that introversion is a significant secondary contributor. There are lots of personality characteristics that more than one of the MBTI (and Big Five) dimensions have an influence on — and depending on what specific kind of intelligence somebody's focusing on, I think it's probably fair to say that three or four of the MBTI dimensions can potentially end up coming into play.

Tables 11.5 and 11.6 of the 1998 MBTI Manual show the results of two collections of studies, one involving tests of *aptitude* (IQ, SAT, ACT, etc.) and one involving *grades or class standing*. Each collection totals over 21,000 students. The Manual notes: "With only a few exceptions, IN types consistently obtained ranks, as predicted from theory, as the highest four types for both academic aptitude and grades. ... Perceiving types tended to rank higher on aptitude and Judging types on achievement."

Here are the types in rank order from Table 11.5 (16 aptitude samples):

INTP  
INFP  
INTJ  
INFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ

ISTP  
ISFP  
ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ

And here are the types in rank order from Table 11.6 (15 samples involving grades or class standing):

INTJ  
INFJ  
INTP  
INFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP    

ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ISTP  
ISFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP

Both the aptitude and grades tables are in *perfect order* from the standpoint of a dichotomy-centric explanation that says:

• For aptitude, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, P and T.

• For grades, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, J and T.

[Here's a study](http://psych.wisc.edu/henriques/papers/Sak.pdf) of 5,700 gifted adolescents where the self-selection ratios for the types (i.e., the ratio of their percentage among the gifted population to their percentage of the general population) were as follows:

INTP 3.4  
INTJ 2.87  
INFP 2.68  
INFJ 2.67  
ENTP 2.32  
ENFP 2.03  
ENTJ 1.49  
ENFJ 1.26  
ISTJ 0.99  
ISTP 0.78  
ESTP 0.49  
ISFJ 0.40  
ISFP 0.40  
ESFP 0.28  
ESTJ 0.26  
ESFJ 0.24

The order isn't quite as tidy as for those two MBTI Manual tables (especially for the T/F and J/P dimensions), but with the exception of the ESTPs, all the other types are in perfect order in relation to primary-N, secondary-I contributions.
There's [already a reddit thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6qyi5c/what_are_your_thoughts_on_adam_ruins_everything/) about that pathetically — dare I say *despicably* — uninformed video, and you can find my response to the video in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6qyi5c/what_are_your_thoughts_on_adam_ruins_everything/dl13jkn/) and the long PerC post that it links to.

tl;dr: Adam Conover should be ashamed of himself.
*Dom-tert loops* are a steaming heap of donkey dookie — and if you want to read about their silly history, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/).

And no, contrary to hularose's reply, dom-tert loops aren't a Quenk product. I have issues with Naomi Quenk, but to her credit — and like the official MBTI folks — she's never endorsed the HaroldGrantian notion that someone's "tertiary function" (in contrast to their auxiliary) has the same attitude as the dominant.
Yeah, baby. Those ISTJs are about as carefree as carefree can get.

Or maybe somebody needs to get out more...

More generally, and as I-hate-kittens has already noted, J/P is essentially the MBTI version of Big Five Conscientiousness, the facets of which include "achievement striving." And decades of MBTI statistical data also support the relationship between a J preference and things like academic achievement, work orientation and self-discipline.Just in case anyone thinks that's a picture of "the MBTI," the function stack illustrated in that picture is the Harold Grant function stack — and on top of the fact that it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has no respectable body of evidence behind it, it has also never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

Similarly, the illustrated grouping of types into SJ/SP/NF/NT comes from David Keirsey. And contrary to what David Keirsey's more ardent devotees will tell you, it's actually a somewhat arbitrary carve-up of the types — and for what it's worth, Myers thought the most fundamental foursome was NF/NT/SF/ST.

Any redditor open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/), and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.

And for more discussion of Keirsey's famous foursome, and of a leetle correlational study I performed (using a large MBTI data pool) that suggests that Myers may have been onto something with her NF/NT/SF/ST foursome — and of why, contrary to both Keirsey and Myers, I tend to think of the INs as my peeps — see this two-part reddit comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q4z6/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q87d/)
&gt; All the FP and TJ types use the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex heavily

Source?&gt; Nardi, plus some googling to find that EEG F8 = right vlPFC

I was looking for a link to a source that states — based on some kind of respectable evidence — that (as you said) "All the FP and TJ types use the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex heavily."

And I assumed you couldn't point us to any such source. And it looks like I was right.

FYI, the way respectable personality typologies — including the Big Five and the MBTI — have been validating their models for decades now is by demonstrating significant statistical correlations between their groupings and real-world personality characteristics.

You're claiming that FPs and TJs have MBTI-related characteristics in common — based (I assume) on the HaroldGrantian notion that all eight of those types are supposedly "Fi/Te" types. And the reason it's fair to say that that notion is horseshit is that, in decades of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun, one of the patterns that virtually *never shows up* is a correlational spectrum with the FPs and TJs on one side and the FJs and TPs on the other.

Brain regions don't come with labels, daelyte. The only way a guy like Nardi can respectably establish that "right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex" use is associated with "Fi" and/or "Te" is by detecting certain kinds of brain activity simultaneously with the subjects demonstrating "Fi" and/or "Te" in some externally noticeable way. And if FPs and TJs both demonstrate "Fi" and/or "Te" stuff in some externally noticeable way in circumstances where FJs and TPs don't, then Nardi should be able to validate that FP/TJ-vs-FJ/TP grouping using old-fashioned studies that focus on the same externally-noticeable indicators that he's using to associate the "right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex" with TJ and/or FP in the first place.

But I'd advise you not to hold your breath waiting for Nardi — or anybody else — to validate those forum-famous "function axes." Because they're rubbish, and the spectacular lack of correlational support for them in 50 years of MBTI data pools makes it reasonably clear that it's very, very, very, very, very unlikely that they're ever going to receive any respectable support.

And in any case, until there *is* some such support, it's silly for you to be proclaiming that "all the FP and TJ types use the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex heavily."

And so I'm not misunderstood, there's nothing wrong with looking at brain activity as a *second source* of support for type groupings. But if somebody's claiming to see type grouping patterns *on the inside* that they're unable to validate by type grouping patterns *on the outside*, then something's amiss.
&gt; Yes they do. Neuroscientists have been working out what each brain region does, in some externally noticeable way, and validating their theories with real scientific experiments.
&gt; Or is mainstream neuroscience not respectable enough for you?

You misunderstood me. (Intentionally?)

The reason the neuroscientists need to simultaneously observe the "externally noticeable" stuff — and validate their theories with "real scientific experiments" — is precisely because the brain regions themselves don't come with corresponding *descriptive labels* you can read by just peering under the skull.

And as I said, if Nardi's labeling a particular brain region "TJ" and/or "FP" because it's active when there's "externally noticeable" TJ and/or FP stuff going on, then he should be able to validate that function axis *externally* (the way personality psychologists have always done) by way of studies that show that TJs and FPs do that "externally noticeable" stuff under circumstances where FJs and TPs don't.

And good luck with that, because there's never been any significant body of MBTI data pools showing that kind of pattern for TJs and FPs. Or for FJs and TPs. Or for SJs and NPs. Or for NJs and SPs.

"Mainstream neuroscience" is fine, daelyte. But FYI, there's really no mainstream neuroscientific support for your assertion that "all the FP and TJ types use the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex heavily."

And as I understand it, not even Nardi himself claims that the small number of exploratory EEG studies he's done add up to the kind and amount of evidence that would be required before anybody could be making that kind of assertion in any meaningful way.

For better and worse, I'd say my J is on the large side.Viewing yourself as (most likely) a 4w5 is a reasonably good INF indicator, in my experience.

Just in case you'd be interested in quite a lot (depending on how much you decide to read) of potential typing assistance from me, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/) and the posts it links to, which include a 10-post series (at Typology Central) with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input — including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"
Another vote for INFP here — and also above-average in Neuroticism (that's the Big Five dimension that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension).

Just in case you might be interested in some longform typing assistance from me, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/) and the posts it links to, which include a 10-post series (at Typology Central) with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, and a brief intro to Neuroticism — not to mention a provocative discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"
Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)

As anyone who does their homework knows, the respectable (dichotomy-centric) districts of the MBTI are essentially in the same category as the Big Five — and therefore a *long* way from the zodiac — when it comes to validity and reliability, and the psychometric respectability of all four of its dimensions was long ago attested to by the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae and Costa).

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/)

The Step II version of the MBTI has five "facets" for each dimension, just as the NEO-PI-R version of the Big Five has six facets for each dimension.

Another PerC member has helpfully posted the facet descriptions for each of the four MBTI dichotomies (from the MBTI Step II Manual) at PerC, so you can read a lot of the "official" MBTI take on the facets of J/P (and/or E/I, S/N or T/F) in these posts:

[Extraversion / Introversion](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2505745)  
[Sensing / Intuition](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2506658)  
[Thinking / Feeling](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2509569)  
[Judging / Perceiving](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)
There've been a number of surveys and studies over the years that pretty consistently correlate an N preference (or its Big Five equivalent) with liberal views and an S preference (or its Big Five equivalent) with conservative views.

As [Wikipedia notes:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Openness_to_experience)

&gt;There are social and political implications to [openness to experience.] People who are highly open to experience tend to be politically liberal and tolerant of diversity. ... They are lower in ethnocentrism, right-wing authoritarianism, social dominance orientation, and prejudice. Openness has a stronger (negative) relationship with right-wing authoritarianism than the other five-factor model traits (conscientiousness has a modest positive association, and the other traits have negligible associations). ...

&gt;In regards to conservatism, studies have found that cultural conservatism was related to low openness and all its facets, but economic conservatism was unrelated to total openness, and only weakly negatively related to the Aesthetics and values facets. The strongest personality predictor of economic conservatism was low agreeableness.

A [February 7, 2011 N.Y. Times article](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/08/science/08tier.html)  noted:

&gt;The politics of the professoriate has been studied by the economists Christopher Cardiff and Daniel Klein and the sociologists Neil Gross and Solon Simmons. They’ve independently found that Democrats typically outnumber Republicans at elite universities by at least six to one among the general faculty, and by higher ratios in the humanities and social sciences. In a 2007 study of both elite and non-elite universities, Dr. Gross and Dr. Simmons reported that nearly 80 percent of psychology professors are Democrats, outnumbering Republicans by nearly 12 to 1.

And a [December 8, 2010 Slate article](http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2010/12/lab_politics.html) noted that "a Pew Research Center Poll from July 2009 showed that only around 6 percent of U.S. scientists are Republicans; 55 percent are Democrats, 32 percent are independent, and the rest 'don't know' their affiliation."

I'd be surprised if those *very* lopsided statistics don't reflect a substantial correlation between liberal-leaning political views and an N preference.

[Here's a review of several MBTI data sources.](http://www.politicaltypes.com/content/view/24/56/) And PLEASE NOTE: If you just look at the table at the top of the article, you might be led to think it's just NFs (and not NTs) who tend to be liberal, but the overall conclusion of the authors, based on all the MBTI data they looked at, was this:

&gt;**Sensing-Intuition.** Sensing and intuition are the only psychological type preferences that show any consistent relationship to political ideology (in the few studies of which we are aware). In particular, clearer preferences for Sensing associate with conservative leanings whereas clearer preferences for Intuition associate with a more liberal orientation.

I think J/P can also make a contribution, personally, with SJs the likeliest conservatives and NPs the likeliest liberals. And I suspect T/F may also play a role when it comes to at least some issues, with the result that I'd pick STJs to be the most conservative types (on average, of course), and NFPs to be the most liberal.
I've been participating in online type-me exercises for eight years (shoot me now), and the types most likely to start *multiple* threads, over an extended period, in which they express agony and frustration about their ongoing type uncertainties, are INFJs and INFPs.

Just in case that's helpful.

I assume it probably won't be.

I linked you to my 10-post typing kit [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6wwdx5/what_if_i_have_no_type/dmbhv68/) (just in case you've forgotten). J/P seems to be the dimension you have the most doubt about, and that TC series includes three consecutive posts on J/P, starting with [this one.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if you want to read the full descriptions of the five J/P facets from the MBTI Step II Manual, you can find those in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)
There's really no such thing as dom-tert loops. See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/)There's no *correct stack*, because (speaking of "correct") I think James Reynierse was correct to characterize the eight "cognitive functions" — in a series of studies published in the official MBTI journal (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — as a "category mistake."

If you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) (which is also linked to at the end of that previously-linked comment), and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
The OP includes the correlations that weren't statistically significant, so it doesn't really reflect the *results* of the study.

Here's a better summary of the results, and it's also worth noting that they came from a relatively small sample (332).

Antisocial (NTP)  
Avoidant (I)  
Borderline (NP)  
Dependent (I)  
Depressive (IT)  
Histrionic (EF)  
Narcissistic (N)  
Obsessive-Compulsive (ISTJ)  
Paranoid (IT)  
Passive-Aggressive (INP)  
Sadistic (NTP)  
Self-Defeating (IN)  
Schizoid (IT)  
Schizotypal (INTP)
Rather than repeat myself here, I'll just link to [this August comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6qtmms/what_is_the_relationship_between_mbti_and_iq/dl14bto/) which includes some illustrative (and typical) stats indicating that N is the largest MBTI-related contributor to standard, academic-related aspects of "intelligence" — and by a substantial margin — and that introversion is a significant secondary contributor.Just so you know, that INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe function stack you describe in your OP (the Harold Grant function stack) is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
My first comment linked you to a fuller explanation (in another reddit comment), and if you want a lengthier discussion than that, there's a long Typology Central post linked near the end of that linked comment.In case you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if you end up feeling somewhat torn between J and P, and anybody tries to convince you that INTJs and INTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INTx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

Finally, if you want to read the full descriptions of the five J/P facets from the MBTI Step II Manual, you can find those in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)
All four of the IN types are waaay overrepresented at MBTI-related websites. And the reason isn't *mistyping*.

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)
Mistypes can happen on any MBTI test, official or unofficial. And hopefully needless to say, they can happen in either direction on any MBTI dimension.

But the PerC stats in my linked comment (involving a sample of *over 58,000* forumites) suggest than an average MBTI IN is something like *40 times more likely* than an average MBTI ES to join a personality-related internet forum. And there's no way that some kind of grossly unidirectional mistyping skew on E/I or S/N could account for anything close to that level of lopsidedness in those self-selection ratios.

It's maybe also worth noting that S/N is the only dimension where there's substantial lopsidedness in the *official MBTI* results — and it's a lopsidedness in the S direction, not the N direction. Less than 30% of takers come out N on the official MBTI.
If what you're talking about is *how your parents raise you* (rather than your genes), decades of data pretty strongly indicate that they don't.

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)Some weird is bad, some is good, and a lot is fairly neutral.

With that out of the way...

INPs.If anybody tries to convince you that INTJs and INTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INTx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

You can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) And if you want to read the full descriptions of the five J/P facets from the MBTI Step II Manual, you can find those in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)

The dichotomies have always been what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake." (And if you're interested, there's more on that issue in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.)Whether dichotomies "exist" can depend on what you mean by "dichotomies." It can just mean a scale with the 0 in the middle, without necessarily implying any particular kind of distribution curve, and without necessarily implying that you can't be in the middle. MBTI dimensions are most often framed as 0-in-the-middle dimensions (with opposite tugs on the two sides), while Big Five dimension descriptions are more of a messy mix in that regard.

Both the NEO-PI version of the Big Five and the MBTI "Step II" include "facets" that allow for the possibility of being a mix on any dimension, so neither typology takes the position that you necessarily occupy a single position on some kind of spectrum — and in any case, there's currently no typology test (Big Five or MBTI) that can plausibly claim to be positioning people on whatever the real underlying spectrums may be with very much accuracy.

Whether you're an MBTI person or a Big Five person, the respectable framings allow for both a range of possible preference strengths on each dimension, and for the possibility of being essentially in the middle.
Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)
McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they [long ago concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI was doing a respectable job of tapping into four of the Big Five personality dimensions, and that each typology might have things to teach the other. Based on the data they reviewed, they concluded that "each of the four [MBTI] indices showed impressive evidence of convergence with one of the five major dimensions of normal personality."

And that view is widely shared in the more respectable districts of the MBTI as well, and you'll find it reflected in both the Bess/Harvey/Swartz and Reynierse articles that I often link to.

And contrary to what you might read in in poorly-informed sources, and as further discussed in the next linked post, the validity and reliability of the official MBTI have been found to be [essentially "on a par"](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) with more well-accepted Big Five tests.

Anyone who's interested can read more about how the MBTI compares to the Big Five, and how the field of personality psychology compares to astrology, and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI, in this PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
[Part 1 of 2]

The idea that an INFP (for example) is really — deep down inside — more of a *judger* than an INFJ (or ISTJ) is a classic example of how "cognitive functions" analysis can lead somebody right off the rails. That theory-based (and reality-blind) statement has its roots in Isabel Myers's declaration that, for introverts, the J/P label corresponds to their extraverted auxiliary function, while their dominant introverted function has both the opposite attitude *and* is on the opposite side of the J/P fence — a judgment function for an introverted P and a perceiving function for an introverted J.

A.J. Drenth's website ([personalityjunkie](http://personalityjunkie.com/)) is one of the places where you can read about all of us purportedly schizophrenic introverts. And Drenth is certainly entitled to his own opinion about what IPs and IJs are like. But when he says...

&gt;The J-P indicator ... was added by Myers and Briggs as a sort of short-hand way of labeling the types. Unfortunately, many people are unaware of this and take the J-P label to mean something it does not. In actuality, the J-P label merely describes whether the first extraverted function in a given type’s functional stack is a Judging function (either Te or Fe) or a Perceiving function (either Ne or Se).

... he's wrong on the *facts* with respect to Myers' view of the J/P dimension.

For starters, and as Myers acknowledged, the notion that Jung thought the auxiliary function has the opposite attitude to the dominant is contrary to the view of the great majority of Jung scholars, and I'm here to tell you that the majority view is really the only fair reading of *Psychological Types* as a whole — and anybody who's interested can read more about that in [this long PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) So the idea that an IP is going to be *outwardly P and inwardly J* and an IJ is going to be *outwardly J and inwardly P* is, at the very least, non-Jungian, because Jung's functions model said that a Ji-dom (for example) would have a Pi-aux, not a Pe-aux.

But even if you set that issue aside and accept Myers' opposite-attitudes dom/aux functions model — which certainly dominates MBTI internet forums — Myers also characterized J/P as a *separate dimension of personality*.

Prior to the publication of *Psychological Types*, Katharine Briggs was working on a personality typology of her own, and it included a "spontaneous type." When *Psychological Types* was published, Briggs realized, in Isabel Myers' words, that Jung's theory "went far beyond her own, and she made an intensive study of it." The resulting Myers-Briggs typology ended up largely based on Jung's thinking, but with some important differences. One of those differences was the J/P dimension. In Myers' words, Briggs' "own understanding of the 'spontaneous' types had prepared her to recognize the perceptive attitude and the judging attitude — and the fact that they made a fourth pair of opposites." "In all our subsequent work with type," noted Myers, "Katharine Briggs and I have taken these four pairs of opposites as basic." Myers said that she and Briggs did not "invent or discover" the J/P dimension because it was "inherent in Jung's theory," and reasonable people can disagree as to whether this is a misleadingly modest characterization of their adjustments to Jung.

In any case, what no one can really dispute is that, *right from the beginning*, the MBTI typology has treated J/P as a temperament dimension with associated personality aspects of its own — *in addition to holding* that whether you're J or P determines whether you extravert your so-called "judging function" or your "perceiving function." Not only did Myers' *Gifts Differing* devote a chapter to "Effect of the JP preference," that chapter is the *longest* of the four dichotomy chapters. And the questions on the official MBTI that sort you on the J/P dimension are based on the common-J and common-P characteristics that Myers described in that long chapter — rather than on which of your purported top two "functions" you supposedly *extravert*.

And meanwhile, for those interested in Jung's perspective, it's worth noting that if you read through *Psychological Types* looking for descriptions that include the characterizations typically associated with MBTI J's and P's, you'll largely find Jung ascribing them to *all J-doms* (the "rational types") and *all P-doms* ("irrational types"), respectively. So... the better reading of Jung is that he would have looked at the kind of person who tests INFP on the MBTI and said, aha, this is one of those irrational types, and so Ni must be their dominant function and Fi must be their auxiliary; and he would have looked at the kind of person who tests ISTJ on the MBTI and said, aha, this is one of those rational types, and so Ti must be their dominant function and Si must be their auxiliary. And in any case, *nowhere* in Jung will you find the notion, popular on internet forums, that someone's *conscious* side — the dominant and auxiliary functions, in a typical person — will reflect a schizophrenic mix of introverted J-ness and extraverted P-ness (or *vice versa*). And on top of that, to Jung, the auxiliary *served* the dominant; to the extent that substantial oppositional-balancing took place ("compensation," as Jung often called it), Jung generally expected it to come by way of the *unconscious* functions (which *did*, as Jung saw it, have the opposite attitude to the dominant).

Jung said P-doms "find fulfilment in ... the flux of events" and are "attuned to the absolutely contingent," while J-doms seek to "coerce the untidiness and fortuitousness of life into a definite pattern." He said a J-dom tends to view a P-dom as "a hodge-podge of accidentals," while a P-dom "ripostes with an equally contemptuous opinion of his opposite number: he sees him as something only half alive, whose sole aim is to fasten the fetters of reason on everything living and strangle it with judgments." Jung emphatically did *not* say that introverted P-doms "find fulfilment in ... the flux of events" *inwardly* while *outwardly* aiming to "fasten the fetters of reason on everything living and strangle it with judgments."

What's more, returning to the modern MBTI, it turns out you won't really find much of the J/P-schizophrenia notion in Myers either. She *did* briefly note that the opposite attitude of the auxiliary might tend to cause an IJ (for example) to be inwardly P-ish in some ways, but — consistent with quite a lot of lip service that Myers gave to the functions in the first half of *Gifts Differing* and pretty much abandoned thereafter — you won't find much further evidence of those purported splits in her descriptions of what being a J or P involves or her portraits of the sixteen types.

[continued in [Part 2 (below)](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/73rhde/this_fourth_preference_pair_jp_describes_how_you/dnt3wyh/)]
[Part 2 of 2]

Here's some of the J/P table that Briggs prepared and Myers included in *Gifts Differing*:

J | P
:--|:--
Live according to plans, standards, and customs not easily or lightly set aside, to which the situation of the moment must, if possible, be made to conform. | Live according to the situation of the moment and adjust themselves easily to the accidental and the unexpected.
Make a very definite choice among life's possibilities, but may not appreciate or utilize unplanned, unexpected, and incidental happenings. | Frequently masterful in their handling of the unplanned, unexpected, and incidental, but may not make an effective choice among life's possibilities.
Rational, they depend upon reasoned judgments ... to protect them from unnecessary or undesirable experiences. | Empirical, they depend on their readiness for anything and everything to bring them a constant flow of new experience—much more than they can digest or use.
Like to have matters settled and decided as promptly as possible, so that they will know what is going to happen and can plan for it and be prepared for it. | Like to keep decisions open as long as possible before doing anything irrevocable, because they don't know nearly enough about it yet.
Take real pleasure in getting something finished, out of the way, and off their minds. | Take great pleasure in starting something new, until the newness wears off.
Inclined to regard the perceptive types as aimless drifters. | Inclined to regard the judging types as only half-alive.
Aim to be right. | Aim to miss nothing.
Self-regimented, purposeful, and exacting. | Flexible, adaptable, and tolerant.

Note that the J side of the table applies to all J's (EJs *and* IJs) and the P side of the table applies to all P's (EPs *and* IPs), and that both the J and P descriptions include a mix of *both* internal and external characteristics.

Similarly, Lenore Thomson is one of the more well-known *function*-centric MBTI theorists but, in *Personality Type: An Owner's Manual*, she devotes a chapter to "The Fourth Type Category." She notes that J's "may decide before all the facts are in or limit their options just to have things settled and off their minds" while P's "never feel they have enough information to decide, and may seek new options even after deciding." J's "prefer structure; will organize time and efforts to meet goals and deadlines," while P's "resist structure; may not start a project until motivated by the arrival of a deadline." J's "are responsible, firm, true to their word, but may be unwilling to change, even when things are going badly," while P's "are curious, adaptable, masters of improvisation, but may not follow through or stick to something very long."

And note that Thomson is talking here about *all* J types (both EJs and IJs) vs. *all* P types (both EPs and IPs). And note that her focus is a mix of external and internal. She says J's want to get the matter "off their minds" — which is not a portrait of an IJ who is externally decisive but would *internally* have preferred to keep the matter open. And she says P's "never **feel** they have enough information" — which is similarly not a portrait of an IP who is externally open but somehow *internally* decisive and driven to come to firm conclusions.

People who think INFPs — by which I mean the kind of people who test INFP on the official MBTI — are essentially *more judgmental* than ISTJs are under the influence of a theoretical model that, on top of not really matching up with reality, is also more inconsistent than consistent with *both* Jung's and Myers's perspectives on the types. Neither Jung nor Myers described people who exhibited a schizophrenic mix of J and P characteristics in the way you sometimes read about in forum threads, or in some of the more reality-challenged MBTI sources.

Anyone who's interested can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) And anyone who thinks that INTJs and INTPs are waaay different (*because functions*!), or that you can't possibly be an INTx (*because functions*!), is encouraged to take a look at [this TC post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

Finally, anyone who wants to read the full descriptions of the five J/P facets from the MBTI Step II Manual can find those in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)
As anyone who does their homework knows, the respectable (dichotomy-centric) districts of the MBTI are essentially in the same category as the Big Five — and therefore a *long* way from the zodiac — when it comes to validity and reliability, and the psychometric respectability of all four of its dimensions was long ago attested to by the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae and Costa).

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/)
It's pretty common, in my experience, for INFJs to mistype as INTJs (including on the official MBTI) and later conclude that they're actually INFJ. And by contrast, the opposite — INTJs mistyping as INFJs and later concluding they're actually INTJ — *almost never happens*.

And mistyped INFJs often resist the idea that they could be "feelers" because of a mistaken idea of what an F preference involves — and especially how an F preference tends to manifest in the context of an INFJ.

If you'd be interested in a lot of T/F input from me, you can find it in [this Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699952.html#post2699952) and the posts it links to.

(And just for the record, that post is part of a 10-post series that includes separate sections on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?")

Based just on the limited input in your OP, I'd say INFJ is more likely than INTJ.
Oh hell yeah. They only share three of the four MBTI preferences. Who'd expect them to have much in common?

The important thing is that *they share no functions*, amirite?

ENFPs are actually quite a bit more like ISTJs than like ENFJs, amirite? Onnaccounta ENFPs and ISTJs use *the same four functions*.

Well, just in case you might be open to a perspective that bears a substantially greater resemblance to good old reality, Imma link you to [this TC post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

And in case they're of any interest to the OP, here are profile roundups for the ENFs:

**ENFJ Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/ENFJ.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/ENFJ.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/enfjtype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* [abridged])](http://insightsforchange.co.uk/Hirsh-Kummerow/ENFJ%20-%20The%20Sage.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/ENFJ-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFJ.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFJ_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFJ_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFJ_car.html)

**ENFP Profiles**

[MBTI Manual (2nd Ed.)](http://www.csun.edu/~hcpsy002/ENFP.pdf)  
[MBTI Manual (3rd Ed.)](http://mikesplayground.net/Personality/content.php)  
[Keirsey (*Please Understand Me*)](http://hpc.senior.highs.tripod.com/cgi-bin/MyersBriggs/Types/ENFP.html)  
[Kroeger &amp; Thuesen (*Type Talk*)](http://bryden.users2.50megs.com/type/enfptype.html)  
[Hirsh &amp; Kummerow (*Lifetypes* [abridged])](http://insightsforchange.co.uk/Hirsh-Kummerow/ENFP%20-%20The%20Visionary.htm)  
[Berens &amp; Nardi](http://www.careerplanner.com/Berens-Nardi/ENFP-Themes-Relationships.cfm)  
[personalitypage: Portrait](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFP.html)  
[personalitypage: Personal Growth](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFP_per.html)  
[personalitypage: Relationships](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFP_rel.html)  
[personalitypage: Careers](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFP_car.html)
INTPs are celibate by accident; INTJs are celibate on purpose.If you're under the impression that this subreddit "subscribes" to the validity-challenged Harold Grant function stack in a way that makes other perspectives off limits, you are badly misinformed.

Maybe I'll report your post, in the hope that the mods will straighten you out.

For the OP's information...

If anybody tries to convince you that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

And if you're interested in a lot more J/P input from me, you can find it in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

The dichotomies have always been what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake." And if you're interested, there's more on that issue in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
If you're talking about *Jung's* view of extraverts and introverts, then the answer to the OP is "largely true" — but with the caveat that Jung believed that the introvert's "subjective" views were largely shaped by a collective unconscious filled with archetypes/themes/etc. that were a process of evolution and that bore a respectable relation (in *some* cases, anyway) to reality.

Here's some of what Jung said:

&gt;Although it is true that everyone orients himself in accordance with the data supplied by the outside world, we see every day that the data in themselves are only relatively decisive. ... One man resigns himself to circumstances because experience has shown him that nothing else is possible, another is convinced that though things have gone the same way a thousand times before, the thousand and first time will be different. The one allows himself to be oriented by the given facts, the other holds in reserve a view which interposes itself between him and the objective data. Now, when orientation by the object predominates in such a way that decisions and actions are determined not by subjective views but by objective conditions, we speak of an extraverted attitude. ... If a man thinks, feels, acts, and actually lives in a way that is *directly* correlated with the objective conditions and their demands, he is extraverted. His life makes it perfectly clear that it is the object and not this subjective view that plays the determining role in his consciousness. Naturally he has subjective views too, but their determining value is less than that of the objective conditions. ... The actions of the extravert are recognizably related to external conditions. In so far as they are not merely reactive to environmental stimuli, they have a character that is always adapted to the actual circumstances, and they find sufficient play within the limits of the objective situation. No serious effort is made to transcend these bounds. ...  
&gt;...  
&gt;As I have already explained in the previous section, the introvert is distinguished from the extravert by the fact that he does not, like the latter, orient himself by the object and by objective data, but by subjective factors. I also mentioned that the introvert interposes a subjective view between the perception of the object and his own action, which prevents the action from assuming a character that fits the objective situation. ...

&gt;Although the introverted consciousness is naturally aware of external conditions, it selects the subjective determinants as the decisive ones. It is therefore oriented by the factor in perception and cognition which responds to the sense stimulus in accordance with the individual's subjective disposition. For example, two people see the same object, but they never see it in such a way that the images they receive are absolutely identical. Quite apart from the variable acuteness of the sense organs and the personal equation, there often exists a radical difference, both in kind and in degree, in the psychic assimilation of the perceptual image. Whereas the extravert continually appeals to what comes to him from the object, the introvert relies principally on what the sense impression constellates in the subject. The difference in the case of a single apperception may, of course, be very delicate, but in the total psychic economy it makes itself felt in the highest degree, particularly in the effect it has on the ego.
In my experience, INTJ eyes have the instinctual baseline of "That is the stupidest thing I ever heard."Jung himself said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted — and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man." And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

That's not to say that you're in the middle on E/I and/or T/F just because you've gotten some mixed test results — but neither being in (or very near) the middle nor getting mixed test results would make you a freak.

If you think you might be interested in some longform typing assistance from me on E/I and T/F, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/) and the posts it links to.
[Here ya go.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9529660)Jung's model called for an Ni-dom with a T-aux to be Ni-Ti-Fe-Se, so "no Te."

More on that issue [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

And if you're interested, you can find more discussion of Jung's type (and Jung's view of his type) [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/67874-explanation-academia-hasnt-accepted-tested-psychological-types-post2240799.html#post2240799)&gt; I'll just page u/reddshoes and hope that he shows up and brings his copypasta with him &gt;:D

Anyone who's interested can find quite a lot of explanation for why they shouldn't subscribe to the Harold Grant function stack in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.&gt; Data quality is poor to say the least.

&gt; Are you aware that there's no evidence for the basic dichotomies either, since the tests results come out on a bell curve instead of a bimodal distribution?

&gt; Are you aware that 39%-76% get a different type when re-tested 5 weeks later?

You're misinformed. The respectable (dichotomy-centric) districts of the MBTI involve a typology, and a test, that's basically on a par (from a psychometric standpoint — i.e., in reliability and validity terms) with the Big Five.
See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.
&gt;Maybe it's petty and I'm childish but there's something irritating about people who claim to be into something but refuse to dive deeper into it but they still want to talk about it. There's something irritating about people who are willfully ignorant.

You're being unfairly dismissive of the people who are dismissive of the functions on an *informed* basis, rather than because they "refuse to dive deeper."

Believe it or not, the dichotomies are, and have always been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake." And if you're interested, there's more on that issue in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
&gt; By the way, dichotomies also seem to be the wrong way to type people

That section of the Wikipedia article that you've linked to has *nothing whatsoever* to do with whether the dichotomies (rather than the functions) correspond to the real, underlying, substantially-genetic dimensions of personality that the MBTI is tapping into.

That section is just about what the *shape of the distribution is* within each dimension, and whether there's any evidence for bimodality — which is a relatively trivial issue by comparison. And just FYI, Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four dimensions, and if you're looking for a longer discussion of why the "bimodal" issue is mostly a red herring, you'll find it in the second section of this PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)
&gt;I get the impression, that MBTI doesn't account for any middle ground in the dichotomies, which is just ridiculous in itself.

Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted — and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

So I don't know where you've gotten the impression that "MBTI doesn't account for any middle ground in the dichotomies," but that's misinformation.

In any case, before you give up on the MBTI, I recommend that you check out [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/) and the posts it links to.
I'm afraid you've picked up some misinformation about the MBTI. That's been known to happen on the internet.

Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted — and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man." And he said that people of the same type varied considerably in terms of the strength (or, as he often characterized it, "one-sidedness") of their preferences.

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

So I don't know where you've gotten the impression that the MBTI reflects a black-and-white "rigidity and greedy reductionism of the binaries," but that's incorrect.

As for your claim that the MBTI, unlike the Big Five, is "totally rationalistic, and lacking empircally," the respectable (dichotomy-centric) districts of the MBTI involve a typology, and a test, that's basically on a par (from a psychometric standpoint — i.e., in reliability and validity terms) with the Big Five.
See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.

In any case, tho, the most important thing to understand is that *there's no need to choose* between the MBTI and the Big Five. McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists (authors of the NEO-PI-R), and as discussed in that PerC post, they long ago acknowledged that the MBTI was doing a respectable job of tapping into four of the Big Five dimensions, and they suggested that their fellow Big Five psychologists could benefit by reviewing the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" (i.e., the existing body of MBTI studies) for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the typologies share, as well as for "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

As a final note, and to the extent that you continue to read MBTI sources, you'll do well to keep your focus on the dichotomies, rather than the so-called "cognitive functions" — and if you're interested, you can read more about why in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
&gt; Dario Nardi, whose neurological work hints at dominant cognitive processes exhibiting notable patterns among the same type, likewise believes that the stack model is still too speculative

Puh-leeze.

Berens and Nardi have been peddling the Harold Grant function stack (tertiary very much included) as if it's "the MBTI" for 15 disgraceful years.Here's what Nardi said at his "Ask Me Anything" appearance at reddit in February 2013:

&gt;With regard to the functions, I believe a healthy adult needs at least two functions in play most of the time. Why? Because we're all pretty much tasked to do extraverting and introverting, perceiving and judging. We need a minimum of two functions to cover those bases. For example, Ni with Te. (Those happen to be my preferences, represented as INTJ).

&gt;After those two, my research suggests that the second most common pattern is our near-opposite personality type, say ISFP for INTJ. That's Fi + Se. As I look at the brain activity of midlife adults now in my lab, and not just college students, I see this more than ever. I've had two midlife INFJs. Could hardly tell if they are INFJ or ISTP.

How HaroldGrantastic is that, eh? Looking at the brain scans of middle-aged INFJs — with, you know, their third and fourth functions more *developed* than when they were young — Nardi's saying he saw almost as much of their tertiary Ti and inferior Se in play as their Ni-Fe.
&gt; contrary to your assertion of supporting the stack model for over a decade

Berens and Nardi's *Understanding Yourself and Others: An Introduction to the Personality Type Code* was published in 2004, and used the Grant stack. The multi-page description of each type was framed in terms of the personality characteristics associated with (to use ESTP as an example) their dominant Se, their auxiliary Ti, their tertiary Fe, and their inferior Ni. In the first of four paragraphs about the ESTP's Ni, they wrote:

&gt;While often they seem to focus only on the immediate experience, they may be drawn to focus on fulfilling a vision or dream of how life will be in the future. Dwelling on an image of future change or transformation can be very energizing. With time, they experience greater patience abstracting from experiences to new learnings, appreciating that some things in life seem one way on the surface when really they have many other levels.

And the Grant stack wasn't presented as a model that was one of several possibilities, or controversial. They said *this is what your type is about* — once you get beneath those superficial "letters" and understand "the meaning behind the personality type code."

&gt;the cognitive process stack has neurological evidence itself too

I would respectfully suggest that if you hold your breath waiting for Nardi to gather a body of evidence that respectably validates the Grant function stack, it could be hazardous to your health.
Believe it or not, the MBTI can make a respectable claim to being psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests. People who claim it's "pseudoscience" just haven't done their homework.

For more, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6jq04p/the_myersbriggs_type_indicator_mbti_is_bs_thoughts/djgal66/) and the long PerC post that it links to.
All four of the IN types are waaay overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

For an explanation (and more stats), see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)
Mistypes can happen on any MBTI test, official or unofficial. And hopefully needless to say, they can happen in either direction on any MBTI dimension.

But the PerC stats in my linked comment (involving a sample of *over 58,000* forumites) suggest than an average MBTI IN is something like *40 times more likely* than an average MBTI ES to join a personality-related internet forum. And there's no way that some kind of grossly unidirectional mistyping skew on E/I or S/N could account for anything close to that level of lopsidedness in those self-selection ratios.

It's maybe also worth noting that S/N is the only dimension where there's substantial lopsidedness in the *official MBTI* results — and it's a lopsidedness in the S direction, not the N direction. Less than 30% of takers come out N on the official MBTI.
As I'm forever pointing out, the MBTI can make a respectable claim to being psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests. People who claim it's in the same category as the zodiac just haven't done their homework.

If the OP or anyone else is interested in "living REAL" (as the OP put it) when it comes to the MBTI's intellectual respectability, they're better advised to read [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6jq04p/the_myersbriggs_type_indicator_mbti_is_bs_thoughts/djgal66/) (and the long PerC post that it links to) than the links in the OP.
Just in case you weren't aware...

First, the Baynes translation is the original (1923) English translation. There's a more modern (1971) English translation.

Second, you've labeled your video "Part 1" of PT, and your OP says it "corresponds to the first chapter of the book," buuut what it actually is is the first section of *Chapter 10*.

Your YouTube notes say you "got the print version" of PT, but I don't see how you could have thought you were reading the first chapter of the book if you were actually holding a print copy in your hands.
I see you've substantially edited and supplemented your OP since I made my first comment. So... I'm back for a second bite.

In your revised version, you say:

&gt;people who are really interested in this stuff, really MUST go back and read and understand psychological types to get a full understanding about how attitudes and preferences work.

Well, just so you know, Jung's original type categories included a lot of mistakes, and anyone who reads *Psychological Types* today should understand that it's definitely *not* where they should be looking to gain a "full understanding" of what their type is about.

Carl Jung — mystical streak notwithstanding — was a believer in using scientific methods to the extent possible, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI, and noted — correctly — that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by modern scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung included what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) in his very broad notion of what E/I involved. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (statistically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N. Jung said extraverts tend to subscribe to the mainstream cultural views of their time, while introverts tend to reject mainstream values in favor of their own individualistic choices. But Myers discovered that a typical ISTJ is significantly more likely to be a traditionalist than a typical (more independent-minded) ENTP. Jung said an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that it was the S/N and J/P dimensions that primarily influenced someone's attitude toward change, rather than whether they were introverted or extraverted.

And so on. The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of simplified (and more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.

Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them. There's nothing wrong with reading *Psychological Types* if you're interested, and I've read it more than once myself. But you should realize that, although Jung had a lot of insightful things to say about various two-kinds-of-people-in-the-world characteristics that have proven to be psychometrically respectable and have been incorporated into the MBTI, there's a lot that Jung got wrong, too. So anyone who reads *Psychological Types* with an overly reverent attitude is actually being *non-Jungian* in that respect.

Your revised OP also notes that "This is all about cognitive functions... NOT behavior!"... but FYI, there's nothing very *Jungian* about the MBTI-forum-popular notion that associating MBTI (and Jungian) type categories with *behavior* (ZOMG) is just an exercise in silly, shallow stereotyping.

Jung believed that type was a product of *evolution* — and here's part of what he said about why extraversion and introversion had evolved:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation. ... The peculiar nature of the extravert constantly urges him to expend and propagate himself in every way, while the tendency of the introvert is to defend himself against all demands from outside, to conserve his energy by withdrawing it from objects, thereby consolidating his own position. Blake's intuition did not err when he described the two classes of men as "prolific" and "devouring."

Evolution results from *actual reproductive success* — and that's a product of how the organism *behaves*. So as Jung saw it, introversion didn't evolve because Mother Nature wanted a substantial chunk of the human race to *think a certain way*. Introversion evolved because Mother Nature wanted a substantial chunk of the human race to *act a certain way* — and accordingly hardwired introverts with "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while hardwiring extraverts with "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

Anybody who thinks they're being *Jungian* if they refuse to associate type with aspects of personality that go beyond *information intake and processing* can't be somebody who's read *Psychological Types* with any care. Jung said that each of his eight functions effectively constituted what he called a *Weltanschauung*, which means "world view," and that "the conscious attitude is always in the nature of a *Weltanschauung*, if it is not explicitly a religion." Jung wrote about how his types differed with respect to countless aspects of personality, including how you relate to other people; your religious and philosophical perspectives; what aspects of the world you find interesting, meaningful and valuable; how you relate to your emotions; what activities you're likely to enjoy; how confident or fearful you're likely to be; and on and on. And so it's hardly surprising that *Psychological Types* is full of vivid descriptions of many ways Jung said his types tended to differ in their behaviors.

At the end of the day, Jung's original typology and the MBTI (in both its dichotomy-centric and function-centric forms) all deal, at their core, with *internal* temperament dimensions and the various ways they end up being typically manifested *both* internally (by way of values, motivations, thinking processes, attitudes, emotional responses, etc.) and externally (through speech and behavior).
Dancing isn't type-related. It's a function of whether your funk bone is connected to your eardrum.Well, I'm an INTJ with what I consider pretty strong preferences, and I'll definitely cop to being on the clumsy side (in the kitchen, frinstance), but I'm a dancin' fool. House music all night long.&gt;FWIW, the majority of fictional intellectual characters or nerdy characters are actually xSTJs so it's common for people to mistype nerdy or intellectual characters as intuitives 

Well, somebody's certainly confused... but I'm afraid it's not all those other "people" you've referred to.

A characteristically-greater interest in the abstract over the concrete (concepts over facts), besides being firmly established as an N thang by decades of data, is also described as a core aspect of what it means to have an N preference in both official MBTI sources and most well-known unofficial sources, dichotomy-centric and function-centric both.

The S/N items on the official MBTI include "Which word in each pair appeals to you more: concrete (S) or abstract (N)?"; and "If you were a teacher, would you rather teach fact courses (S) or courses involving theory (N)?"; and "Which word appeals to you most: facts (S) or ideas (N)?"; and "Do you usually get along better with imaginative people (N) or realistic people (S)?"

The Big Five factor that essentially corresponds to MBTI S/N is called Openness, and the Openness items on the most well-established Big Five test (the NEO-PI-R) include "I often enjoy playing with theories or abstract ideas"; "I find philosophical arguments boring"; "I sometimes lose interest when people talk about very abstract, theoretical matters"; and "I have a lot of intellectual curiosity."

And among the N's, the INs are the quintessential nerds. The MBTI Manual calls INs the "thoughtful innovators" and says they "are introspective and scholarly. They are interested in knowledge for its own sake, as well as ideas, theory, and depth of understanding. They are the least practical of the types."
I'm past clubbing age today, but in my 20s I was fine with the sounds and lights as long as the volume wasn't so loud that it seemed ear-damaging. I enjoyed strobe lights, as one example.I'd say you're an INT, and without much doubt about the N.

If you'd be interested in quite a bit of J/P input from me, you can find it in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And for links to more typing assistance — including on S/N, and on the famous "can I haz INTx?" issue — see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/) and the posts it links to.
ISFJs feel the guiltiest about them.&gt;Jung didn't use a function stack. Myers used Jungs work to make a function stack, tho not the generally accepted one.

You are badly misinformed. Although Myers made various adjustments to Jung, Jung's original typology involved a four-function stack, and Jung believed the stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux would be Ti-Ni-Se-Fe.

Long explanation (and Jung quotes) [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)
Sorry, amigo, but as the saying goes... you're entitled to your own opinions, but not your own facts. There are aspects of Jung's typology that reasonable people can disagree about, but there's no question that he subscribed to a four-function stack — and he clearly described it in 1921 (in *Psychological Types*), and also 30 years later (in 1952). And the passages I'm referring to are described (and quoted) in that linked post of mine.

As for your "alternativetypology" reference, my dichotomy-centric version of the MBTI is essentially Myers' MBTI, and it remains the mainstream MBTI today, and is the only one supported by any respectable body of studies. It's not some idiosyncratic take on the MBTI that I came up with.

It may interest you to hear that the 17-page report that an ENFJ (for example) receives after taking the relatively recent MBTI *Step II* test includes page after page of dichotomy-based analysis (including five separate subscales for each of the four dichotomies) and not a single mention of "extraverted feeling" or "introverted intuition" — other than a diagram near the end that shows that "ENFJs like Feeling best, Intuition next, Sensing third and Thinking least," and one brief note about tending to use Feeling in the "outer world" and Intuition in the "inner world." *All the rest* of the ENFJ descriptions in the report — after the brief initial profile, which isn't broken down by components — are descriptions of N (not Ni or Ne), F (not Fi or Fe) and so on, and they're the *same descriptions* of N and F (and the five subscales of each) that ENFPs receive in their reports (notwithstanding the fact that ENFJs are Fe-Ni and ENFPs are Ne-Fi).

As another example, [here](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_FormM_Supp.pdf) is the official MBTI source (Form M Manual Supplement) backing up the validity and reliability of the MBTI typology in its Step I incarnation. It refers (directly and indirectly) to a large number of studies providing scientific support for the MBTI, and displays lots of the correlations and other relevant data. And there isn't *a single mention* in that source of any "cognitive function."

And if you're interested, you can read more about the dichotomy-centric history of the *real MBTI* in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5rzat4/need_help_confirmingchanging_my_type_identity/ddbqncv/)
It will only fit you if you order the right size.Most (but not all) of Jung's writing on personality types is in *Psychological Types* (so far so good), but that page you've linked to is just Chapters 10 and 11 of *Psychological Types* — i.e., around 160 pages out of 555 total (looking at the modern edition).

The 395 (or so) omitted pages include the first nine chapters and an appendix with four articles that were published separately from the original version of *Psychological Types*.I suppose I'm a tad biased, but I recommend [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/) and the posts it links to — which include links to (and quotes from) various other online MBTI resources, both official and unofficial.Just based on the limited information in your OP, my first guess would be ESTP.As suggested by your OP, the dichotomies are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. For a long discussion of that issue, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.You are correct. More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/)Jung was making the point that *all* the perceiving functions weren't merely reactive/passive, but rather shaped the user's perception of the object. So unless the "force" socionics associates with Se isn't any different from the "force" it associates with Si, Ne and Ni, it doesn't really makes sense to point to that quote as *Jung supporting socionics*.According to [this Slate article,](http://www.slate.com/articles/life/silver_lining/2011/03/dont_stop_working.single.html) one of the findings of "one of the longest-lasting longitudinal research projects ever undertaken" was that people who are *conscientious* in the Big Five sense — i.e., MBTI J's — live longer than P's.

&gt;One of the most striking findings of *The Longevity Project* is that conscientiousness is a predictor of long life. People who blow their deadlines and forget their appointments tend to find themselves making an early appointment with the grim reaper. Sorting through eight decades of data shows that the reliable, more-mature-than-their years little boys and girls identified in the 1920s became the dependable adults who were most likely to have made it into a new century. "The best childhood personality predictor of longevity was conscientiousness—the qualities of a prudent, persistent, well-organized person …—somewhat obsessive and not at all carefree." 

&gt;The benefits of a conscientious personality are obvious: These people are less likely to smoke and drink, or drive dangerously. Throughout life, conscientious people are less impulsive, and less depressed. The researchers found that the prudent died less from all causes, not just those related to dangerous habits. It appears the conscientious have higher levels of the neurotransmitter serotonin (a brain chemical boosted by antidepressants), which is linked to, the authors write, "many health-relevant processes throughout the body, including how much you eat and how well you sleep."

It may also be worth noting that, when I posted this article at INTJforum, it attracted the following replies from a couple of those you-know-whats:

&gt;You may outlive me or you may not but one thing is for sure, you live a painfully boring life at your best.

and...

&gt;I'd much rather have a short fun life than a long, boring, obsessive one :-P.

Also: you might logically think that being anxiety-prone would be associated with a shorter lifespan, but it looks like, at least up to a point, the reverse may be true. The dimension of personality that's most associated with anxiety level is Neuroticism, which is the one Big Five dimension that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension, and here's a Nov. 2012 *Atlantic* article about what's referred to as a "healthily vigilant mindset":

[Being a healthy degree of neurotic lowers risk of chronic disease](http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2012/11/study-being-a-healthy-degree-of-neurotic-lowers-risk-of-chronic-disease/265179/)

It discusses a study that found that being *both* the Big Five version of a J *and* being above-average in neuroticism (more anxiety-prone than average) combined to lower the risk of chronic disease.Same person. I'd be "reckful" here, too, but that name was already taken at reddit when I arrived.Their writing styles are *very* similar.Believe it or not, the MBTI can make a respectable claim to being psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests. People who claim it's *pseudoscience* just haven't done their homework.

For more, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6jq04p/the_myersbriggs_type_indicator_mbti_is_bs_thoughts/djgal66/) and the long PerC post that it links to.
I already linked you. Lotsa cites, including cites with more cites.All four of the IN types are majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

If you're interested, you can find some further discussion (including Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats) in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)
I try to provide a little something for everybody.Check [this website](http://www.discoveryourpersonality.com/abouttypes.html) out.As dramatically indicated by the stats in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) the four IN types appear to be majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

The MBTI Manual notes that INs "are interested in knowledge for its own sake," and "are the least practical of the types."

Coincidence? I think not.

I also think familiarity with the MBTI helps me understand myself and others better, and that's "useful" enough for me.
"Which word appeals to you most: justice or mercy?" was a T/F item on the official MBTI for many years, and that was because it had performed well (in psychometric terms) in terms of T's having a substantial tendency to favor the "justice" side and F's having a substantial tendency to favor the "mercy" side. In 1998, based on further testing, that item was replaced with "Which word appeals to you more: sensitive or just?"

The Big Five factor that appears to essentially be tapping into the same underlying personality dimension as T/F is Agreeableness, and the Agreeableness items on the most well-established Big Five test (the NEO-PI-R) include "I would rather be known as 'merciful' than 'just'."
For an explanation of your conundrum, and some possible additional typing assistance, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)&gt; There is no ethical way to scientifically test for functions under our current model of ethics for science.

Please explain.I wouldn't call that an explanation. Why can functions "only be done over a long period of time," and with people who don't "know that we're typing them"?

And if it's impossible to make the functions any more scientifically respectable than the zodiac, why should an intelligent person pay any attention to them?The dichotomies are "natural preferences" (substantially genetic), so again, why are you pointing to that as a dichotomy/function distinction?

And what scientific "ethical" rules are you saying are currently preventing research into the functions, but that you're hoping will be set aside in the future?If I may pretend to understand why you need more consent to validate personality characteristics purportedly associated with "functions" than personality characteristics associated with "dichotomies," can you explain why you think there's an ethical change in the offing so consent won't be required anymore?Decades of twin studies have made it pretty much undeniable that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of that, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)

And meanwhile, on the anecdotal front, I'd say my I, N, T and J preferences are all clear, and parents don't get much more predictable/reliable than my parents were.
&gt; I got from the twin studies that genetics did not influence type

This is incorrect. As noted in my linked comment, twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.Uh, thanks, but that really has nothing meaningful to say about those twin studies results.

If you think the same pair of parents are going to raise Twin #2 just as differently from Twin #1 as if Twin #2 was with a completely different set of parents, come back with another reply. Otherwise, just re-ponder the fact that what's at issue here isn't the exact *quantitative* difference in personality between the differing pairs of twins, but the fact that identical twins raised in the same household are no more alike *at all* (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.
&gt; You're taking it as given that the twins raised in the same household receive identical upbringings

I'm doing nothing of the kind, nor have the many, many psychologists who've had a better understanding of the results of those studies than you do. And it's not that hard to understand, really.

Just choosing some hypothetical numbers for the sake of argument (the exact amounts don't really matter, which is the point)...

Assume we could somehow quantify how *alike* two children are raised. And assume that one randomly-chosen set of parents (in the same culture) raises their kids 35% differently (on average) than a second randomly-chosen set of parents. And assume Mr. Researcher has conducted a twin study, and it shows that twins raised in the same household are *no more alike* (in terms of MBTI type) than twins raised in separate households.

And suppose Mr. Researcher says, "Aha! A 35% difference in how you're raised has *no appreciable impact* on your type, and so I conclude that how your parents raise you has little to no influence on your type."

But up steps the skeptical heliotach712, and he says, "But, Mr. Researcher, twins raised in the *same household* aren't raised 100% the same!"

What happens then?

Mr. Researcher says, "ZOMG, you're right! Let's assume two twins raised in the same household are raised 94% the same, rather than 100% the same. That means, let's see, that a 29% difference in how you're raised has *no appreciable impact* on your type, and so I conclude that how your parents raise you has little to no influence on your type."

I hope this clears things up.

&gt; LOL I know! It's really bad, I just have no sense of self, I'm afraid.

Just so you know, the notion that ISFJs and ISFPs are, like, *opposites*, man, because they have *no functions in common* is (not to put too fine a point on it) a steaming heap of donkey dookie.

It's based on a function model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — which is perfectly understandable since, unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that model has no meaningful empirical support (and never will).

For a more detailed takedown of the idea that when you cross that magic line from J to P, it *flips all your functions*, see [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

And for a more general discussion of the bogosity of that function model, plus a link to further input on how to (really) tell J's from P's, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.
It's good you're a Skeptic, cuz there's really no such thing as *dom-tert loops*.

For some further explanation, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/)
I don't know if any type can have any disorder or not, but my understanding is that there are some disorders that certain types are statistically more likely to have. And I don't have any expertise on how particular disorders would tend to "change" (or distort, or whatever) the underlying MBTI type.

And on your last question, if you take a look at [this TC post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) (which I also linked to at the end of that linked comment on loops), you'll see that I don't believe in "tertiary Fi."
You sound more like an INFJ to me. If you're interested, you can find a lot of T/F input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in three posts (part of a 10-post series) at Typology Central:

[one](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699952.html#post2699952)  
[two](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699956.html#post2699956)  
[three](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699957.html#post2699957)  

Among the issues discussed in the second of those posts is the fact that it's pretty common, in my experience, for INFs to test as INTs, and later conclude that they're INFs — whereas the reverse almost never happens.

As a final note, [this post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699954.html#post2699954) has an introduction to the Neuroticism dimension, which is the Big Five factor that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension, and which you might find relevant.
I'm not sure what you mean by "hybrid," but I think it may turn out that it's possible for someone to be sufficiently middlish on one or more of the MBTI dimensions that "x" is at least arguably the best designation for that dimension.

Also: as you'll see if you look at my linked posts, the "Step II" version of the MBTI has five *facets* for each dimension (just as the NEO-PI version of the Big Five has six for each dimension), and the idea is that somebody can be, for example, a T on two of the facets and an F on the other three. So you could certainly call that a "hybrid."
You're welcome, but as a possible point of clarification, and as discussed in those linked posts, "emotional" is far from the best one-word sum-up for the results of an F preference, and INFJs are heavy-duty "thinkers."

And I'd say an INFJ guy would be much more likely to view himself as "50 percent thinker" than an INTJ guy would be to view himself as "50 percent emotional."Yoiks. That's one of the most misinformation-packed MBTI "debunkings" I've ever seen — and that's saying a lot.

The Big Five and astrology belong in very different categories. And guess which of those categories the MBTI belongs in. If you guessed the latter, *you're wrong*. And guess who's acknowledged that the MBTI passes muster in the psychometric respectability department? The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa), among others.

For more about that issue, and a lot of the other garbage in that silly blog post you've linked to, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6jq04p/the_myersbriggs_type_indicator_mbti_is_bs_thoughts/djgal66/) and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.
The psychometrics (validity and reliability both) of the MBTI put it essentially "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests, and you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI —  in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.

The most common cause of confusion on the *reliability* issue, in my experience, is that people confuse retest rates on *single dimensions* with retest rates for a complete four-letter type.

For example, I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

It's probably also worth noting that if you assume that most or all of the MBTI and Big Five dimensions exhibit something like a normal distribution, and if you assume (accordingly) that a large portion of the population is in or near the middle on at least one dimension, and if you add to that the *many* potential sources of error in self-assessment personality tests — from the fact that personality type is a relatively young science and psychologists are quite a long ways from nailing down exactly what the temperament dimensions consist of, to flaws in particular tests (including items that tap into more than one dimension), to multiple kinds of misunderstanding and other human error on the part of the individuals taking the test — it would strain credibility if the test-retest statistics for *any* personality typology didn't indicate a significant percentage of cases where *at least one* of the dimensions came out with a different preference on retesting. And *one* letter change is all it takes to constitute an MBTI retest "failure."
The official MBTI folks have lots of data on which types are most often found (and report being satisfied) in which job categories, and they use their stats to put out a Career Report for each type. Those aren't free, but if you do some googling, you'll find that there are sample versions online for quite a few of the types.

[Here's an official MBTI page](https://www.capt.org/using-type/workplace.htm?bhcp=1) that talks about the career areas that each type tends to gravitate to (and avoid).
Here's some recycled reddshoes, from a year ago (in [another reddit thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5j6r6q/which_type_do_you_think_is_the_least_likely_to_be/dbea6oh/) on the same topic):

Any type can be religious, but some types are more likely to be religious than others, and I'd say there are also significant differences among the types in terms of the kinds of religious beliefs and attitudes they're likely to exhibit. And although a large majority of Americans will tell a pollster that they're "religious" to one degree or other, the subset of people for whom religion really plays a large role in terms of their sense of who they are and the values they live by is a considerably smaller group.

Jung devoted quite a lot of *Psychological Types* to religious beliefs, and why he thought your type was likely to have a lot to do with whether you were religious and what kinds of religious beliefs you were likely to subscribe to.

The statistics in the 1985 edition of the MBTI Manual suggest that the MBTI preference with the strongest correlation with religion (both religious interests and religious occupations) is F. And if you look at just religious *occupations*, there's also a pretty strong J correlation, and a milder N correlation.

So it may be that an NFJ is the most likely MBTI candidate to view their religious beliefs as a core element of their lives — and I certainly think they get that prize as among the four IN types. I think NTs are arguably the most likely MBTI sub-group to be atheists or agnostics, and the results of MBTI/religion threads at INTJforum certainly seem consistent with that idea. I think it's fair to say that the majority view among MBTI theorists is that NTs are the types least likely to accept any "truth" on the basis of some "authority," and that's just one of the reasons I'd expect NTs — especially in any society where there's any significant cultural pressure to be religious — to be the most likely to be unapologetically non-religious. And my sense is that NTs are probably also the types who, if they *are* religious, are least likely to end up with a firm, committed devotion to one particular organized religion — as opposed to a more general/amorphous/spiritual kind of religious philosophy.

And I'd say an INFP is significantly more likely than an INT to be religious, but also that, all other things being equal, an INFP's spirituality (like an INT's) is less likely than an INFJ's to involve subscribing to one particular organized religion. I think NFPs are the types most likely to subscribe to what you might call "new-agey" sorts of spiritual beliefs.

Appendix D to the Second Edition of the MBTI Manual includes lists of occupations "empirically attractive ... to the sixteen types," based on the CAPT MBTI data bank. Specific occupations are listed in mixed case and composite occupational categories are shown in UPPERCASE. The rankings in each list are based on the percentage of the applicable type making up the total number of respondents in the listed occupation or category. So, for example, the fact that art/drama/music teacher is the #2 occupation on the NF list doesn't mean that it's the second most common occupation among the NFs in the CAPT database. It means instead that, among the art/drama/music teachers in the CAPT database, the percentage of NFs was higher than the percentage of NFs for all but one other occupation.

The No. 1 occupation on the NF list is "Clergy, all denominations." The No. 1 and No. 3 occupations on the INFJ list are "Priests, monks" and "Clergy, all denominations"; "Religion: Educator, all denominations" is No. 8; and "RELIGIOUS WORKERS, ALL DENOMINATIONS" is No. 12. By contrast, the INFPs' top 30 only has one religious entry ("Religion: Educator, all denominations"), at No. 7; and the broad category of "RELIGIOUS WORKERS, ALL DENOMINATIONS" is No. 90 on the INFP list. So INFPs are slightly more likely than the average type to have religious occupations, but INFJs are the quintessential religious workers. (ENFJs are the runners-up.)
You sound like an INFJ to me.

Just so you know, it doesn't make much sense for an IN wrestling with their type to have narrowed down their final choices to INFJ and INTP. And that's because the notion that INFJs and INTPs have MBTI-related things in common (as "Fe/Ti types") that neither shares with INFPs or INTJs (as "Fi/Te types") is a byproduct of the Harold Grant function stack — and that's a model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

The way type *really* works is that T's and F's are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to T/F stuff, and J's and P's are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to J/P stuff — and believe it or not, FJs and TPs are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to FJ/TP stuff. Or in other words, there are no MBTI-related aspects of personality that INFJs have in common with INTPs that they don't also have in common with INTJs and INFPs (cuz it's IN stuff). By contrast, INFJs and INFPs have things in common that aren't characteristic of the INTs, and INFJs and INTJs have things in common that aren't characterstic of the INPs.

Speaking in psychometric terms, the "Fe/Ti types" grouping has *no validity* — which is an assessment that reflects that fact that, in *decades* of MBTI data pools, the corresponding correlational pattern has stubbornly failed to show up. Whatever it is that any particular study is correlating with MBTI type, if it's something with respect to which the FJs tend to be out toward one end of the correlational spectrum, you can reliably expect to find the TPs out toward *the other end*. You virtually never find the FJs and TPs together on one side (cuz "Fe," and/or "Ti") and the FPs and TJs together on the other (cuz "Fi," and/or "Te").

So... either "Am I INFJ or INTJ?" or "Am I INFJ or INFP?" makes more sense than "Am I INFJ or INTP?"

If you're interested in a longer discussion of the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find it in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

That comment also includes a link to a 10-post cornucopia of typing assistance at Typology Central, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, and roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types.
Here's some recycled reddshoes (from another forum) on NFs (especially NFPs) and New Age stuff:

The whole world of stuff that gets lumped under the "New Age" umbrella — in the words of Wikipedia, that "decentralized Western social and spiritual movement that seeks ... the attainment of the highest individual human potential ... [and] includes aspects of astrology, esotericism, metaphysics, alternative medicine, music, collectivism, sustainability, and nature ... [and is also] characterized by an individual approach to spiritual practices and philosophies, and the rejection of religious doctrine and dogma" — tends to be much more N than S, but among N's, it's also fair to say than NFs tend to make up the "New Age" core. At the risk of annoying some of the NFs in the audience, I think it's fair to say that the more *flaky* any particular New Age practitioner seems, the more likely it is that they're an NF rather than an NT.

The mystical flavor of some N (and especially Ni) descriptions goes all the way back to Jung, who mostly considered the abstract/concrete component of N/S a component of I/E instead, and conceptualized an N preference primarily in terms of a special ability to perceive the contents of the unconscious and to envision, as Jung put it, "possibilities as to whence [something] came and whither it is going." Jung's Ni-dom portrait has a pretty strong *mystical visionary* aspect that I don't think a typical INTJ (for example) is very likely to identify with.

And it's not uncommon for MBTI tests — both dichotomy tests and functions tests — to include one or more N questions (or Ni or Ne questions) that I suspect an NF or NP is more likely to choose the N response to than an NTJ. I'd say NTJs are the most *grounded* of the N's in a number of ways, with the result that the N responses are sometimes too mystical/flaky/whatever to appeal to an NTJ.

As one example: One of the most well-known MBTI books is *Please Understand Me*, by David Keirsey, and it includes a 70-question test to determine your type. The original version of the book included this question:

&gt;Are visionaries (a) somewhat annoying, or (b) rather fascinating

This was supposed to be an S/N question. Response (a) was supposed to appeal to S's, and (b) to N's. But I thought it was a poor question, because I'm a really strong N but also a pretty strong TJ, and to me, "visionary" has a spiritual new-agey theories-out-of-thin-air connotation, so I chose (a) annoying. I thought the question was better designed to separate NF's from S's than N's from S's. Well, lo and behold, it looks like quite a few NTs (and maybe especially NTJs) must have had the same problem, because Keirsey adjusted the question for purposes of the later version of the book. In *Please Understand Me II*, the question now reads:

&gt;Do you find visionaries and theorists (a) somewhat annoying, or (b) rather fascinating

I still think the inclusion of "visionaries" makes it a weak question, but it's better than it was.

As another example: As I've said, I'm an INTJ with what I consider strong T and J preferences, and these Ni items from Nardi's cognitive functions test —

&gt;• Experience a premonition or foresee the distant future.  
&gt;• Gain a profound realization from a mystical state or sudden release of emotions.  
&gt;• Feel attracted to the symbolic, archetypal, or mysterious.

— have too much of a flaky flavor for me to relate to them very well. To identify with that kind of stuff, I think it helps to be an NF or NP (or both), and it probably also helps to be at least somewhat prone to believe in ESP and/or other supernatural stuff — as Jung was. Jung most often gets typed as an INTJ, INTP or INFJ, and the people who consider him an INFJ sometimes point to his mystical bent as one of the reasons they think he was an NF rather than an NT.

FIRST FINAL NOTE: I should probably clarify that I'm not meaning to suggest that I consider it all that likely that an INFJ will have a significant mystical streak (or identify strongly with those Nardi test items) — and all other things being equal, I think a typical INFP is more likely to embrace mystical stuff than a typical INFJ. (Again, I see *both* T and J as, to some degree, "grounding" influences.) But, because I think an INTJ is significantly *less* likely to relate to stuff with a mystical flavor, I most often point to INTJs when I'm making the point that I don't really think it's appropriate to characterize IN_Js (or NJs) in those terms.

SECOND FINAL NOTE: And just in case I've given you an overly strong impression that T's have a negative reaction to anything New-Agey, let me re-emphasize that, particularly if you're talking about less fringy/flaky New Age ideas and practices (meditation, yoga, eastern philosophy), you're likely to find plenty of NTs with at least a mild interest.
Believe it or not, the MBTI can make a respectable claim to being psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests. People who claim it's "just a theory" (or "pseudoscience") just haven't done their homework.

For more, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6jq04p/the_myersbriggs_type_indicator_mbti_is_bs_thoughts/djgal66/) and the long PerC post that it links to.
As Nardi hisself explained in an [interview earlier this month:](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/93318-interview-dario-nardi.html)

&gt;Ultimately, I’ll write Neuroscience of Personality 2.0. **The first edition reported on a pilot study. Truly. I can’t emphasize that enough. I "proved" nothing.** I gave some evidence and ideas for how to go about doing research. The second edition needs to much more solid if it’s going to have lasting value. And it’s important I really understand what works, and what’s poor methodology, so that in the decades ahead as other people try to do this kind of work, they will have a better chance of avoiding pitfalls and dead-ends. ... So I have my job cut out for me at multiple levels.
I'm nothing like a Nardi fan, but with all due respect, his "personal judgment" on what his "data" has and hasn't respectably established about the so-called "cognitive functions" is a lot more credible than yours.

It sounds to me like your knowledgeability is not too far above nil in that department.ESTJs.

Anybody who'd pick one of the IN types might want to take a look at [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)*Objection overruled.*

That's the INTJ way.As explained in detail in the post linked below, that *Vox* video is woefully uninformed.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

That post was written in reponse to the *Vox* article that the video linked in the OP is based on, and the multiple points of misinformation it addresses are the same ones that appear over and over in the great internet MBTI-Is-Astrology Echo Chamber.

Among the sources cited in my PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.
It's possible the [Stanford Encylopedia of Philosophy's entry on Science and Pseudo-Science](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/pseudo-science/) will help straighten you out.

I'm not gonna hold my breath, tho.
See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6mgx9n/though_it_is_less_commun_should_ambiverts_also_be/dk1wesr/)For what it's worth, the official MBTI folks have made it clear they consider it inappropriate and *unethical* to use the MBTI in connection with hiring, firing, job placement and/or promotions, and also consider it unethical to *require* any employee to take the MBTI in the first place.

For more on that, see [here](http://www.myersbriggs.org/myers-and-briggs-foundation/ethical-use-of-the-mbti-instrument/ethical-guidelines.asp) and [here.](https://www.mbtionline.com/Faq)
According to Jung, a typical Ni-dom with an F-aux would have Ni-Fi-Te-Se as their function stack.

More [here,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) if you're interested.Just so you know, it really doesn't make sense to have narrowed down your type to two possibilities and have those possibilities be INFJ and ISTP. As among the seven other introverted types, ISTPs are actually the type that has the *least* in common with INFJs.

The notion that INFJs and ISTPs have a lot of MBTI-related personality characteristics in common because they *use the same four functions* is based on an MBTI bastardization that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function model has no substantial body of evidence behind it.

The way type *really* works is that T's and F's are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to T/F stuff, and J's and P's are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to J/P stuff — and believe it or not, FJs and TPs are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to FJ/TP stuff.

Speaking in psychometric terms, the "Fe/Ti types" grouping has *no validity* — which is an assessment that reflects that fact that, in *decades* of MBTI data pools, the corresponding correlational pattern has stubbornly failed to show up. Whatever it is that any particular study is correlating with MBTI type, if it's something with respect to which the FJs tend to be out toward one end of the correlational spectrum, you can reliably expect to find the TPs out toward *the other end*. You virtually never find the FJs and TPs together on one side (cuz "Fe," and/or "Ti") and the FPs and TJs together on the other (cuz "Fi," and/or "Te").

If you're interested in a longer discussion of the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Harold Grant function stack — you can find it in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

That comment also includes a link to a 10-post cornucopia of typing assistance at Typology Central, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, and roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types.

As a final note, and as further discussed in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/) there's no such thing as *dom-tert loops*.
Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)
Carl Jung coined the terms *introvert* and *extravert*, and here's how he viewed them:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

Myers and Briggs, in creating the MBTI typology, viewed E/I as multifaceted (as Jung had), including various elements normally associated with shyness and sociability, and the majority of the items on the official MBTI indicator involve the social aspects of E/I.

The MBTI Manual is full of charts showing the results of various studies that have been done over the years that have found statistically significant correlations between the MBTI dimensions and other personality measurements. MBTI extraversion correlates positively with traits like "affiliation," "sociability," "social presence," "exhibition," "gregariousness," "expressed affection" and "talkativeness," while MBTI introversion correlates positively with traits like "controlled," "social introversion," "reserved," "shy," "defendance" and "infavoidance" (avoidance of embarrassment).

Whether you're looking at MBTI sources that focus primarily on the dichotomies or on the "cognitive functions," the E/I descriptions generally include some elements of shyness and sociability in the mix. The E/I items on Keirsey's type test include "Do you think of yourself as (a) an outgoing person or (b) a private person?", "At work do you tend to (a) be sociable with your colleagues or (b) keep more to yourself?", and "Are you inclined to be (a) easy to approach or (b) somewhat reserved?" And Lenore Thomson characterizes extraverts as "outgoing," and introverts as "reserved" and "private."

So yeah, it’s a holy mystery to me how anybody ever got the idea that introverts tend to be more reserved/shy/private and extraverts tend to be more expressive/sociable/talkative.
&gt; the mean grades of S against N are usually higher

Source?&gt;The American educational system is constructed in such a way that caters to sensors, especially xSTJs to be at a much more advantageous position. Their SiTe allows them good memorization skills and the fine-tuned ability to search for facts and work out systems and the like. They are academically much more intellectual.

It might interest you to know that S/N and the American educational system was kind of a pet issue of Isabel Myers, and she devoted a chapter of *Gifts Differing* to "Learning Styles." But she claimed that it was the S's, not the N's, who were disadvantaged by typical academic approaches, and she presented a lot of data, both in *Gifts Differing* and the 1985 MBTI Manual, in support of the idea that N's, *on average*, tend to be more academically successful.

Can you point us to any sources for your contrary perspective?
This from a woman who believes ENTJs and ESFPs have lots in common cuz they "share ALL the same functions."

Clearly "a decent amount of reading" doesn't always lead to "understanding."Just so you know, there's no such thing as Gammas.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.Your questions indicate that you have little idea of how the MBTI was developed, or how it compares to the Big Five.

The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa) long ago acknowedged that each typology had things to teach the other, and that was correct in 1990, and it remains correct today.

And the notion that a dichotomy-centric MBTI framing is limited to *superficial traits*, while the cognitive functions are about *deeeeeper stuff*, man, is just *functionista* propaganda. The cognitive functions have been rightly characterized — in the official MBTI journal, no less — as a "category mistake"; and there's *nothing* that "type dynamics" *adds* to the dichotomy-centric model that's been shown to have any more validity than the zodiac.

There's more in that linked post (and the long Typology Central post it links to), if you're interested.
&gt;What does MBTI have to teach the Big Five?

Isabel Myers was onto four of the five Big Five dimensions years before there really was a Big Five, which is why it's hardly surprising that McCrae &amp; Costa approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" (i.e., the decades of MBTI studies that already existed at that time), and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

MBTI sources and studies often point to aspects of type — and particularly personality characteristics associated with *preference combinations* — that you're not likely to find in Big Five sources, just as Big Five sources and studies are likely to open your eyes to aspects of type that tend to be missing from MBTI sources.

And it's also worth emphasizing that, for an ordinary person looking for a typology to help them understand how the personality components that the MBTI and Big Five tap into combine to form multiple relatively distinct personalities, and looking for rich descriptions of those personalities, I don't think there's any question that the Big Five can't really compete with the MBTI. There's no Big Five equivalent of Myers' *Gifts Differing*, or Keirsey's *Please Understand Me*, or any of the other reasonably well-regarded MBTI sources that are aimed at non-academics.

And maybe the most important point to stress on the *MBTI vs. Big Five* issue is that there's really no need to *choose* one or the other. Assuming that the real underlying temperament dimensions that the MBTI is dealing with (in its imperfect way) are the same as four of the dimensions that the Big Five is dealing with (in its imperfect way), I don't see any reason not to look to respectable Big Five sources *and* respectable MBTI sources (as I do) for interesting data and possible insights into the nature of those dimensions.
On the contrary, the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five. And if you're interested (and you should be), you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/) and the PerC post that it links to.

And if you want to understand why it really does make sense to call the dichotomy-centric MBTI framing the *Real MBTI Model*, you can find the answer in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the Typology Central post that it links to.

And whether it matters to you or not, both those comments (and the linked posts) are *CERTIFIED BULLSHIT-FREE*.
Say what?

I didn't say you didn't understand quadras at the *theoretical* level. The point is that, at the reality level, those groupings have no more validity than the zodiac.*Gifts Differing* and the MBTI Manuals, just for starters, discuss and/or refer to thousands of studies. 1,500 studies in the 1985 Manual alone, by one independent count. ("Review of Research on the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator." Perceptual &amp; Motor Skills, 70, 1187, 1990.) But no, I can't "link" to those sources, since they're not free online.

Again, that's the reason the leading Big Five psychologists recommended that their fellow Big Fivers look into the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" for additional insights into the four overlapping dimensions of personality.
As a *factual* matter, INTJs and ESFPs either have MBTI-related aspects of personality in common (cuz Ni and Te and Fi and Se) or they don't.

And the failure of any such function-based correlational patterns to ever show up in decades of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun, puts that function model in the same category as the one that says Beth and Judy have aspects of personality in common cuz they're both Capricorns.

And that's a very different category from the one that the Real MBTI Model and the Big Five are in.

And you're free to "care about" that distinction or not care about it, but if your "research" led you to believe that your assertion that ENTJs and ESFPs have a lot in common because they "share ALL the same functions" was in the Real MBTI Model category rather than the zodiac category, then your research was faulty.

And if your "research" led you to believe that the Real MBTI Model and the Big Five aren't both tapping into several substantially genetic, multifaceted clusters that have been respectably shown to have profound impacts on countless aspects of people's personalities, then your research was faulty in that respect, too.

Here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88   
INFJ  2.95   
INTP  2.92   
INFP  1.97   
ENTJ  1.56   
ENTP  1.42   
ENFP  1.09   
ENFJ  1.08   
ISTJ  0.68   
ISTP  0.50   
ISFP  0.49   
ISFJ  0.43   
ESTP  0.22   
ESFJ  0.18   
ESTJ  0.12   
ESFP  0.02

Stat spectrums that orderly — not to mention that dramatically lopsided — are what you call a personality psychologist's dream. What they indicate (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) is that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.

That's the kind of data McCrae &amp; Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists) were referring to over 20 years ago when they praised the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and specifically noted that studies like those could "provide valuable replications" of Big Five studies relating to the four dimensions of personality that the MBTI and Big Five share.

Keeping in mind that twin studies indicate that those four dimensions of personality are substantially genetic, the results of that sample suggest that there are relatively hardwired dimensions of personality that can make a person of one type (e.g., an INTJ) something like *30 times more likely* than another type (an ESTJ) to end up as a science major at Cal Tech.

And I hope you'd agree that if someone had ascertained the zodiac signs of those same 705 Cal Tech science majors, it's very unlikely that the distribution of zodiac signs for those students would have been substantially different than the distribution in the general population. And that's because the zodiac, unlike the MBTI, has *no validity*.

A-a-and you see where the ESFP is in relation to INTJ? That's what always happens. Believe it or not, you virtually never see MBTI data pools where the TJs and FPs are on one side of the spectrum and the TPs and FJs are on the other — cuz the main MBTI-related influences on whatever's being correlated with type are Fe and/or Fi and/or Te and/or Ti. And you virtually never see MBTI data pools where the NJs and SPs are on one side of the spectrum and the NPs and SJs are on the other — cuz the main MBTI-related influences on whatever's being correlated with type are Ne and/or Ni and/or Se and/or Si.

And those really and truly are the *facts* — just in case your research missed them, and just in case you ever decide you care.
As discussed at length in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the Typology Central post that it links to, the issue is the virtually complete *lack* of "data-based evidence" for the notion that TJs and FPs have anything in common, or SJs and NPs have anything in common, and so on.

Theoretical type categories establish their *validity* by means of statistically significant correlations in suitably large samples, and the stunning absence of the associated correlational patterns (e.g., TJs and FPs being on one side of a correlational spectrum, with TPs and FJs on the other) in decades of MBTI data pools is what puts those goofy "quadra" groupings in the same category as the zodiac.

And by contrast, and as further discussed in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/) the "data-based evidence" for the many groupings (involving preferences and preference combinations) that follow from the Real MBTI Model have been found to put it psychometrically "on a par" with the more well-respected (in academia) Big Five tests.
&gt;The "Debunking the MBTI Debunkers" is an interesting read, but lacks proper scientific sources to backup the claims.

I'm the author of that post, and I can't imagine what you mean.

McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and my article opens by linking to the [1990 review](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_From_the_Perspective_of_the_Five-Factor_Model_of_Personality) where they not only found the MBTI scientifically respectable, but also approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" (i.e., the decades of MBTI studies that already existed at that time), and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

My post also links to (and quotes) a [2003 Bess/Harvey/Swartz article](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that discusses both (1) a meta-review of existing MBTI studies, and (2) their own 11,000-subject study, on the basis of which they conclude that the MBTI is psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests.

Want moar? Here are the two official MBTI sources backing up the validity and reliability of the MBTI in its Step I and Step II incarnations:

Step I: [MBTI Form M Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_FormM_Supp.pdf)   
Step II: [MBTI Step II Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_StepII_Man_Supp.pdf)



INFJ sounds like the best fit to me, but INFP wouldn't surprise me. And above-average in neuroticism, which is the Big Five dimension that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dimension.

In case you're interested, you can find links to a lot of additional typing assistance from me (and other sources) — including a 10-post series at Typology Central — in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/676rbg/type_me_stuck_on_my_type_for_2_years/dgo8j7v/) and the posts it links to.

That TC series includes a separate section on each MBTI dimension, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, and a brief intro to neuroticism — not to mention a provocative discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"
I'm pretty much inactive (at all the forums) in terms of type-me exercises beyond just linking to my more general input and responding to any questions/reactions the subject may have about them.If you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)

That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"

I don't know what tests you've taken, but the official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

And in case you're up for taking it and are interested in some guidance with respect to the proper "frame of mind," here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.

Your OP was mostly framed in terms of the so-called "cognitive functions," so as a final note, and believe it or not, the dichotomies are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI — and if you're open to a long discussion of that issue, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.

I vote INTP.

If you forget you ever heard of "cognitive functions" and focus on the dichotomies, do T and P seem like the best fits, or do you lean F or J (or middlish on either of those dichotomies)?Believe it or not, the dichotomies are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks, the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

And in particular, the Harold Grant function stack (the one that says INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe), besides being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function model has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

If you're interested in a longer discussion of the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find it in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

That comment also includes a link to a 10-post cornucopia of typing assistance at TC, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"
&gt; It means also that the MBTI test measures the same traits the big five does, but more poorly. If big five does it better, the advantages of using MBTI aren't really clear.

The MBTI lacks the neuroticism dimension, but when it comes to the four overlapping dimensions, the extent to which the Big Five "does it better" is often substantially overestimated, largely because of the academic bias that Harvey describes in that 2003 article.

On top of various (data-supported) aspects of those four dimensions that the MBTI has paid attention to and Big Five theorists have tended to neglect, and as noted in the "Beyond the metrics" section of my *Debunking the MBTI Debunkers* post:

&gt;For an ordinary person looking for a typology to help them understand how the personality components that the MBTI and Big Five tap into combine to form multiple relatively distinct personalities, and looking for rich descriptions of those personalities, I don't think there's any question that the Big Five can't really compete with the MBTI. There's no Big Five equivalent of Jung's *Psychological Types* or Myers' *Gifts Differing* or Keirsey's *Please Understand Me* or any of the other reasonably well-regarded MBTI sources that are aimed at non-academics. And yes, the descriptions in those kinds of Jungian/MBTI sources go well beyond the kinds of limited descriptions that can (at least arguably) be backed by one or more peer-reviewed studies — but, unless and until the day comes when a lot more studies have been done, I think anyone who simply dismisses all those less-than-fully-"scientific" sources is missing out on a lot.
Way to grossly mischaracterize Jung's characterization of Si-doms, Lastrevio. Somebody certainly "misunderstood" Jung, but it wasn't Myers. It was you.

In developing the Myers-Briggs typology, Myers departed from Jung in many ways, both large and small, and it's pretty common to encounter forum posters with the perspective that the MBTI, to the extent that it departs from Jung, mostly represents an oversimplified dumbing-down of Jung and/or a misunderstanding of Jung. But on the contrary, the MBTI owes much of its spectacular success to the fact that the great majority of Briggs' and Myers' additions, corrections and other changes were improvements — including appropriate *expansions* — to Jung's original conceptions of the types.

There's certainly no denying that one of the results of Myers' changes to Jung is that each of her 16 type descriptions differs (to varying degrees) from Jung's description of the cognitive function (and function-dom) that purportedly corresponds to that type. And if I wanted to pick a single cognitive function where Myers' conception of the corresponding types departed the most from Jung, I'm pretty sure I'd pick *introverted sensation*.

The fact that Jung characterized Si the way he did, combined with the fact that Myers and virtually all other MBTI theorists who pay any attention to the functions associate Si with MBTI SJs, is the reason why modern descriptions of Si — whether you're looking at dichotomy-centric sources or function-centric sources — bear little resemblance to Jung's "Si" descriptions, and are more like the *opposite* of Jung's descriptions in many ways.

As Jung saw it, Si-doms were awkward, touchy eccentrics, detached from reality, who inhabited "a mythological world, where men, animals, railways, houses, rivers, and mountains appear partly as benevolent deities and partly as malevolent demons." In describing what he referred to as "the reality-alienating subjectivity of this type," Jung said that an Si-dom "has an illusory conception of reality," and that the relation between the actual physical world and the Si-dom's perceptions of it is "quite unpredictable and arbitrary."

"Adjusting the temperature of the water so it's not too hot or not too cold either." Are you kidding me?

"Being careful when moving down the stairs so you don't trip and fall," and "being careful with equipment." Are you kidding me?

Jung said that, for an Si-dom, the actual people and things of the outside world were basically just "stimuli" that triggered perceptions of primordial archetypes in the collective unconscious, and your OP takes note of the Si-dom's focus on those "primordial images." But you go on to describe the Si-dom *comparing* the outside world to those archetypes, with the goal of constructively "adjusting" the world so it aligns with "that sweet perfect spot of homeostasis" — and Jung said no such thing. What Jung said is that a typical Si-dom mistakenly assumes that his subjective impressions *actually correspond to reality* — even though, as a rule, "his sensations are totally different from reality," and the relation between the real world and his perceptions are "unpredictable and arbitrary."

And that's why it's no surprise that Jung grouped Ni-doms and Si-doms together as the "most useless of men" from the standpoint of achieving practical, real-world results — and taken as a whole, I'd say the Ni-dom portrait is considerably more flattering than the Si-dom portrait.

By contrast, Myers portrayed IS_Js as among the most down-to-earth and realistic of all the types. She called them the "most practical of the introvert types," and said "they have a complete, realistic, practical respect both for the facts and for whatever responsibilities these facts create. Sensing provides the facts, and after the introverts' characteristic pause for reflection, their judgment accepts the responsibilities."

And when it comes to Si, virtually all the more well-known function-centric theorists — from Thomson to Quenk to Berens to Nardi — are on board with Myers' radical revamp of Jung's original concept.

And anyone who's interested can find a longer discussion of this — with supplemental quotes from Jung, Myers and others — in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/)

&gt;and how does this actually manifest? a concrete example?

[Let the record reflect that Lastrevio replied to my comment within 4 minutes, which I'm sure gave him plenty of time to read and digest both it and the linked comment. Hence his thoughtful follow-up question.]

Why are you asking *me* how *Jung's* characterization of Si would "actually manifest" in a "concrete example," when I've made it clear that I agree with Myers, Quenk, Thomson *et al* that Jung's characterization doesn't "actually manifest," cuz it's wrong?

I've been at INTJforum for over 8 years, and there've been a number of threads on the subject of which types INTJs are most likely to clash with, and the ESJ types always "win" those threads, and I'm on board with that.

I'd say a typical ISFJ is quite a lot easier to get along with than a typical ESFJ or ESTJ.
See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/) and the long post that it links to (which is also linked in the sidebar).I'd say your OP sounds somewhat more J-ish than P-ish. SJs are the types that are mostly responsible for giving J's a reputation for neatness. NJs don't typically care all that much about neatness in cases where the mess isn't really causing any functional problems — although NPs are the true slobs. And it's pretty typical for young NJ's to feel relatively P-ish if they compare themselves to their parents and/or other adult authority figures in their lives. If you'd say you're a J as compared to most of your friends, that's a reasonably significant J indicator.

Punctuality's a better J/P indicator than neatness. If you're almost never late to anything where being on time matters, and especially if you're often a bit early (cuz you allowed some extra time cuz shit happens), that's worth a couple J points.

In case you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And if you end up feeling torn between J and P, and anybody tries to convince you that INTJs and INTPs (or INFJs and INFPs) are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INTx or INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

As a final note, you shouldn't feel sheepish about the fact that you've found it "hard to determine which functions you actually use" — because your confusion on that score probably speaks more to problems with typical function-based descriptions and models than with any comprehensional shortcomings on your part. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake." And if you're interested, there's more on that issue in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
Wait. Is "including Vox" supposed to add some credibility to the charge?

See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/) and the long post that it links to (which is also linked in the sidebar).The dichotomy-centric MBTI — what I call the Real MBTI Model — is essentially in the same category as the Big Five when it comes to psychometric respectability (reliability and validity).

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/)

The so-called "cognitive functions," on the other hand, have been rightly characterized — in the official MBTI journal, no less — as a "category mistake"; and there's *nothing* that "type dynamics" *adds* to the dichotomy-centric model that's been shown to have any more validity than the zodiac.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
&gt;Extraversion spelled as 'Extroversion' was an error... something relating to translation, I believe.

True dat. Jung coined the term "extraversion," and he referred to later "extroversion" spellings as "bad latin."I'd say E and F are the main MBTI-related influences, so the four EF types should be at the top and the four IT types should be at the bottom, with the IFs and ETs in between. As between the IFs and the ETs, which foursome is moreso could depend on what your particular definition of *social extraversion* is.

Within each foursome, I'd be inclined to put the S's above the N's, and that (mild) S&gt;N influence is also somewhat reflected in your rankings.
Here's what Jung said (in Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types*) about Ne-doms and gender:

&gt;Many business tycoons, entrepreneurs, speculators, stockbrokers, politicians, etc., belong to this type [Ne-doms]. It would seem to be more common among women, however, than among men. In women the intuitive capacity shows itself not so much in the professional as in the social sphere. Such women understand the art of exploiting every social occasion, they make the right social connections, they seek out men with prospects only to abandon everything again for the sake of a new possibility.
If anybody tries to convince you that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961) INFJs and INFPs have a lot of type-related things in common, and are arguably more like each other than either is to any other type — and that view is consistent with both Jung's and Myers' perspectives.

Jung thought the function stacks of an Ni-dom with an F-aux and an Fi-dom with an N-aux were Ni-Fi-Te-Se and Fi-Ni-Se-Te, respectively — so the *same four functions*, albeit in a somewhat different order. And Myers thought the type groupings with the most in common were the NFs, NTs, SFs and STs.

You can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) And if you want to read the full descriptions of the five J/P facets from the MBTI Step II Manual, you can find those in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)

The dichotomies have always been what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake." And if you're interested, there's more on that issue in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
If you read my linked posts — in particular, [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to — you'll see that I'm hardly arguing that Jung "got it right" as far as *function stacks* (among other things) are concerned.

And you'll also read why it's irrelevant to the dichotomies-vs.-functions issue that you can take, e.g., "Ne" descriptions and observe that they apply reasonably well to INFPs (better than they apply to INFJs). To the extent that an Ne description is made up of aspects of cognition/personality that tend to be most characteristic of people who have both N and P preferences, of course that's going to be the case.
If all you say about "Ne" is that it's a description of things that are characteristic of NPs, then that's OK as far as it goes, but function-centric people generally say much, much more than that.

They say that the most deep/important/whatever components of an INFP's personality are their FP and their NP stuff, and they tend to shortchange or ignore the other two-preference combinations, not to mention the single preferences (which are the true, substantially-genetic building blocks of your type).

And moving to the ludicrous side of things, and assuming they subscribe to the internet-famous Harold Grant function stack, they also say that SJs and NPs — who are actually *opposites* when it comes to aspects of personality contributed to by the S/N and/or J/P preferences — have aspects of personality in common because they're both "Ne/Si" types.

How many type-me threads have you read where somebody tries to type themselves (or somebody else) by trying to figure out whether the type-me subject is an "Ne/Si" type or an "Ni/Se" type, and/or whether they're an "Fi/Te" type or an "Fe/Ti" type? And that's pathetic, not to put too fine a point on it. INFPs and ESTJs have — wait for it — *no* MBTI-related aspects of personality in common. They don't have "Ne" stuff in common, or "Si" stuff in common, or "Fi" stuff in common, or "Te" stuff in common. And anyone who says otherwise is working with a model that has no more validity (in that respect) than the zodiac.

And when I talk about a lack of "validity," I'm not talking about some scientific *technicality*. I'm saying those type groupings have no more *correspondence with reality* than the zodiac.
As further explained in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/) there's really no such thing as *dom-tert loops*.&gt; most of the evidence points towards there being no correlation

Say what?

I suggest you take a look at [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)
*dominate* = verb

*dominant* = adjectiveLike the MBTI dimensions themselves, it's *multifaceted*.&gt; Ok, cool--I would love to see those data.

That's great, since you're woefully misinformed. See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.All four of the IN types are majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

If you're interested, you can find some further discussion (including Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats) in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)
IFPs.Would it surprise you to hear that, contrary to all-too-popular belief, INTPs and ESFJs actually have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common*? To frame it in seasonal terms, the "tertiary Si" of an INTP is no more or less real than the Easter bunny. 

If you're open to bucking all-too-popular beliefs, especially if they seem kinda goofy, check out [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) — which also includes a link to a 10-post series with a lot of non-goofy (reality-based) how-to-type-yourself input.
They don't, actually — as further discussed [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)You're actually wrong about the scientific status of the (dichotomy-based) MBTI, and if you're interested, you can read more about that in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.

But you're right about the functions. The dichotomies are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks, the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

And in particular, the Harold Grant function stack (the one that says INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe), besides being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function model has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

If you're interested in a longer discussion of the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find it in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.
It sounds like you can't have read the comment (and linked PerC post) that I've already linked you to.

[Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/) another link.

The respectable (dichotomy-centric) districts of the MBTI are in the same psychometric category as the Big Five, and have decades of data in support of their reliability and validity.
Here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.
You have things entirely backwards.

Believe it or not, the dichotomies are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. And believe it or not, INTPs and ESFJs actually have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common*.

And FYI, the notion that INTPs and ESFJs are *cognitive cousins* comes from a specific function model that is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks because — unlike the psychometrically-respectable aspects of the MBTI — the notion that an INTP has "tertiary Si" (for example) is pure Foreresque nonsense.

For a lot more explanation, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the Typology Central post that it links to.
I'm afraid you remain misinformed.

As explained at some length in the linked posts — and don't miss the spoiler in [this TC post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) if you want to understand what Myers *really* did (notwithstanding quite a lot of Jungian lip service) to Jung's cognitive functions — Myers started from Jung but put him to the test, and went where the data took her, and where the data took her was a typology that was very much (and remains, if you're talking about its respectable districts) centered around the dichotomies.

You say you don't see how the Harold Grant function stack is inconsistent with Jung and Myers, but as explained at length [here,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) Jung's function stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe. And Myers' stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ne-Se-Fe — and that remains the official MBTI stack today, although the MBTI Manual acknowledges that Harold Grant disagreed.

It may also interest you to know that, although Myers very much understood that *dichotomy combinations* were associated with noteworthy aspects of personality, and the 1985 MBTI Manual (which she co-authored) included a brief description corresponding to each of the 24 possible two-letter combinations, Myers also understood — despite (as I've noted) some lip service to Jung — that there was really nothing all that special about the combinations that are purportedly associated with the "cognitive functions." In fact, Myers thought of NF/NT/SF/ST as the most significant dichotomy combinations, and wrote that INTPs have more in common with the three other NT types than they have with ISTPs (purportedly their fellow "Ti-doms") — and it's worth emphasizing (1) that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*, and what's more, (2) that that NT foursome includes two pairs who, according to the HaroldGrantians, have *no functions in common*. 

So... although Myers certainly didn't *omit* the combinations — e.g., SJ (Si) and TJ (Te) for an ISTJ — that supposedly correspond to the functions, she hardly treated them as if they were the exclusive (or even the main) contributors to the MBTI-related aspects of someone's personality.

You're missing the main point if you think that what I'm telling you is that you should change your MBTI framing from the Harold Grant function stack to *a different function stack*.

The appropriate way to frame what an INFP, INFJ and ESTJ are about is what I call the Real MBTI Model, and it looks like this:

INFJ = I + N + F + J + IN + IF + IJ + NF + NJ + FJ + INF + INJ + IFJ + NFJ + INFJ.

INFP = I + N + F + P + IN + IF + IP + NF + NP + FP + INF + INP + IFP + NFP + INFP.

ESTJ = E + S + T + J + ES + ET + EJ + ST + SJ + TJ + EST + ESJ + ETJ + STJ + ESTJ.

So... do INFJs and INFPs have a lot of MBTI-related aspects of personality in common? Yes, they do.

And do INFPs and ESTJs have a lot of MBTI-related aspects of personality in common? No, actually — INFPs and ESTJs have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common*.

And should you treat an INFP's NP combination as if it's more important than their NF combination? No, and as previously noted, Myers considered the NF combination more consequential.

The notion that the most important MBTI-related aspects of an INFP's personality are best framed as Fi-Ne-Si-Te is off in many ways — but the appropriate correction isn't a switch to some other four-function stack.
The best "official sources" on the MBTI are *Gifts Differing* (Myers' book) and the 1985 and 1998 MBTI Manuals.

The Myers perspectives I've described are reflected in both *Gifts Differing* and the 1985 Manual, which she co-authored and which (as previously noted) included a brief description corresponding to each of the 24 possible two-letter combinations.

A 25-page section of the latest (1998) edition of the MBTI Step I Manual devotes a section to every two-letter combination, with both a description of the personality characteristics that people with both preferences tend to exhibit, and also (in most cases) a research roundup of noteworthy correlations with that combination.

I don't know of any online copies of those books that I can link to, unfortunately.
Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)

If you really hate to be "that guy," then you should take a few minutes and [educate yourself.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/)Here's the message Norton Internet Security gave me when I clicked on your test link:

&gt;**Dangerous Web Page Blocked**

&gt;You attempted to access:  
&gt;http://personality-test.my.to/

&gt;This is a known dangerous web page. It is highly recommended that you do NOT visit this page.Here's a table of [Estimated Frequencies of the Types in the U.S.](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) that also includes separate male and female frequencies.

And here's a [second table (with some supplemental breakdowns)](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp).

And here's a [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) with separate male and female percentages for the individual types and some discussion about possible skews in the samples they've used.

According to the second page, these statistics are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."
Jung's function stack for what he viewed as a typical Ti-dom with an N-aux (for example) was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe.

If you're interested, you can find a long discussion of that (with quite a few Jung quotes) [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)You're still mixed up about the tert. Jung envisioned that it would start out unconscious (with the "unconscious attitude" — i.e., the opposite attitude to the dom), and remain one of the two "unconscious functions," except in rare cases where someone differentiated the tert sufficiently that it became, in effect, a second aux to the dom.

I've never encountered any respectable source that claimed that *Jung* believed that the tert either started out with the conscious attitude, or ended up that way (in the typical case).&gt; Seriously though, I'm just explaining the naming convention. Jungian Psychology and Type Dynamics are a cornerstone of MBTI. They are the mechanics for what names like, "ISTP," or, "ENFJ," actually mean. Everything else is stereotypes. :p

Not. Even. Close.

Just for starters, the specific function stack you've described in a follow-up comment (the forum-famous Harold Grant stack) is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

What's more, the cognitive functions themselves have been well characterized — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — as a "category mistake."

Just in case you're open to some reality-based deprogramming from another one of those annoying "Te" folks, you'll find a lot more discussion of these issues in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.

Yes indeed. I'd be "reckful" here, too, but that name was already taken when I arrived.I didn't say the official MBTI folks had disowned all aspects of type dynamics, although I suspect they'll get there eventually.

But the Grant function stack, and its accompanying "tandems," is inconsistent with both Myers (and Jung) and the official MBTI.&gt;I've wanted to ask ever since reading your post: When compared to an ENTJ, who is more similar, the ENTP, ENFJ, ESTJ, or INTJ?

I don't have a definite view on that. Myers and Keirsey had different perspectives on a number of things, but they saw eye-to-eye on the notion that S/N was the most consequential dichotomy, and I'm inclined to agree with that. So I'd say ENTJs probably have more in common with INTJs, ENFJs and ENTPs than they do with ESTJs.

But as for which of those first three types ENTJs have the most in common with, I think that's a tougher question. For the moment, and reserving the right to change my mind next month, I think I'm inclined to go with ENTPs. Which is not to say that a strong-J ENTJ and a strong-P ENTP aren't likely to exhibit quite a lot of type-related differences.

When it comes to two-dichotomy foursomes, I'm of the view that Keirsey's famous NF/NT/SJ/SP groupings are a somewhat arbitrary carve-up of the types — and for what it's worth, Myers thought the most fundamental foursome was NF/NT/SF/ST. If you're interested in some more discussion of Keirsey's foursome, and of a leetle correlational study I performed (using a large MBTI data pool) that suggests that Myers may have been onto something with her NF/NT/SF/ST foursome — and of why, contrary to both Keirsey and Myers, I tend to think of the INs as my peeps — see this two-part reddit comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q4z6/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q87d/)

&gt;And what are the fundamental differences between an ENTJ and ENFJ -- especially, between EF and ET as types go?

If you're interested, you can find a lot of what I have to say about F vs. T in these three Typology Central posts (part of a 10-post series):

[post one](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699952.html#post2699952)  
[post two](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699956.html#post2699956)  
[post three](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699957.html#post2699957)  

As discussed at longwinded length in another post that I call "T/F's a mess" (linked in the first of the above three posts), I think T/F is probably the messiest of the four MBTI dimensions, in part because of its entanglement with gender.&gt;Googling this will give you a much more comprehensive overview.

Well, with all due respect, it doesn't seem to have helped you all that much.

Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)
&gt; Which means the likelyhood of sharing all 4 letters, as in the same type, is actually fairly low; and more often than not Twins do not share the same type.
&gt; 
&gt; So piss off.

Well, if you interpret the OP to be asking if one can be *reasonably certain* that a pair of identical twins will be the *exact same four-letter type*, then a "no" answer would be technically appropriate, although I'd still say your reply was somewhat misleading in that regard.

If, on the other hand, you interpret the OP to be asking if MBTI preferences tend to be substantially hardwired at birth, albeit potentially subject to other influences — which, jaw-droppingly, barely seem to include *nurture* at all, if by "nurture" you mean *parental influence* — then the answer is that yes, as both Jung and Myers suspected, the personality clusters that the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into appear to be substantially hardwired at birth, and have a tendency to be relatively stable through life.

As noted in one of the articles quoted in my linked comment (the 2015 review of 50 years of twin studies):

&gt;Studies examining identical twins separated at birth and reared apart have repeatedly revealed (in shocking ways) the same thing: these individuals are remarkably similar when in fact they should be utterly different (they have completely different environments, but the same genes). Alternatively, non-biologically related adopted children (who have no genetic commonalities) raised together are utterly dissimilar to each other—despite in many cases having decades of exposure to the same parents and home environments. 

Your summary response to the OP's question was "no, they don't," which led me to wonder if you'd misunderstood the passage you quoted, and which was the reason I found your reply (as I said) "somewhat misleading."

It's actually reasonably likely that two identical twins will have the same MBTI type, and much more likely than for two non-twin siblings.&gt; the official MBTI, soon after first creation, abandoned functions.

Thanks for the namecheck, but that somewhat overstates the case.

Anyone interested in why I think the forum-famous eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" have been appropriately characterized (as part of a series of articles in the official MBTI journal) as a "category mistake" can find an introduction to what I call the Real MBTI Model in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.

Both the 1985 and 1998 "Step I" MBTI Manuals talk about dominant and auxiliary functions in the theory sections, although the majority of both Manuals is dichotomy-centric rather than function-centric. The 1985 Manual didn't even include descriptions of the *eight* functions. The "functions" described in most official MBTI materials have always been the *four* functions, rather than the eight — with the added note (as in *Gifts Differing*) that INTJs (for example) prefer to use N "in their inner worlds" and T "in the outer world."

As one example, the 17-page report that an ENFJ (for example) receives after taking the relatively recent MBTI *Step II* test includes page after page of dichotomy-based analysis (including five separate subscales for each of the four dichotomies) and not a single mention of "extraverted feeling" or "introverted intuition" — other than a diagram near the end that shows that "ENFJs like Feeling best, Intuition next, Sensing third and Thinking least," and one brief note about tending to use Feeling in the "outer world" and Intuition in the "inner world." *All the rest* of the ENFJ descriptions in the report — after the brief initial profile, which isn't broken down by components — are descriptions of N (not Ni or Ne), F (not Fi or Fe) and so on, and they're the *same descriptions* of N and F (and the five subscales of each) that ENFPs receive in their reports (notwithstanding the fact that ENFJs are supposedly Fe-Ni and ENFPs are supposedly Ne-Fi).

For more on the MBTI's dichotomy-centric history, see the spoiler in [this TC post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709)
&gt; Carl Jung actually invented the majority of the function stack based on his years of experience treating patients. And Myerrs clarified Jung's ambiguous middle functions. You know, Carl Jung, the genius psychologist. But of course, you have to claim it's Harold Grant, because most people have never heard of him, so you can trash him freely.

The eight "cognitive functions" used by modern MBTI theorists — including the HaroldGrantians — are different from Jung's in many respects, sometimes dramatically so. As one example ("Si"), see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/)

And the Harold Grant function stack is emphatically non-Jungian. As explained at length [here,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) Jung's function stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe.

Both those linked posts have lots of quotes from your genius pal Jung for you to enjoy.

In any case, it makes little sense for anyone to subscribe to an INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe stack, and/or modern function descriptions (the ones jerry-rigged to match their supposedly-associated MBTI types), *because Jung was a genius.*

Myers started from Jung (for the most part), but put him to the test, and went where the data took her — and where the data took her was a typology that was very much (and remains, if you're talking about its respectable districts) centered around the dichotomies. If you're interested, you're invited to read more about what deserves to be called the Real MBTI Model in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
&gt; Jung's only given function stack for a Ti-dom was Ti-Ne-Se-Fe, which he implied otherwise elsewhere. I am not fooled by your lies and false facts. I actually know the subject matter. If you cannot be factual and honest, I have no reason to talk to you.
&gt; 
&gt; Nor am I interested in your narcissistic citations of yourself.

The reason I link to my longform posts isn't *narcissism*, as I suspect you know. It's to avoid repeating all the same paragraphs over and over in multiple threads, when it's easy to click on a link.

If you ever see fit to click on those links, you may learn some things — including how silly it is for anyone to assert that "Jung's only given function stack for a Ti-dom was Ti-Ne-Se-Fe.".
&gt; Right here, black and white, clear as crystal:
&gt; 
&gt; "The relatively unconscious functions of feeling, intuition, and sensation, which counterbalance introverted thinking, are inferior in quality and have a primitive, extraverted character, to which all the troublesome objective influences this type is subject to must be ascribed." - Psychological types, chapter 10, by Carl Jung.
&gt; 
&gt; You revolt me with your lies.

Sorry to "revolt" you, but that post of mine you keep refusing to read *includes* that quote (among others), and explains why the only interpretation of it that reconciles it with Jung's other relevant statements in a reasonably supportable way leads to the conclusion that Jung believed that it was all but "invariably" the case that a typical one of his types would have *differentiated* his auxiliary function to a degree that it became one of two "conscious functions" (contrary to the default "unconscious" state described in your quote), and accordingly taken on the "conscious attitude" (i.e., the same attitude as the dom).

An extravert is extraverted in his *judgments and perceptions both*, Jung told us. He wasn't a believer in dom/aux pairs that looked like Te/Ni and Ti/Ne.

It's all there (with more quotes) in [that linked post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) for anyone who's interested.
&gt; It outlines your personal opinion of Jung. Who you don't even like. 

I "don't even like" Jung? Do tell.

Here's some recycled reddshoes for you (and you don't even need to click on a link!):

&gt;I think my history with personality types is pretty unusual in the sense that I actually stumbled onto *Psychological Types* before I'd ever heard of the MBTI. And it blew me away! As you know, I think there's no doubt Jung was a neurotic (in Big Five terms) IN, and probably a J (in MBTI terms) — and a T as well, if you assume he typed himself correctly on that dimension (although I think F's a possibility). So... a lot like me (and you) in temperament terms. And he wrote the book when he was in his 40s, at which point he'd spent many years being struck by the spectacular variety of respects in which it seemed to him that there were *two kinds of people in the world*. Prior to *Psychological Types*, his writings on personality had mostly focused on the extraversion/introversion divide, and he confessed at the start of *Psychological Types* that he'd only recently figured out that T/F wasn't just a subfacet of I/E. (That is, he'd thought all introverts were T's and all extraverts were F's.)
&gt;
&gt;And as I've noted elsewhere, at the time he published *Psychological Types* Jung was still including a large part of what we now think of as the MBTI S/N dimension in his broad notion of what extraversion and introversion involved. He viewed abstract thinking as one of the core aspects of introversion, and said that extraverts — ES's and EN's both — tended to be relatively poor abstract thinkers because their extraversion kept them too thoroughly immersed in the "concretistic" world of physical facts.
&gt;
&gt;And I'd say the misplaced S/N stuff didn't even make up the majority of the personality characteristics that Jung wrongly bundled into his overinclusive descriptions of extraversion and introversion. ...
&gt;
&gt;So gosh, reckful, I can imagine someone wondering... if Jung did such a half-baked job slotting personality characteristics in the appropriate categories, then why did *Psychological Types* blow you away, and why do you still consider it worth a read by anybody who considers themselves an MBTI junkie?
&gt;
&gt;And maybe the biggest single reason *Psychological Types* blew me away when I first read it is that, as already noted, I'd say my temperament is very similar to Jung's, with the result that, in passage after passage after passage where Jung said *introverts* are like *this* (and experience the world this way) and *extraverts* are like *that*, I was sitting there going, yes, holy fuck, *that's me*... and that's those other people who make me shake my head — and I'd never really seen the forest for the trees in quite those ways before, and I'd never thought of that stuff as being *hard-wired* in the way Jung suggested it was.
&gt;
&gt;And, to a substantially greater degree than most psychologists who write about personality — certainly much more than Myers — I'd say Jung had what you might call a novelist's gift for really capturing the personality characteristics he wrote about in rich, vivid terms. ...
&gt;
&gt;Anyway, my point is that Mr. Jung, in doing the best job (and by a long shot, as far as I know) that anybody up until 1921 had ever done in gathering together, and vividly describing, many of those hard-wired personality characteristics, gave the world a very valuable book, notwithstanding the fact that he made quite a few mistakes — and, in particular, mistakes relating to the grouping of the characteristics into type categories. Briggs and Myers later did an admirable job of (mostly) separating the Jungian wheat from the chaff, and they had quite a few insights that went beyond Jung — and they did a much better job than Jung (based on statistical analysis of thousands of MBTI tests) of grouping the characteristics in the right clusters. But, although I think Myers was somewhat disingenuously modest about the extent to which her typology improved on Jung, I don't think there's any good reason to doubt that the MBTI as we know it today would either never have existed or been a much more limited typology if Jung hadn't written *Psychological Types*.

Not only are you very much on the right track, but you're in relatively good company, and that company includes... well, OK, me, but also a fellow named James Reynierse, who's written a series of articles in the official MBTI journal in which he's characterized those eight forum-famous, faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" as a "category mistake."

For more, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
&gt; that's literally what a function is retard

Say what?

If the E/I, S/N, T/F and J/P dimensions are the real underlying components of MBTI type — crafted by evolution for reasons we may never fully understand — and what are typically described as the "cognitive functions" are really just second-order effects of several of the possible combinations, then that's a very different perspective from a function-centric model that says that what an INTP's psyche is about is, first and foremost, Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, and the "letter" preferences are more superficial indicators that need to be *decoded* to lead you to what's really going on underneath.

A dichotomy-centric perspective recognizes that an INTP isn't necessarily more of a TP (*aka* "Ti") type than an NT type — and in fact, it was Myers' view that the S/N and T/F preferences made up the most consequential combination. And it's worth noting that those Myersian NF/NT/SF/ST pairs represent a carve-up of the types where each group is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the eight functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

As between the OP and your simplemindedly dismissive reply, there's no question in my mind which one is better characterized as "retarded."
I'm sorry, but you're simply uninformed on this issue.

It's true that anybody can come up with a set of *arbitrary* personality dimensions, but if they have no underlying neurological basis, then *identical twins raised in separate households* are not going to be substantially more alike on those dimensions than less-genetically-related pairs.

For the MBTI's status in that department — which (I should add) is the same as the Big Five's, since, as the leading Big Five psychologists long ago acknowledged, the MBTI is effectively tapping into four of the Big Five — see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)
&gt; Daddy says when I grow up I'll be just like him!

Actually, not only did Isabel Myers develop an instrument that typed people on four of the Big Five dimensions, but her instrument did so with a degree of psychometric reliability and validity that caused the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa) to approvingly point to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" (i.e., the decades of MBTI studies that already existed by 1990), and to suggest that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

And one of the biggest reasons for that recommendation was that there was no correspondingly "extensive" body of Big Five "literature" at that time, because Myers had started effectively measuring those four dimensions (and conducting studies) around twenty years before there really was a big five.

"Daddy" my ass.

And in case somebody's led you to think that, well, OK, Myers may have gotten there first, but the leading Big Five tests are way ahead of the MBTI *today*, that's really not the case.

If you're interested in getting straightened out on that issue — not to mention several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — you can read more about the scientific respectability of the MBTI in [this long PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that concluded that the MBTI's psychometrics put it "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests, and summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.


&gt; You're just typing without addressing any of my actual concerns. Instead you're arguing with an illusion of me you've made up in your brain.

Pardon me, RealFierySignet, but this is a public thread, not a private exchange. You may be almost as dismissive of the Big Five as you are of the MBTI, but your "Daddy" comment pointed to a common misunderstanding among MBTI forumites that the MBTI is in a very different category than the Big Five from a psychometric (and/or otherwise "scientific") standpoint — hasn't "grown up" yet, in your words — so you're hardly in a position to complain if I offered my take on that issue, whether it interested you or not.

Other readers are free to judge whether what I replied to was just an "illusion" I "made up in my brain."

Yeah, baby. If you've ever been in a relationship with an INFP, you pretty much know what to expect from an ESTJ.

Same with INTJs and ESFPs.

What would we do without the quadras?Here's my transcription of 1:21:33 thru 1:22:48 of the video:

&gt;Do I have any thoughts on the Myers-Briggs personality test? Yes. It's old. It isn't psychometrically valid. It wasn't derived by factor-analytic techniques. It should be replaced by the Big Five, or the Big Five Aspects Scale, which you can use if you go to understandmyself.com. We've put it online for people to use and to generate a personality report.
&gt;
&gt;Myers and Briggs attempted to make a questionnaire predicated on Jungian presuppositions, and perhaps they did a fine job for the 1930s. But that was a long time ago, and there weren't any powerful computational devices of the kind that were necessary to sort out the structure of personality properly, which we've managed to do since about 1960 onward.
&gt;
&gt;So, now, the Myers-Briggs is a perfectly useful tool if what you want to do is get people to talk about the fact that there are individual differences in personality. And corporations love it because no one gets offended by it, because everyone wins. But if you want a personality test that actually tells you who you are, that's valid and reliable, then you use the Big Five. And that's that.
&gt;
&gt;And so I would say that the Myers-Briggs should be relegated to the dustbins of the past, because it's a defunct and archaic instrument, and it's no longer properly valid. And so that's that.

But I'd urge anyone to click on the link and actually watch Mr. Peterson, assuming you're interested in spending a minute and 15 seconds of your life looking at the face of a fatuous blowhard whose intellectual integrity is in the toilet.

And in case anybody's interested in the facts, the first MBTI Manual was published in 1962, along with Form F of the MBTI, which reflected years of development (assisted by the Educational Testing Service) using modern psychometric techniques. And it's been updated several times since, and the latest version (Form M) was published in 1998.

McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists (authors of the NEO-PI-R), and here's [their description](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) of how Myers got from Jung to the MBTI:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

That same 1990 review of the MBTI, in addition to finding the MBTI psychometrically respectable, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" (i.e., the decades of MBTI studies that already existed at that time), and suggested that Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

As for how the Big Five and MBTI *compare* in the validity and reliability departments, [here's a 2003 article](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that discusses both (1) a meta-review of existing MBTI studies, and (2) the authors' own 11,000-subject study, on the basis of which they conclude that the MBTI is psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests.

Want moar? Here are the two official MBTI sources backing up the validity and reliability of the MBTI typology in its Step I and Step II incarnations:

Step I: [MBTI Form M Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_FormM_Supp.pdf)   
Step II: [MBTI Step II Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_StepII_Man_Supp.pdf)

**tl;dr:** Jordan Peterson failed to do his homework, and Jordan Peterson should be ashamed of himself.
&gt; Lets be honest -- MBTI has piss poor test-retest reliability and construct validity. Its fun to talk about, but not very fun if you're a scientist trying to find the needle of truth in the haystack of random noise

The psychometrics (validity and reliability both) of the MBTI put it essentially "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests, and you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI —  in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/67y4rv/sci_show_criticises_the_mbti/dgufgkm/), and the l-o-n-g PerC post that it links to.

The most common cause of confusion on the *reliability* issue, in my experience, is that people confuse retest rates on *single dimensions* with retest rates for a complete four-letter type.

For example, I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

It's probably also worth noting that if you assume that most or all of the MBTI and Big Five dimensions exhibit something like a normal distribution, and if you assume (accordingly) that a large portion of the population is in or near the middle on at least one dimension, and if you add to that the *many* potential sources of error in self-assessment personality tests — from the fact that personality type is a relatively young science and psychologists are quite a long ways from nailing down exactly what the temperament dimensions consist of, to flaws in particular tests (including items that tap into more than one dimension), to multiple kinds of misunderstanding and other human error on the part of the individuals taking the test — it would strain credibility if the test-retest statistics for *any* personality typology didn't indicate a significant percentage of cases where *at least one* of the dimensions came out with a different preference on retesting. And *one* letter change is all it takes to constitute an MBTI retest "failure."
"Better supported"? Hardly.

As for "commonly accepted in academia," Harvey discusses the academic bias against the MBTI in that 2003 article I linked to.&gt; I'm sure you've seen this paper? https://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf

You're preaching to the choir in the dichotomies-vs.-functions dept.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
&gt; Isn't it the case that the correlations between MBTI and the Big five exist because MBTI has been gradually changed during the years to resemble the Big five? Compare the older MBTI descriptions to the current ones and you'll find lots of Jungian ideas that aren't part of the current tests.

Not mostly. It's true that the MBTI has been adjusted several times to replace various already-psychometrically-respectable items with items that performed better. But assuming you're talking about somebody with reasonably strong preferences, it's likely they'd come out the same type on each version.

The McCrae &amp; Costa review of the MBTI in 1990 (which concluded that the MBTI was effectively tapping into four of the Big Five dimensions) was based on stats from the version of the MBTI (Form G) that had been in effect since 1977.


It's linked in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)The official MBTI folks have lots of data on which types are most often found (and report being satisfied) in which job categories, and they use their stats to put out a Career Report for each type. Those aren't free, but if you do some googling, you'll find that there are sample versions online for quite a few of the types.

[Here's an official MBTI page](https://www.capt.org/using-type/workplace.htm?bhcp=1) that talks about the career areas that each type tends to gravitate to (and avoid).

Different people define "intelligence" in different ways. But MBTI stats indicate that N is the largest MBTI-related contributor to standard, academic-related aspects of "intelligence" (including IQ) — and by a substantial margin — and that introversion is a significant secondary contributor. There are lots of personality characteristics that more than one of the MBTI (and Big Five) dimensions have an influence on — and depending on what specific kind of intelligence somebody's focusing on, I think it's probably fair to say that three or four of the MBTI dimensions can potentially end up coming into play.

Tables 11.5 and 11.6 of the 1998 MBTI Manual show the results of two collections of studies, one involving tests of *aptitude* (IQ, SAT, ACT, etc.) and one involving *grades or class standing*. Each collection totals over 21,000 students. The Manual notes: "With only a few exceptions, IN types consistently obtained ranks, as predicted from theory, as the highest four types for both academic aptitude and grades. ... Perceiving types tended to rank higher on aptitude and Judging types on achievement."

Here are the types in rank order from Table 11.5 (16 aptitude samples):

INTP  
INFP  
INTJ  
INFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ  
ISTP  
ISFP  
ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ

And here are the types in rank order from Table 11.6 (15 samples involving grades or class standing):

INTJ  
INFJ  
INTP  
INFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP    
ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ISTP  
ISFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP

Both the aptitude and grades tables are in *perfect order* from the standpoint of a dichotomy-centric explanation that says:

• For aptitude, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, P and T.

• For grades, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, J and T.
You are very much on the right track.

Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and despite an excess of Jungian lip service from Isabel Myers, the fact is that the four dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," are the real, underlying (and substantially genetic) components of your MBTI type. And Myers understood that, based on her years of data-gathering and psychometric analysis.

And Myers also understood that *dichotomy combinations* were associated with many noteworthy aspects of personality, but that there was nothing particularly special about the combinations that are purportedly associated with the eight "functions." In fact, Myers thought of NF/NT/SF/ST as the most significant dichotomy combinations, and believed that INTPs have more in common with the three other NT types than they have with ISTPs (purportedly their fellow "Ti-doms") — and it's worth emphasizing (1) that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*, and what's more, (2) that that NT foursome includes two pairs who, according to the HaroldGrantians, have *no functions in common*.

It may also interest you to hear that the 1985 MBTI Manual included a brief description corresponding to each of the 24 possible two-letter combinations, and that a 25-page section of the latest (1998) edition of the MBTI Step I Manual devotes a section to every two-letter combination, with both a description of the personality characteristics that people with both preferences tend to exhibit, and also (in most cases) a research roundup of noteworthy correlations with that combination.

For more on what I like to call the Real MBTI Model, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
Believe it or not, and contrary to what you've heard, the dichotomy-centric MBTI — what I call the Real MBTI Model — is essentially in the same category as the Big Five when it comes to psychometric respectability (reliability and validity).

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/)

But the same can't be said for the supposed "tertiary Si" of an INTP and much of the other "cognitive functions" nonsense that you're likely to encounter on internet forums. For more on why *that* stuff rightly belongs in the "zodiac" category, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
It looks like the type ratios may be based on [this study,](http://psych.wisc.edu/henriques/papers/Sak.pdf) but I assume the IQs on the bottom must be somone's idea of a joke.Right. I think each ratio is too close to being one-half for them to relate to some other data set. They just did the calculations in a way that cut them in half, compared to what you'd expect. (No idea how/why.)Care to explain?Assuming you ignore the IQ numbers along the bottom (which, as I said, look like a joke to me), all that "picture" shows are the gifted-to-normal population ratios for the types, based on (it appears) the data in that study.

Here are the ratios I calculated from that study's data tables when I looked at it several years ago:

INTP 3.4  
INTJ 2.87  
INFP 2.68  
INFJ 2.67  
ENTP 2.32  
ENFP 2.03  
ENTJ 1.49  
ENFJ 1.26  
ISTJ 0.99  
ISTP 0.78  
ESTP 0.49  
ISFJ 0.40  
ISFP 0.40  
ESFP 0.28  
ESTJ 0.26  
ESFJ 0.24

As previously noted, the ratios shown in the picture are very close to half of the ratios I calculated, and I don't know why the picture-producers ended up with a half-magnitude set, but it seems impossible to me that they were working from some *other* MBTI/gifted data set than the one in the linked study.

And what your references to "oversheers of the universe" and "melancholic geniouses" have to do with any of that is a mystery to me.
In developing the Myers-Briggs typology, Myers departed from Jung in many ways, both large and small, and it's pretty common to encounter forum posters with the perspective that the MBTI, to the extent that it departs from Jung, mostly represents an oversimplified dumbing-down of Jung and/or a misunderstanding of Jung. But on the contrary, the MBTI owes much of its spectacular success to the fact that the great majority of Briggs' and Myers' additions, corrections and other changes were improvements — including appropriate *expansions* — to Jung's original conceptions of the types.

There's certainly no denying that one of the results of Myers' changes to Jung is that each of her 16 type descriptions differs (to varying degrees) from Jung's description of the cognitive function (and function-dom) that purportedly corresponds to that type. And if I wanted to pick a single cognitive function where Myers' conception of the corresponding types departed the most from Jung, I'm pretty sure I'd pick *introverted sensation*.

And the fact that Jung characterized Si the way he did, combined with the fact that Myers and virtually all other MBTI theorists who pay any attention to the functions associate Si with MBTI SJs, is the reason why modern descriptions of Si — whether you're looking at dichotomy-centric sources or function-centric sources — bear little resemblance to Jung's "Si" descriptions, and are more like the *opposite* of Jung's descriptions in many ways.

As Jung saw it, Si-doms were awkward, touchy eccentrics, detached from reality, who inhabited "a mythological world, where men, animals, railways, houses, rivers, and mountains appear partly as benevolent deities and partly as malevolent demons." In describing what he referred to as "the reality-alienating subjectivity of this type," Jung said that an Si-dom "has an illusory conception of reality," and that the relation between the actual physical world and the Si-dom's perceptions of it is "unpredictable and arbitrary."

By contrast, Myers portrayed IS_Js as among the most down-to-earth and realistic of all the types. She called them the "most practical of the introvert types," and said "they have a complete, realistic, practical respect both for the facts and for whatever responsibilities these facts create. Sensing provides the facts, and after the introverts' characteristic pause for reflection, their judgment accepts the responsibilities."

And when it comes to Si, virtually all the more well-known function-centric theorists are on board with Myers' radical revamp of Jung's original concept.

Lenore Thomson notes that Sensation gives *all* S-doms "an appreciation for objective facts and circumstances, as perceived by the senses, [and] excellent powers of observation." She says Si-doms "count on established facts and concrete results" and particularly excel at "accumulat[ing] information — names, dates, numbers, statistics, references, guidelines, and so forth" — and that Si "prompts [them] to reconcile [their] new impressions with the ones [they've] already stored."

Linda Berens and Dario Nardi also describe Si-doms in ways that are essentially consistent with Myers and inconsistent with Jung. Berens explains that sensing — for Se-doms and Si-doms both — "is a process of becoming aware of sensory information and often involves responding to that sensory information without any judgment or evaluation of it. ... In the Sensing process, the focus is on the actual experience, the facts and the data."

Similarly, Naomi Quenk explains: "Introverted sensing types are careful and orderly in their attention to facts and details. ... They are typically seen as well grounded in reality, trustworthy, and dedicated to preserving traditional values and time-honored institutions. With their focus on the reality of the present, they trust the evidence of their senses, and rely on carefully accumuated past and present evidence to support their conclusions and planned courses of action. ... They tend to take a skeptical, critical attitude to information that has not been verified by the senses and are likely to distrust people who are careless about facts, sloppy about details, and favor imagination and novelty over accuracy and solid substantiation."

Again, Quenk's Si-doms are basically Myers' IS_Js. In terms of the relationship of an Si-dom to sensory data and reality in general, Quenk's conception of introverted sensation — like Myers' and Thomson's and Berens' and Nardi's — comes closer to resembling the *opposite* of Jung's Si-dom than matching Jung's conception.

For a longer discussion, with more Jung quotes, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/)
This is a public thread, Lastrevio, in a forum for people interested in the MBTI.

Whatever your intent may have been in posting that OP, it's not unreasonable to think that a significant number of its possible readers would read it for (supposed) insight into what MBTI SJs are like, since they're the main "Si" types under almost all the models commonly discussed at MBTI-related forums. [ADDED: And it's worth noting that your OP also makes this connection, referring to several SJ types and discussing how you think that "Si" stuff applies to them.]

And my comment could certainly be "relevant" to those readers, on that issue, whether you consider it "relevant" to you or not.
&gt; And if you'd also read the part about the auxiliary function you'd know Jung talked about perfect types in his descriptions, the "pure archetypes" that you almost never purely find in real life, instead they are always shaped by auxiliary functions of some sort, and right in the Ni description it says that the description above the quote that I quoted is almost never present in real life.

One of the canards that pops up from time to time in internet forum posts is the one that says that Jung's type descriptions in Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types* were "extreme" (or otherwise unusual) portraits that wouldn't much resemble typical people of the applicable type. And really, when you think about it, WTF sense would that have made? Jung spent most of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he saw as common to *all introverts* and *all extraverts*. Chapter 10 is the *only* place where he gave us anything like in-depth descriptions of his eight functions. Why on earth would he not have described what he viewed as the more or less *typical* characteristics of his types?

And he did. There's certainly some inconsistency among the portraits in terms of the ratio of the more ordinary stuff and the here's-what-happens-when-they-get-neurotic stuff. But his general approach in those eight portraits is to *first* describe the more-or-less ordinary version of the type — which means what the type is like when the unconscious is supplying enough ordinary day-to-day "compensation" to prevent the person from becoming too "one-sided" — and then to go on to describe the *neurotic* version of the type that results if the unconscious functions are overly suppressed and end up wreaking havoc.

In my experience, the notion that Chapter 10 only described extreme (or otherwise unusual) versions of the types is most often encountered in the posts of Jung defenders who don't want to own up to the fact that Jung actually got quite a bit *wrong* in coming up with his typological concepts — and who therefore brush off some of the more cartoonish stuff in Chapter 10 by saying, oh, well, you know, Chapter 10 isn't really about what the functions are like in *normal* people.

The Jung passage that such defenders most often point to is this one:

&gt;In the foregoing descriptions I have no desire to give my readers the impression that these types occur at all frequently in such pure form in actual life. They are, as it were, only Galtonesque family portraits, which **single out the common and therefore typical features, stressing them disproportionately, while the individual features are just as disproportionately effaced**. Closer investigation shows with great regularity that, besides the most differentiated function, another, less differentiated function of secondary importance [— i.e., the auxiliary function —] is invariably present in consciousness and exerts a co-determining influence.

What Jung is saying in this passage is that his eight portraits are artifically "pure" portraits in the sense of leaving out the "individual features" that tend to distinguish, say, one Si-dom from another Si-dom —and, most notably, an Si-dom with a T-aux from an Si-dom with an F-aux. (It's important to remember that the sentence about the "pure form" was at the start of the paragraph where Jung introduces the reader to the auxiliary function.)

When it comes to the characteristics that derive from Si (for example), and will therefore tend to found in Si-doms generally, Jung says that his portraits concentrate on "the common and therefore typical features" of the type. So it makes no sense to claim that the features Jung described as "common" and "typical" were features he thought would only show up in rare cases.

The term "Galtonesque family portraits" is a reference to Francis Galton, often referred to as the "father of psychometrics," and that's consistent with the idea that Jung's portraits were primarily intended to reflect the personality characteristics that were statistically the most likely to be found in people with that type.

As a final clarification with respect to the relationship between the "purity" Jung is referring to and the auxiliary function, please note that there's a big difference between saying (1) that Jung's *portraits* are artificially "pure" in the sense of omitting the features that would vary depending on *which* auxiliary function someone had, and (2) that the *people* Jung is describing are the "pure" people who *don't have an auxiliary function*. Jung makes it clear that he thought it was overwhelmingly *typical* to have an auxiliary function — and in fact, he went so far as to say that an auxiliary function is "invariably present in consciousness." So... there's no way Jung would have described Si characteristics that were only present in some rare no-auxiliary-function subset of Si-doms as characteristics that were the "common and therefore typical" features of the type.
The eight "types" Jung described in Chapter 10 are four subtypes of introvert and four subtypes of extravert, and the chapter is organized accordingly.

And Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted — and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

So... it seems pretty clear that, as far as Jung was concerned, if you were one of those essentially "undifferentiated" people, and weren't appropriately classified as either an introvert or an extravert, then the descriptions in Chapter 10 would (at least mostly) not apply to you.
In Jung's (partial) defense, I'd say we can be pretty confident that the people he was looking at when he said, "Aha! There's another Si-dom" were *not* people who would have been typed as MBTI ISJs.

Among the changes Myers made to Jung's original concepts was moving concrete/abstract from the E/I dimension to the S/N dimension. And that was the right (reality-based) thing to do, because in putting Jung to the (psychometric) test, Myers discovered that there were abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs),  and that that there was *no significant correlation at all* between Myers' (statistically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N.

Buuut for reasons beyond the scope of this comment, Myers chose to (at least purport to) match Jung's eight functions to the MBTI types, and Si (albeit in a radically revamped version) ended up being "matched" to the MBTI SJs — even though (among other complications) Jung's Si-doms were way out there in the abstract ether (which Jung ascribed to their introverted orientation) and MBTI ISJs are very much grounded in the real world.
If forced to choose, I'd go with INP.Choose a modern MBTI type most likely to be the type of somebody Jung was looking at when he said, "Aha! There's another one of those Si-doms."For more on how Jung's functions (and stacks) do and don't relate to MBTI types, see the spoiler in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/567730-dominant-function-groups-post18143018.html#post18143018)

Buuut more importantly, to understand why you shouldn't be using *anybody's* purported "function stack" to type yourself, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
&gt; Sure, but they also changed from cognitive to just social introversion/extraversion.

That's not really true. MBTI introversion is multi-faceted, as was Jung's. And Jung's introversion included a large social component.
For more on all that, see this two-part comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

Assuming you want a description that does a reasonably good job of matching up with typical MBTI SJs, the modern descriptions are an "improvement" because they do, and Jung's don't.ISFPs artistic? Not so much.

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/57k0wp/which_functions_or_order_of_functions_do_you/d8ssn3c/)Make sure it has loops. Loops are the bestest.Just so you know, the notion that INTJs have "tertiary Fi" comes from the Harold Grant function stack — which is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. (More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/))

MBTI J/P is tapping into the same real (substantially genetic) underlying personality dimension as Big Five Conscientiousness, and one of the six facets of Conscientiousness in the leading version of the Big Five (the NEO-PI-R) is Dutifulness.

The NEO-PI-R Manual explains:

&gt;In one sense, conscientiousness means "governed by conscience," and that aspect of C is assessed as Dutifulness. High scorers on this scale adhere strictly to their ethical principles and scrupulously fulfill their moral obligations. Low scorers are more casual about such matters and may be somewhat undependable or unreliable. 

So... it's reasonable to expect the average INTJ to be more morally scrupulous than the average INTP, but the reality-based explanation for that is that it's associated with the INTJ's J preference, not the INTJ's imaginary "Fi."

&gt;(Yes, I know they have no functions in common.)

If you've been led astray by the myth that ENFJs and ENFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an ENFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961) ENFJs and ENFPs have a lot of type-related things in common, and are arguably more like each other than either is to any other type — and that view is consistent with both Jung's and Myers' perspectives.

Jung thought the function stacks of an Fe-dom with an N-aux and an Ne-dom with an F-aux were Fe-Ne-Si-Ti and Ne-Fe-Ti-Si, respectively — so the *same four functions*, albeit in a somewhat different order. And Myers thought the type groupings with the most in common were the NFs, NTs, SFs and STs.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

Just based on your OP, I'd lean ENFJ for you. And FYI, the notion that an ENFJ is a follow-the-herd type who bases her values on "what others feel is right" (as you put it) is more a property of bad "Fe" descriptions than real-life ENFJs — and the S/N dimension has a substantial influence on whether someone takes a majority-rules approach in the values department. INFJs and ENFJs are both reasonably likely champions of oppressed minorities and progressive (subcultural) reforms.

As a final note, the dichotomies have always been what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse noted as part of a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the so-called "cognitive functions" are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake." And if you're interested, there's more on that issue in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [long Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
You could argue that *Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind* is male-INTJ, female-ENFP.

Joel's definitely a J *compared to Clementine*, and one of the first thing he announces is that he is *not* "impulsive" (unlike her). But on the other hand, I could see someone leaning more INTP for him.

And it's important to remember that there's no particular reason to expect fictional characters to consistently match one of the MBTI types.
By "bad," I meant inaccurate, rather than unflattering.

And I don't recommend using Jung's original descriptions. The modern MBTI reflects quite a few (appropriate) adjustments to Jung.Your OP doesn't really give me a significant lean in either the J or P direction.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And you shouldn't necessarily rule out the middle (INTx) possibility — and if anybody tries to tell you that's impossible (*because functions*), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)
Believe it or not, and contrary to what you may have heard, the dichotomy-centric MBTI — what I call the Real MBTI Model — is essentially in the same category as the Big Five when it comes to psychometric respectability (reliability and validity).

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/)

But the same can't be said for the supposed "tertiary Si" of an INTP and much of the other "cognitive functions" nonsense that you're likely to encounter on internet forums. For more on why *that* stuff rightly belongs in the "astrology" category, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
As Nardi acknowledged in a [December 2017 interview](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/93318-interview-dario-nardi.html) at Typology Central:

&gt;Ultimately, I’ll write Neuroscience of Personality 2.0. **The first edition reported on a pilot study. Truly. I can’t emphasize that enough. I "proved" nothing.** I gave some evidence and ideas for how to go about doing research.
"Te" isn't actually a "cognitive function" that you "use" — but if you mean to refer to people who believe theories should be tested against the facts, to the extent feasible, then yes.

Jung and Myers both believed that, too, and so should you.You've referred to "Ni + Te + Fi + Se == INTJ" as a "translation" of the "Jungian type indicators" to "the Myers-Briggs indicators," so... just in case you're not aware, Ni-Te-Fi-Se isn't "the MBTI." It's the Harold Grant function stack — and on top of the fact that it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has no respectable body of evidence behind it, it has also never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
As explained in that linked comment (and the TC post that it links to), the respectable districts of the MBTI aren't centered around any "function stack."

Myers thought the type foursomes with the most in common were the NFs, NTs, SFs and NTs — and it's worth noting that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

Myers misinterpreted Jung's stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux (for example) to be Ti-Ne-Se-Fe — but Myers (to her credit) didn't really make much use of that model, and in particular, paid virtually no attention to the supposed "tertiary" and "inferior" functions.

Both the 1985 and 1998 "Step I" MBTI Manuals talk about dominant and auxiliary functions in the theory sections, although the majority of both Manuals is dichotomy-centric rather than function-centric. The 1985 Manual didn't even include descriptions of the *eight* functions. The "functions" described in most official MBTI materials have always been the *four* functions, rather than the eight — with the added note (as in *Gifts Differing*) that INTJs (for example) prefer to use N "in their inner worlds" and T "in the outer world."

As one example, the 17-page report that an ENFJ (for example) receives after taking the relatively recent MBTI *Step II* test includes page after page of dichotomy-based analysis (including five separate subscales for each of the four dichotomies) and not a single mention of "extraverted feeling" or "introverted intuition" — other than a diagram near the end that shows that "ENFJs like Feeling best, Intuition next, Sensing third and Thinking least," and one brief note about tending to use Feeling in the "outer world" and Intuition in the "inner world." *All the rest* of the ENFJ descriptions in the report — after the brief initial profile, which isn't broken down by components — are descriptions of N (not Ni or Ne), F (not Fi or Fe) and so on, and they're the *same descriptions* of N and F (and the five subscales of each) that ENFPs receive in their reports (notwithstanding the fact that ENFJs are supposedly Fe-Ni and ENFPs are supposedly Ne-Fi).

For more on the MBTI's dichotomy-centric history, see the spoiler in [this TC post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709)
I've been posting my views on the MBTI for nine years now, at INTJforum, and later PerC, TC, INTPforum and reddit.

"Endurant" is right.

"Troll" is wrong.

And as explained in the linked posts, my perspective is basically Myers' perspective, and the one still reflected today in the respectable districts of the MBTI. It's not some idiosyncratic model I came up with.

Did you leave your intellectual integrity in your other pants today?The problem is that you've bought into a bogus function model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks, and — most important of all — is inconsistent with reality.

See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8p376g/enfp_or_enfj/e08p21t/) and the posts it links to.
&gt; I don’t think so. I would always defer to Jung the master.

*Jung the master*, eh? Well, just so you know, Carl Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them. There's nothing wrong with reading *Psychological Types* if you're interested, and I've read it more than once myself. But you should realize that, although Jung had a lot of insightful things to say about various two-kinds-of-people-in-the-world characteristics that have proven to be psychometrically respectable and have been incorporated into the MBTI, there's a lot that Jung got wrong, too. So anyone who reads *Psychological Types* with an overly reverent attitude is actually being *non-Jungian* in that respect.

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in using scientific methods to the extent possible, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI, and noted — correctly — that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by modern scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung included what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) in his very broad notion of what E/I involved. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (statistically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N. Jung said extraverts tend to subscribe to the mainstream cultural views of their time, while introverts tend to reject mainstream values in favor of their own individualistic choices. But Myers discovered that a typical ISTJ is significantly more likely to be a traditionalist than a typical (more independent-minded) ENTP. Jung said an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that it was the S/N and J/P dimensions that primarily influenced someone's attitude toward change, rather than whether they were introverted or extraverted.

And so on. The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of simplified (and more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.

As a final note, though, and on the subject of scientific respectability: it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

And in particular, the Harold Grant function stack (the one that says INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe), besides being inconsistent with *both* Jung *and* Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function model has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

For more on that issue, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)



&gt;Make a search or something, I dunno, just going along with it personally xD everyone seems to believe it's sorta true, why not just hang onto what most people think here, probably true perhaps

Yeah, how could anybody argue with that?&gt;And then why are people able to use functions so well? If functions weren't true they wouldn't be usable, right?

To the extent that an "Ne" description is made up of things that NPs tend to have in common, and is applied to NPs, why wouldn't people be able to "use" that description in connection with NPs?

That has nothing to do with whether the functions are really a "category mistake" whose validity (to the extent they have validity) is just the piggybacked validity they get from the *real* validity of the corresponding dichotomies.

And if somebody takes that same "Ne" description and applies it to SJs — who have neither an N preference or a P preference — onnaccounta *Harold Grant function stack*, and *tandems*, and all that nonsense, that bogus notion *isn't* "usable" (to use your word), if by "usable" you mean consistent with reality.
&gt;This is true. I just wish that ppl would stop listening to only one source and actually find the ties that bind the multiple views together

The sources in the respectable (reality-based) districts of the MBTI are the ones who understand that INFPs and ESTJs have absolutely *no MBTI-related personality characteristics in common*.

By contrast, many of the sources often pointed to in forum threads like this one are sources that claim that INFPs and ESTJs have a lot of MBTI-related personality characteristics in common, since they're both "Fi/Te types" and "Ne/Si types."

Either INFPs and ESTJs have a lot of MBTI-related stuff in common or they don't. Those two perspectives *conflict dramatically*. There's no possible way to find a "tie" that "binds [those] views together" (as you put it).

Your OP referred to a "dichotomies only" approach, but that's a straw man. What I call the Real MBTI Model — cuz it's the only one that has psychometric *validity* (i.e., actually lines up with reality) — includes not just the dichotomies in isolation, but also the personality characteristics associated with *every possible dichotomy combination*. And that was essentially Myers' model, once you get past the Jungian lip service.

And the Real MBTI Model, properly understood, is actually a *richer and more flexible model* than the function models most often discussed in forum threads — especially if you chop out the parts of those function-based models that have the same level of validity as the zodiac.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
&gt; In other words, someone didn't understand fully Jung's work, took the parts they DID get and turned it into what magazine astrologers did to astrology. Made it simple and overly generalized so more ppl could get it and make it into a pop psychology craze.

Those are "other words" all right. Instead of seeing how fast you can reply to people, maybe think about checking out their links first.

Your OP chides people who've failed to do the necessary "research." Well, as between you and me, I'd say one of us hasn't done a sufficient amount of research — and it isn't me.

Just for starters, you refer to *fully understanding Jung's work*, but the model you're pushing is majorly inconsistent with Jung. Which can be OK, because there's quite a lot that Jung got wrong. But claiming Jung as your authority just reveals your own shortcomings in the "research" department.
&gt; statistics from biased studies.

It's true that the facts (to paraphrase a famous saying) have an undeniably dichotomy-centric "bias."INFs are the types most likely to relate well to Enneagram 4 descriptions, and also the types prone to have the strongest itch to "search for self-identity" (through MBTI analysis and otherwise) — despite Annihilationzh's silly (not to put too fine a point on it) comments to the contrary.

More [here](http://www.9types.com/wwwboard/messages/6231.html) and [here](https://personalityjunkie.com/07/myers-briggs-enneagram-mbti-types-correlations-relationship/).The notion that if you're an "Si type," you're also an "Ne type" — and ditto for the Se/Ni, Fi/Te and Te/Fi pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.
It sounds like you can't have read my already (indirectly) linked [TC post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454)

To the extent that a "Ti" description is made up of things that TPs tend to have in common, and is applied to TPs, why wouldn't it "seem to make sense" and be "anecdotally useful"?

That has nothing to do with whether the functions are really a "category mistake" whose validity (to the extent they have validity) is just the piggybacked validity they get from the real validity of the corresponding dichotomies.

And if somebody takes that same "Ti" description and applies it to FJs — who have neither an T preference nor a P preference — then the only way it will "seem to make sense" is if Forerism comes into play.
Associating Jung's original Fi-dom description with MBTI I_FPs doesn't really make much sense.

For one thing, Jung conflated E/I with concrete/abstract, so Jung's descriptions of introverted types tend to be better matches for INs than IS's.

For another, Jung considered J-doms (including Fi-doms) "rational types," and his "rational type" descriptions are better matches for MBTI J's than MBTI P's.

So if you want to try to match Jung's Fi-dom description with an MBTI type, INFJ makes more sense than I_FP. But the untangling of E/I from concrete/abstract was far from the only correction/expansion/improvement Myers made to Jung's original categories in developing the MBTI (based on modern psychometrics) — so as a general matter, it's not a good idea to expect any of Jung's eight profiles to be a great match for a particular pair of MBTI types.

For more discussion of how Jung's types and MBTI types compare, see the spoiler in [this PerC post.](https://www.personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/567730-dominant-function-groups.html#post18143018)
&gt; So concrete and abstract is predicated off of sensing and intuition more than introversion and extraversion.

As the old saying goes: you're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts. Reasonable people can disagree about whether Jung was right or wrong about various things, and there are plenty of aspects of Jung's writings where reasonable people can disagree about exactly what Jung's views were.

Buuut certain aspects of Jung's writings are clear enough that *what Jung thought* (not whether he was right or wrong) is really more of a *factual* matter than a matter of *opinion*. And [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) — which is *chock full of Jung quotes* — explains why it's really beyond dispute that Jung believed that *abstraction* (in the *fact* vs. *theory* sense) went to the heart of what it meant to be an introvert, and conversely, that being "concretistic" (and correspondingly abstraction-impaired) went to the heart of what it meant to be an extravert.
As I said, there are plenty of issues of *what Jung thought* where "I am right" and "you are wrong" is actually an appropriate characterization, and this is one of them, and if you read through that linked post and think that's wrong, you should go back and read it again.

And the stuff you quoted isn't *inconsistent* with what I've said. Jung thought E/I involved *lots* of things — including "concrete" and "abstract."&gt; It actually has nothing to do with the energy loss. Michael Pierce has a great video on the difference between extroversion versus introversion in Jungian terms. As an ENFP I get really drained by social interaction, especially when I have no idea what to say (which is common).

You say "in Jungian terms" — but Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

Here's Jung on introverts and extraverts:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

For more Jung quotes on extraverts and introverts, see this two-part comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

And that Michael Pierce video is a bad joke, and you can read about why in [this INTPforum post.](https://www.intpforum.com/threads/three-phases-of-differentiation-with-regards-to-ones-personality.23336/#post-503744) 
I'm the author of that INTPforum post, and believe it or not, ESFPs and INTJs really do have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common* — and if you're interested, you can read more about why the so-called "function axes" are bogus in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long TC post that it links to.The Harold Grant function stack is the one that says INFJ=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se and INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and ZOMG, INFJs and INFPs have *no functions in common!*

A lot of misled forumites think that's "the MBTI" (and/or Jung's model) — but in fact, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.
NPs = tab proliferation championsWith all due respect, you're a disgrace to your type.SJs, natch.Believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

And in particular, the Harold Grant function stack (the one that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te), besides being inconsistent with *both* Jung *and* Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function model has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

For more explanation, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) It may please you to discover that what I call the Real MBTI Model (cuz it's the one the lines up with reality) is less complicated — or at least more straightforward — than function-based "type dynamics."
Just so you know, I'm not the one who downvoted your comment — but I downvote socionics.Are you holding onto your seat? There's actually *no such thing* as "Ti-Fe" or "Fi-Te."

The notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Ti/Fe, Ni/Se and Si/Ne pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common*!

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

As one of the previous commenters already mentioned, if you want a *reality-based* typing, you should be focusing on the dichotomies *and dichotomy combinations.* And if you're interested, that comment I just linked to includes a link to a 10-post cornucopia of typing assistance at TC, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"

And it doesn't include *any* "tandem"-based analysis. And that's a good thing.
&gt; 18 different half-baked points

The fully-baked version is [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) — and it's both tasty and nutritious, if I do say so myself.INTJs with ENFP SO's experience this while we're awake.I'm not currently with an ENFP.

I have been, tho. It's an adventure!Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where ENTPs are supposedly Ne-Ti-Fe-Si, ENTJs are supposedly Te-Ni-Se-Fi, and ZOMG, ENTPs and ENTJs have *no functions in common*! And FYI, that function model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

There's more explanation [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.
You certainly can't have read my linked posts — and particularly [this one.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

I don't know who you think you're addressing, but it isn't anybody with anything close to my views.

No, aredhel304, I don't think "your functional stack is your most used functions, and that the other four functions are barely used."Believe it or not, and contrary to what you may have heard, the dichotomy-centric MBTI — what I call the Real MBTI Model — is essentially in the same category as the Big Five when it comes to psychometric respectability (reliability and validity).

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/)

But the same can't be said for the supposed "tertiary Si" of an INTP and much of the other "cognitive functions" nonsense that you're likely to encounter on internet forums. For more on why *that* stuff rightly belongs in the "astrology" category, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
When I make a public comment in a public thread, what the OP may or may not care about is not all that important, *mon ami.*&gt;This is equivalent to the socionics system of Reinin dichotomies, which assigns a value to each one of the 15 "traits" that can be deduced in this fashion. It's an alternative to the cognitive-functional analysis. However, **these accounts should be properly understood as complementing rather than opposing each other.**

That's my post the OP quoted, and what I call the Real MBTI Model says that INFPs and ESTJs have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common*.

Meanwhile, the forum-popular Harold Grant function model (consistent with socionics in this respect) says that INFPs and ESTJs have a lot of MBTI-related aspects of personality in common onnaccounta they're both "Fi/Te types" and "Si/Ne types."

Those two models *oppose* each other.

And in decades of data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun, those Grantian patterns have stubbornly failed to show up. There doesn't seem to be any "Fi" vs. "Fe" thing where, when you correlate it with the types, the INFPs and ESTJs end up on one side and the INFJs and ESTPs end up on the other. And likewise for every other one of the eight "cognitive functions" and every other type grouping whose purported association depends on those bogus *function axes.*
In *Gifts Differing*, Myers explained: "By the time children reach seventh grade, their types can be identified with a useful degree of accuracy by the Type Indicator."

The MBTI Manual explains: "When the MBTI is used with high school students and adults who can read at least at the eighth grade level, a counselor can be reasonably confident of the reported type for individual guidance, provided that the reported type never be used as an established fact, but rather as a hypothesis for verification."

The MBTI Manual also acknowledges that subjects don't tend to get higher scores on what's supposedly their dominant function than they do on what's supposedly their auxiliary function, and that's consistent with the fact that there's never been any respectable data support of *any* kind for any kind of dom/aux disparity — either in terms of relative strengths, or in terms of how early in life a reasonably strong preference tends to show up.

The notion that a teenage INTJ's N will tend to be evident, but their T won't show up until later, and conversely, that a teenage INTP's T will tend to be evident, but their N won't show up until later — cuz dom/aux! — is just *functionista* horseshit.
I don't have any trouble "seeing" your "point of view." The issue is whether your "point of view" has any respectable evidence behind it.&gt; Neither are very scientific.

I suggest you check out [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8z1pw0/mbti_is_just_astrology_for_egocentric/e2fiz84/)Hanging on the web on a Friday night,  
I stopped at a Myers-Briggs typology site.  
I'm not stoned! You can check my urine!  
But damned if I didn't see Martin Van Buren.
I'd say you might want to consider INFJ.

And I knoooooooow what you may be thinking. You may be thinking, wait, how could anybody be confused between INFJ and INFP, when those two types have *no functions in common*?

Well, if you've been led astray by the myth that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!) or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you may want to look at [this post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961) — which is part of the 10-post series also linked to below. INFJs and INFPs have a lot of type-related things in common, and are arguably more like each other than either is to any other type — and that view is consistent with both Jung's and Myers' perspectives.

And in case you've previously rejected the INFJ possibility cuz Ni sounds too *mystical* for you, that issue is also discussed in that 10-post series. I'm an INTJ (a supposed "Ni-dom"), and I've been posting at INTJforum since 2009, and I'm here to tell you that it's more typical for an INTJ to roll their eyes at mystical stuff than be seriously attracted to it. And it's true that NFs are more mystical than NTs (on average), but NFPs are more mystical than NFJs.

Did I mention a 10-post series? Just in case you're interested — and tomorrow's Sunday, so you've got time, right? — I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

As a final note, and just so you know, the forum-famous type model that says that an INFJ (for example) is Ni-Fe-Ti-Se is the Harold Grant function stack — and on top of the fact that it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has no respectable body of evidence behind it, that function stack has also never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And if you're ever open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long TC post that it links to.
With all due respect, you've let bad cognitive function descriptions lead you off the rails. INFJs are just as "inward about their emotions" as INFPs (and that understanding goes all the way back to Jung, by the way), and also tend to "base a lot of their thoughts on what they feel is right."

So those certainly aren't reasons to dismiss the INFJ possibility.There's no such thing as unicorns,  
Or fairy farts, or pixie poops,  
Or Santa Claus, or Mother Goose,  
And no such thing as dom-tert loops.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/)
&gt; So I guess your answer comes down to a rule Jung applied to cognitive function theory in which your lead function and auxiliary function must be opposite E/I?

Actually, Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux was Ni-Ti-Fe-Se, and his stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe. (The same four functions, just with different emphases.) And there's more on that specific issue in [this post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) if you're interested.

More generally, tho, and more importantly, you really shouldn't be looking to *function stacks* to type yourself properly, and the reason for that is explained in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long TC post that it links to.
You gentlemen are free to concoct any personality typology you like, but if it has nothing to do with values, then it's not much like the MBTI.

Jung certainly thought the different types tended to have different values. He said that each of his eight "functions" effectively constituted what he called a *Weltanschauung*, which means "world view," and that "the conscious attitude is always in the nature of a *Weltanschauung*, if it is not explicitly a religion." Jung wrote about how his types differed with respect to countless aspects of personality, including their religious and philosophical perspectives, what aspects of the world they find interesting, meaningful and valuable, what kinds of leisure time activities they're likely to favor, and on and on.

Jung said the Se-dom "is the lover of tangible reality, with little inclination for reflection and no desire to dominate. **To feel the object, to have sensations and if possible enjoy them—that is his constant aim.**"

Describing the motivations behind an Fe-dom woman's choice of a husband, Jung explained that her "feelings harmonize with objective situations and general values. This is seen nowhere more clearly than in her love choice: the 'suitable' man is loved, and no one else; he is **suitable not because he appeals to her hidden subjective nature, ... but because he comes up to all reasonable expectations in the matter of age, position, income, size and respectability of his family, etc.**"

He said the Te-dom "will, by definition, be a man whose constant endeavour ... is to make all his activities dependent on intellectual conclusions, which in the last resort are always oriented by objective data, whether these be external facts or generally accepted ideas. ... This type of man elevates objective reality, or an objectively oriented intellectual formula, into **the ruling principle not only for himself but for his whole environment**. ... Because this formula seems to embody the entire meaning of life, it is made into a universal law which must be put into effect everywhere all the time, both individually and collectively."

Similarly, there's no shortage of values and motivations in Myers' characterizations of the preferences and the types. As she explained in *Gifts Differing*, "Type research has shown that the types differ in their **interests, values, and needs**. They learn in different ways, **cherish different ambitions, and respond to different rewards**."

Whether you're talking about dichotomy-centric theorists or function-centric theorists, virtually every reasonably well-known MBTI theorist I've ever read has described the different types in ways that don't leave values out of the mix.

As Keirsey explained: "Different people value different things, and **it is in this, the domain of values, that the four types of personality stand apart most noticeably**. The temperaments differ in their preferred mood, in what they put their trust in, in **what they yearn for, in what they seek, in what they prize, and in what they aspire to**. These contrasts in values are usually what people see first in others, when they begin to recognize the four temperament patterns."

Berens and Nardi explain that for ENFJs, "life is a process of succeeding at relationships. There can never be enough truly empathic relationships to foster mutual growth." For INTJs, on the other hand, "life is a process of maximizing achievement — not just accomplishments — but achievements that reflect penetrating thought and insightful integration of all they've learned. And they can never learn enough. ... They enjoy mastering anything that attracts them — the more challenging, the better."
As further described in [this PerC post:](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/638818-mathematics-socionics-post22015394.html#post22015394) at the end of the day, virtually *every* respectable personality typology — very much including *both* the MBTI and Big Five — deals, at its core, with *internal* temperament dimensions and the various ways they end up being typically manifested *both* internally (by way of values, motivations, thinking processes, attitudes, emotional responses, etc.) and externally (through speech and behavior).

*Psychological Types* is full of colorful (and often somewhat over-the-top) descriptions of *behavior* that Jung considered typical of his types. And what's more, Jung believed that his types were products of evolution — and evolution selects for things that result in reproductive success, and reproductive success results from *behavior*. Soooo evolution can't select for, say, introversion unless introversion tends to cause a relatively consistent *set of behaviors*. And that's exactly how Jung described it. As he put it:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation.

And the result of those evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words, introverts are wired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts are wired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

As Jung noted at the start of Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types*:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

In *Gifts Differing*, Myers noted that, "since the more superficial aspects of type are often the easiest to report, many trivial reactions are useful for identification, but these are merely straws to show which way the wind blows. ... It would be a mistake to assume that the essence of an attitude or of a perceptive or judging process is defined by its trivial surface effects or by the test items that reflect it or by the words used to describe it" — and Myers' descriptions of the preferences and the types emphasized values, attitudes and other internal characteristics at least as much as what she saw as the typical resulting external manifestations.

It's common to hear MBTI forumites point to the Big Five as if it was basically all about behavior — but just looking at Wikipedia's summaries, you'll find Openness to Experience, for example, described in terms of "appreciation for art, emotion, adventure, unusual ideas, curiosity, and variety of experience," "the degree of intellectual curiosity, creativity and a preference for novelty and variety a person has," and "the extent to which a person is imaginative or independent, and [has] a personal preference for a variety of activities over a strict routine"; and Agreeableness described in terms of "a tendency to be compassionate and cooperative rather than suspicious and antagonistic," and a "general concern for social harmony," and a tendency to "value getting along with others" and "have an optimistic view of human nature."

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they [long ago concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI was effectively tapping into the same real, underlying dimensions of human personality as four of the Big Five factors. And I agree, and it's a view widely shared in the more respectable districts of the MBTI as well, and you'll find that reflected in both the [Reynierse](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf) and [Bess/Harvey/Swartz](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) articles I often link to.

I don't disagree that there are significant differences between the aspects of personality that a typical MBTI S/N description includes/emphasizes (for example) and the aspects of personality that a typical Big Five Openness description includes/emphasizes — just as you'll also find variation among different MBTI sources, or among different Big Five sources. But I don't think those differences at the (current) theoretical level should be taken to mean that the two typologies aren't both tapping into the same *real*, underlying (and substantially genetic) personality dimension. I don't think it makes any more sense to think that evolution fashioned a Big Five Openness dimension and a largely similar but kinda different MBTI S/N dimension than it makes sense to think that evolution fashioned a Big Five Extraversion dimension and a largely similar but kinda different MBTI E/I dimension.
"Interaction Styles" are a goofy bastard child of David Keirsey by way of Linda Berens.

For a l-o-n-g explanation of where they came from, and why they don't make sense, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/804602-interaction-styles-great-tool-understanding-types-post26699450.html#post26699450)
Why they don't work is explained in that linked post, which you clearly didn't take the time to read (since you replied 10 minutes after I made my comment).

Maybe give it a look before asking me, "What's the problem?"INTPs are more typically think-for-themselves types. Just sayin'.Yeah, sorry, but posting an OP about somebody else's theory on a forum, and then saying you're not interested in reading/considering criticism of the theory cuz *the theorist's got a PhD* doesn't really qualify as thinking for yourself.

And there are other things it doesn't qualify as, too.
I'm "the guy," and I don't "totally disagree" with the Keirsey temperaments. I think Keirsey's worth reading, and I think he had quite a few insightful things to say about the types (along with some significant misfires).

Keep trying.Just based on the small amount of info in your OP, I'd lean INFP &gt; INFJ, but not because you're not prone to "premonitions." If you're interested in some non-mystical, reality-based reasons why you shouldn't favor INFP over INFJ because you think INFJs are more *premonitional* and *telepathic* and stuff — and for other reasons why you should be focusing more on the dichotomies, and less on "function stacks," in trying to type yourself — see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/90ud4t/infp_and_te/e2tg6xs/) and the posts it links to.You can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) And if you've been led to believe that INFJs and INFPs are waaay different (*because functions*!), or that you can't possibly be an INFx (*because functions*!), you're encouraged to take a look at [this TC post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

And you can find quite a bit of additional discussion of J/P's place in the MBTI's history in a two-part reddit comment that starts [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/73rhde/this_fourth_preference_pair_jp_describes_how_you/dnt3vr4/)
You can find official descriptions of the five subfacets of each of the four MBTI dichotomies (from the MBTI Step II Manual) in these four PerC posts:

[Extraversion/Introversion](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2505745)  
[Sensing/Intuition](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2506658)  
[Thinking/Feeling](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2509569)  
[Judging/Perceiving](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)

And just in case anybody tries to convince you that you should basically ignore those sooooperficial dichotomies, cuz type is *all about your functions, man*, you might want to take a look at [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long TC post that it links to.
&gt; He didn't get a lot of responses. He did get one comment which was helpful, and it was a link to PerC. But the fact that it was downvoted and he lost karma for a genuine, reasonable question only because he was using dichotomies. Is why I made this sub. Letters are obviously not welcome here, so I thought that sub would be a good place for posts like that.

The [reddiquette](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette) "Please don't" list says redditors shouldn't "**Downvote an otherwise acceptable post because you don't personally like it.** Think before you downvote and take a moment to ensure you're downvoting someone because they are not contributing to the community dialogue or discussion."

So the people who downvoted his post because it was dichotomy-centric were violating reddit's policies, and the solution to that should be to take away their downvoting privileges, not condescendingly banish dichotomy-centric posts to some "beginners" ghetto.

And the ultimate irony is that the downvoters are a band of groupthinkers whose theoretical framework — the validity-challenged Harold Grant function stack — is inconsistent with Jung and Myers both, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks, and flies in the face of decades of MBTI studies.

Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them — and good for him! And from that standpoint, the groupthinkers' *stifle dissent* approach would be objectionable (on top of being inconsistent with reddit's guidelines) *even if they were correct*. But in fact, it's the INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te *functionistas* whose theoretical approach is in need of correction, and that makes their banish-the-infidel tactics even more annoying.
&gt;it's a wildly accepted opinion that the cognitive functions are the most efficient, accurate way to type

I think "wildly accepted" is a very apt characterization.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)&gt;If there is no order of preference, there is no type. There can be neither when a neutral pole is present, so it defeats the entire purpose of MBTI and completely makes it impotent at it's job.

&gt;Plus, you then have to bear into account that traditional function stacks would be completely thrown out the window.

Um, let me see if I've got this straight. Because middleness would interfere with your desire to be able to assign everybody to one of 16 tidy categories, we can't allow middleness to exist. Is that what you're saying?

What are you? An INFP or something?

It may interest you to know that Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle — ZOMG! no! — on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted. What's more, he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

And with all due respect, the possibility that someone may be in the middle (or a mix) on one of more of the dimensions hardly "defeats the entire purpose of MBTI" (as you put it) or makes the MBTI "impotent at its job."
If evolution has left us with introverts, extraverts and ambiverts, how does the fact that ambiverts exist "defeat the purpose" of the E/I dimension?

Wait. I'll answer that. It doesn't.

And the same goes for every other MBTI-related category.

And just in case you've forgotten, the way theories work is that, when they turn out to imperfectly fit the facts, you *adjust the theories*. You don't *ignore the facts*.

I'll grant you that this is a harder concept for some types to wrap their heads around than others, buuut you shouldn't let your type be an excuse for bad behavior.
 
So... even if Jung or the MBTI claimed that *ambiverts don't exist*, that wouldn't be a reason to insist that they can't exist in the face of contrary evidence. But as I explained in my first comment, neither Jung nor Myers actually claimed that ambiverts don't exist. That's just a notion you picked up from somewhere on the bogus side of the tracks. As already noted, Jung thought more people were undifferentiated ambiverts than were either introverted or extraverted.

You ask how an INFP and an ENFP differ "aside from the fact that one prefers their Fi and the other prefers their Ne"? Well, FYI, if you think that's the only difference between INFPs and ENFPs, you should be aware that your perspective is very much inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, and I explained that in my first comment as well.

Just in case you're interested in learning more about what I like to call the Real MBTI Model — onnaccounta it's the one that applies to what I like to call real people in what I like to think of as the real world — you'll find more discussion of the reality (and significance) of the dichotomies in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long TC post that it links to.
&gt;What mbti is great at, in my opinion, is theorizing the reasons why people act they way they do. Not what they do, why. Mbti is the cause and big 5 is the effect, with measurable differences between people.

You're misinformed. The MBTI and Big Five are tapping into the same real, underlying (substantially genetic) dimensions of personality, and both (understandably) deal with both the internal "causes" and the external "effects."

For a fuller discussion, see [this four-day-old comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/94y0d5/is_mbti_compatible_with_the_big_5/e3oq66e/) which was a reply to you that it sounds like you missed.

&gt;Ambiversion's existence doesn't rely on MBTI. Yes, ambiversion is a real thing. ...

&gt;Every word in your post can be rebutted in two words: cognitive functions.

It sounds to me like maybe you've changed your tune but don't want to admit it, but it's hard to tell.

You've just said "ambiversion is a real thing."

So OK, let's suppose a *real* ambivert is trying to figure out their MBTI type, and let's suppose it's the E/I dimension where they're essentially in the middle, but they've got reasonably strong N, F and P preferences.

The OP suggested that it made sense for that ambivert to think of themselves as an xNFP. And your initial reply to that was that it would "defeat the entire purpose of MBTI" and "completely make it impotent" if we allowed for a "neutral" position (i.e., an ambiverted position).

But if "ambiversion is a real thing"... what would you say to that xNFP about their MBTI type? If your answer is, "I can't say *anything* to them, because they don't have a *complete* type," then it seems to me like you're the one with the "impotent" perspective when it comes to dealing with those *real* ambiverts.

If you know someone's an NFP, there's a lot you can tell them about their type.

And no, ILikeFlannels, the two words "cognitive functions" don't rebut anything in this comment, or my previous comments, or the OP.
&gt; Your argument is based on the faulty premise that E/I is based on your level of sociability but that is simply not the case. You also seem to really like to misinterpret or maybe even intentionally misconstrue what I say as if that somehow makes you right.
 
&gt; I don't know what to tell you other than I'm sorry that you're wrong. Please stop flooding my inbox with your novels of nonsensical vitriol.

So *now* you seem to be saying that you only meant that "ambiversion" exists if somebody's using "ambiversion" to refer to just being in the middle on "level of sociability."

Buuut none of my comments said anything about sociability.

And Jung was talking about introversion *as a whole* when he said that more people were in the middle than were either introverted or extraverted.

Myers was likewise referring to the MBTI preferences as a whole when she allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four.

And the OP didn't say anything about sociability either.

So I don't know who you were addressing with your ambiversion=level-of-sociability thing, but it wasn't anybody relevant for purposes of this thread, or our exchange.

I'm "flooding your inbox"? No, I'm just replying to your comments. If you want to end the exchange, you're free to do so. But what you should certainly do, in any case, is stop pretending you're replying to my comments when you're really not addressing my issues (or the OP's) at all.
Decades of correlational studies involving many thousands of subjects have established that the reliability and validity of the official MBTI are basically on a par with the leading Big Five tests.

Here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88   
INFJ  2.95   
INTP  2.92   
INFP  1.97   
ENTJ  1.56   
ENTP  1.42   
ENFP  1.09   
ENFJ  1.08   
ISTJ  0.68   
ISTP  0.50   
ISFP  0.49   
ISFJ  0.43   
ESTP  0.22   
ESFJ  0.18   
ESTJ  0.12   
ESFP  0.02

Stat spectrums that orderly — not to mention that dramatically lopsided — are what you call a personality psychologist's dream. What they indicate (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) is that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.

That's the kind of data McCrae &amp; Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists) were referring to over 20 years ago when they praised the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and specifically noted that studies like those could "provide valuable replications" of Big Five studies relating to the four dimensions of personality that the MBTI and Big Five share.

Keeping in mind that twin studies indicate that those four dimensions of personality are substantially genetic, the results of that sample suggest that there are relatively hardwired dimensions of personality that can make a person of one type (e.g., an INTJ) something like *30 times more likely* than another type (an ESTJ) to end up as a science major at Cal Tech.

And here's the most important point for purposes of this thread: if whatever type test someone's using is causing an unacceptably large proportion of mistypings, then when they use it to do correlational studies, they're not going to end up with the kinds of dramatic self-selection ratios in that Cal Tech sample.

To end up with 30-to-1 self-selection ratios in a large sample, it's not enough that the underlying personality aspects have a substantial impact on whatever you're correlating them with. You also need to be using a test that does a good job (*on average*) of typing the subjects.

Do individual mistypings happen? Of course. And they're not rare — and especially if you're talking about the type being off on just one dimension. But the test does a good enough job, with the majority of subjects, so that statistics from reasonably large samples are meaningful.
&gt;However you’re not correct that MBTI is on par with Big 5. The efficacy of Big 5 testing is an astonishing 100%. MBTI has very little research backing it. There are only a few correlational studies.

I'm sorry, but you're very much misinformed on that issue. The dichotomy-centric MBTI is essentially in the same category as the Big Five when it comes to psychometric respectability (reliability and validity).

Among the sources cited in my PerC ["Debunking the MBTI Debunkers" post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961) is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.
&gt; MBTI does not have extensive empirical evidence. It’s disregarded by the academic community. I’m not sure why you feel the words of one Big 5 researcher back in 1990 mean so much for today, but I can promise you that’s not the belief held by most psychologist now.
&gt; 
&gt; The following really sums up the stance psychologists have on the topic:
&gt; 
&gt; https://www.reddit.com/r/psychology/comments/89bhmo/comment/dwr6mr7?st=JKQ7GV9J&amp;sh=0fed3666

As I already noted, you are very much misinformed, as is that reddit comment you've linked me to.

As noted in that PerC post I linked you to (with cites), the 1985 MBTI Manual referred to 1500 studies, and there have been many, many more since.

McCrae &amp; Costa aren't "one Big 5 researcher." They're the leading Big Five psychologists, and creators of the leading Big Five test (the NEO-PI-R). And the reason they approvingly referred their fellow Big Five psychologists to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" back in 1990 is that over 25 years ago, the MBTI's body of empirical studies was already *extensive*.

It's true there's something of a bias against the MBTI in the academic community, and that issue is discussed in that Harvey meta-review I linked you to.

As the old saying goes, you're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts. That PerC post of mine (which is also linked in this subreddit's sidebar) is much, much better informed than that reddit comment you pointed me to, and addresses most of that commenter's mistakes. You should really give it a read — assuming the facts matter to you.
I don't think I know more than the well-informed "experts," but the author of that reddit comment you linked to is emphatically not one of those. Did you read my linked post? It's hard to imagine you reading it (and looking into its sources) and coming to any conclusion other that the fact that that comment author, while he may have a PhD, failed abysmally to do his homework on the MBTI.

By contrast, and as one example, here's Robert Harvey's CV:

&gt;RJ Harvey (Ph.D. Industrial/Organizational Psychology, Ohio State, 1982) has taught at Virginia Tech since 1987. As author of the Common-Metric Questionnaire (CMQ), the preeminent standardized job analysis survey, he has been active in research on job/occupational analysis and assessment topics related to employee selection and competency modeling. In recent years, he has been a vocal critic of the Department of Labor's plans to replace the Dictionary of Occupational Titles (DOT) with the O*NET on philosophical, legal-defensibility, and psychometric grounds. His current research programs focus on developing a defensible, job-related occupational analysis system suitable for replacing the failed O*NET, using job-component validation (JCV) to link the domains of job work-dimensions and worker personal-traits, and developing faking-resistant assessments of non-cognitive (personality) traits.

He's the guy who performed the meta-review (of multiple studies by other PhDs), supplemented by his own 11,000-subject study, in 2003, and explained why the MBTI should properly be viewed as psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests.

He also talked about the academic bias against the MBTI.

And biases and opinions aside, and when it comes to certain issues (like the relative psychometric strength of the MBTI), facts are facts. And you can inform yourself, or you can stay ignorant. It's up to you.

Your linked commenter says your MBTI type is "about as valid as a horoscope," while the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa) say that MBTI studies furnish "valuable replications" of Big Five studies. Those two evaluations are grossly at odds with one another. Who ya gonna believe?

Your linked commenter says the MBTI wasn't "empirically derived," but simply reflects "Jungian tradition." But McCrae &amp; Costa (rightly) explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

Who ya gonna believe?

Your linked commenter says that the MBTI's test-retest reliability is way lower than the Big Five's, but that evaluation results from the same boneheaded error that's discussed in my linked PerC post — comparing test/retest for a *four-letter type* to test-retest for a *single Big Five dimension*. As noted in my linked post, comparing *single-dimension* test-retest results, the MBTI and Big Five are, as Harvey noted, "on a par."

And there are several more mistakes your linked commenter makes that are also addressed in my linked post.

Your linked commenter, not to put too fine a point on it, is a piss-poor source when it comes to the MBTI.
&gt; There’s nothing you linked to that I haven’t poured over years ago. While I still still MBTI as fun to talk about, and a tool to bring people’s self development needs up, I now know how severely limited it is by its format.
&gt; 
&gt; I trust peer-reviewed science and Big 5 has more than passed the rigorous test of peer review. My linked commenter gave excellent citations which I’m guessing you didn’t read. And given their status as an actual practicing psychologist, they’re a far better source than you or me. I really hope you consult more contemporary experts on this. Something one researcher said 25 years ago is truly not important in 2018 in the context of the 1000s of amazing studies that have been done with Big 5– measures that were never able to be done with MBTI due to Big 5’s superior format.
&gt; 
&gt; I believe the process of peer review. And it shows that MBTI is a blunted, half-baked version of Big 5.

Your linked commenter, as I pointed out, made numerous errors of *fact*, and if you still don't realize that, you haven't been paying attention. And if you realize it but aren't willing to admit your mistake, that's another kind of problem.

Your very first comment in this thread said that "the efficacy of Big 5 testing is an astonishing 100%," which was a ludicrous statement to make, and showed right off the bat that you're not someone who knows very much about personality psychology and psychometrics.

So for you to now claim that there's "nothing I linked to" that you haven't "pored over years ago" is beyond silly.

But hey, you say you're all about "peer-reviewed science," so how about pointing me to a respectable peer-reviewed source for your assertion that "the efficacy of Big 5 testing is an astonishing 100%."

Don't worry. I'm not holding my breath.
&gt;The test used for the study reflects the views and opinions of the creator(s) of the test. 

No, the test used for the study is a test that is psychometrically on a par (as previously noted) with the leading Big Five tests precisely because it doesn't represent somebody's arbitrary views on anything. The items on the official MBTI were chosen, based on years of testing, using psychometric standards, not because of what Jung thought, or because of what Myers thought Jung thought.

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in using scientific methods to the extent possible, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

As previously noted, McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI, and explained that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by modern scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

And it turned out those "internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices" (the MBTI dichotomies) are essentially tapping into the same dimensions of personality as four of the Big Five factors — and it's maybe worth noting that Myers got there over 20 years before there really was a Big Five.

Twin studies have shown that *identical twins raised in separate households* are substantially more likely to match on the personality dimensions that the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into than genetically unrelated pairs — which indicates that the MBTI dichotomies correspond to *real*, relatively hard-wired underlying dimensions of personality that were presumably selected for by evolution (just as Jung presumed). Anyone who thinks they're just arbitrary theoretical categories is misinformed.
&gt; Most people are on top of the bell curve it the dimensions. How would they benefit from being sorted into one of two extremes?

Who said anything about "extremes"? "Dichotomy-centric" means recognizing that the real, substantially genetic underlying components of MBTI type are the four dichotomies. It says nothing about whether any particular individual can't have a strong preference, or a mild preference, or be in the middle.

Carl Jung himself framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted.

Myers likewise allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions, and the "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

The MBTI is not about "extremes."
&gt;Reckfulshoes, my dear, what is the reliability / validity of big 5 itself again? Keep in mind that we're mostly talking about Self Report tests and those aren't spectacularly precise to begin with. So, if big 5 isn't that certain of its results, what does that make out of MBTI? A perpetually confused system? Do focus on big 5 side.

What do you mean by "spectacularly precise" and "isn't certain of its results"? The nature of what's being studied precludes the kind of precision and certainty that you find in the hard sciences, and that's true of all the so-called "soft sciences" — psychology, economics, etc.

But on the other hand, look at those Cal Tech stats. You don't end up with anything like 30-to-1 self-selection ratios unless you're using a test that's doing an effective job of typing the great majority of the subjects.
&gt;Sure, but then why not use only a scale with percentages like the big 5 does? Usage of dichotomies and defining exactly 16 types all imply that most people fall onto the extremes on the dimensions, but we now know well that that's not the case for most people.

&gt;Dichotomies are just another cruft that the MBTI has to use to claim to be related to Jung

Defining 16 types may imply that "most people fall onto the extremes" *to you*, but that's not what official (or respectable) MBTI sources say.

And as I noted in my first reply to you, Jung was certainly a strong believer in middleness, not to mention varying strengths of preference (or of "one-sidedness," as he called it) — so your misconstrual of what "dichotomies" implies, even if it was MBTI doctrine (which it isn't), wouldn't be a "claim" made "to be related to Jung."
Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake" — and the official MBTI has always been, and remains, centered around the dichotomies to a much greater degree than many MBTI forumites realize.

If you're interested, you can find a lot more discussion of that in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the Typology Central post that it links to.
Woo hoo! Just what the world needs! Another misinformed quick-take on the MBTI.

The "References" list Ms. Hill provides tells you all you need to know about how much homework she put into her presentation. Not only does it consist of just four items, but *only one* of those items is about the MBTI!

And that one item is David Pittenger's goofy 1993 "takedown" of the MBTI, which I've criticized at some length elsewhere, and which Robert Harvey specifically called out in the 2003 MBTI meta-review and study linked below.

Among the canards in Hill's video is the notion that the reliability of the MBTI is way low, because people come out a different type *around half the time* when they retake the test. But actually, the overall test-retest stats for the MBTI average more like 60% than 50% — and that's the same as the Big Five! And the reason people like Hill so often misunderstand that is that they compare MBTI stats for a *four-letter type* to Big Five stats for a *single dimension*.

I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

As the author, I may be a tad biased, but I think the following l-o-n-g PerC post is the best one-stop rebuttal to the sorry parade of poorly-informed MBTI "debunkers" — including Hill, and her pal Pittenger — who turn up with disappointing frequency on the internet:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study by Robert Harvey](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

And it's worth noting that Harvey specifically points to that piss-poor 1993 Pittenger article linked at Hill's YouTube page — and again, it's the *only* one of her four "references" that discusses the MBTI — as an example of the kind of biased and poorly supported criticism of the MBTI that's been convincingly refuted by decades of respectable studies that show that the MBTI is, in Harvey's words, "on a par" with more well-respected Big Five tests.
&gt;The efficacy of the big 5 test is near 100%, so whenever you got that the test and re-test value of mbti is the same as Big 5, it’s not even close. Where are you getting this information?

&gt;That’s just not how you make calculations. Take a stats class.

&gt;Furthermore, you don’t seem to be grasping that Big 5 is spectrum based. You can’t compare it the way you are attempting to. Apples to oranges.

I asked you where on earth you came by that "100% efficacy" assertion in another thread, and you didn't respond.

Now you've got another chance.

In that other thread, you said you were all about "peer-reviewed science," so how about pointing us to a respectable peer-reviewed source for your ridiculous assertion that (as you put it in that other thread) "the efficacy of Big 5 testing is an astonishing 100%."

And on the "spectrum" issue, and FYI, Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted. What's more, he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension — comparable to the NEO-PI-R's six facets for each dimension — and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

So if you're under the impression that the MBTI is about black-and-white categories, with no gradation in preference strengths, and no possibility of middleness/mixedness, you're misinformed.

As a final note, you've asked me "Where are you getting this information?" — in reference to the MBTI's test-retest stats being on a par with the Big Five. Please see my first comment, which cites a meta-review of existing studies and supplemental 11,000-subject study that comes to that conclusion. And I pointed you to that same source in the other thread, and you said you didn't read it because you'd *already pored over it* long ago.

Uh huh.

And in case you want moar, here are two official MBTI sources backing up the validity and reliability of the MBTI typology in its Step I and Step II incarnations:

Step I: [MBTI Form M Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_FormM_Supp.pdf)   
Step II: [MBTI Step II Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_StepII_Man_Supp.pdf)

&gt; All good psychology information is highly proprietary. You can’t just post the best research online without paying for it.
&gt; 
&gt; https://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf
&gt; 
&gt; Even this isn’t legit because it isn’t from a real journal that has standards, but it’s funny that the same journals used to support type also deny it.

Funny you should point us to that Reynierse article. I've cited that article countless times myself, including in that long PerC post that you apparently still haven't read.

If you think that Reynierse article "denies" the validity and reliability of the MBTI, you either haven't read it or you didn't understand it.

That article attacks "type dynamics" — i.e., the Harold Grant function stack and other aspects of the so-called "cognitive functions" that go beyond what I call the Real MBTI Model. (More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/))

When it comes to the MBTI dichotomies, Reynierse is a strong believer, and that's because he's a lot more familiar with the state of the data than you are. Reynierse points to the decades of data support behind the MBTI dichotomies (including some studies of his own), and contrasts that support with the sorry lack of support for "type dynamics."

Instead of mindlessly mis-citing his article, I'd suggest you give it a read.

And meanwhile, I'm still waiting for you to point me to any respectable support for your silly assertion that "the efficacy of Big 5 testing is an astonishing 100%."

&gt;Those aren’t real studies. These aren’t actually legit, peer reviewed journals. No meta-analysis is meaningful if the information wasn’t collected correctly in the first place. ...

&gt;You clearly haven’t read the important information on Big 5. There’s no way I can give you access to it without you paying for it, but it exists.

Among the sources Harvey cites are *Journal of Applied Psychology*, *Journal of Personality Assessment*, *Educational and Psychological Measurement*, *Journal of Personality and Social Psychology*, and *Journal of Personality*. Did you really mean to tell us those aren't "legit, peer reviewed journals," or did you mean to tell us that you just post whatever suits your argument, facts be damned, cuz your intellectual integrity is in the toilet?

You said "the efficacy of Big 5 testing is an astonishing 100%," and I asked you for a respectable source, and now you've supplemented your comment to say, uh, sorry, you can't point us to any respectable support for that cuz it only exists in places you *can't give us access to* cuz they're *all behind paywalls*.

Nope. The reason you can't point us to any respectable source for your claim that "the efficacy of Big 5 testing is an astonishing 100%," is that there isn't any. That was a ludicrous assertion for you to have made in the first place, and it shows (as I noted in the other thread) that you're not someone who knows very much about personality psychology and psychometrics.
At the end of the day, what you think about how Reynierse operationalized the "cognitive functions" for purposes of that handful of studies he performed is pretty much beside the point, because it wasn't up to Reynierse (or anybody else) to *definitively disprove* any aspect of type dynamics. That's not how personality psychology works.

It's up to the people who subscribe to type dynamics to either gather a respectable body of evidence in support of its validity or concede that type dynamics is currently in the same validity-free bin as the zodiac.

And instead, for over 20 years now, the Harold Grantians have been peddling INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te without being able to point to any respectable evidentiary support for the notion that an INFP has a single "Si" aspect of personality in common with an ISTJ that neither INFPs nor ISTJs share with INFJs and ISTPs (both supposedly "Se" types).

The most important point of Reynierse's article is that there are *standards* that apply in the field of personality psychology, and that Myers arrived at the dichotomies by following those standards, which is why the respectable, dichotomy-centric districts of the MBTI pass muster in the reliability and validity departments — and that the "type dynamics" folks have been ignoring those standards, and have failed to even look for (for the most part), much less produce, any respectable support for type dynamics.

Claiming that Reynierse didn't properly go about putting type dynamics to the test doesn't constitute support for type dynamics. And until somebody can manage to come up with some validity support, it doesn't deserve any more attention than the zodiac.
&gt;Could you also elaborate on the standards of personality psychology? What specific standards did Myers follow to arrive at dichotomies? What standards does type dynamics not follow?

Establishing reliability and validity by psychometric standards.

As McCrae and Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists) have explained:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

And the study of Cal Tech science majors described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/96k3x2/theory_why_mbti_tests_statistics_are_meaningless/e412vgz/) is a good example of what *validity* looks like.

And as Reynierse explains, there is currently *no* aspect of "type dynamics" — i.e., the aspects of MBTI "cognitive functions" theory that are inconsistent with, or go beyond, the simple additive effects of dichotomies in combination — that has ever found any validity support.

Do I, N, F, and P correlate with lots of things? Yes. How about IN and NF and FP and NP and all the other combinations? Yes.

Is there any meaningful-sized body of MBTI data pools where some supposedly "Si" thing was being correlated with type, and where the SJs *and the NPs* were on one side of the correlational spectrum (as supposedly "Si" types) and the SPs *and the NJs* were on the other side (as "Se" types)? No, there isn't. And anyone who thinks there ever will be shouldn't hold their breath.

Although both spellings of "extraversion" can be found in the dictionary, Jung coined the term, and he spelled it with an "a" — and rightly referred to later "o" spellings as "bad latin." Isabel Myers also spelled it with an "a," and it's spelled with an "a" in all the most well-known MBTI sources, in virtually all the leading Big Five sources, and in most other academic-psychology sources.

Anybody's free to be a special snowflake if they want, of course, but it seems to me that there's some advantage to having a consistency of spelling for the main terms (at least) involved in a respectable field of study — particularly in the context of journals (and forums, and subreddits) devoted to discussions of that field.

And again, when it comes to the field of personality psychology generally (not just the MBTI), the "extraversion" spelling isn't just slightly favored; it's strongly favored.

In case anyone's interested in the Wikipedia Talk discussion of which spelling should be used in the Wikipedia article, it's here:

[Wikipedia Talk: Reasons to use ExtrAversion instead of ExtrOversion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Extraversion_and_introversion#Reasons_to_use_ExtrAversion_instead_of_ExtrOversion)

Thanks for listening.
First of all, as further explained in the comment linked below, the whole idea of type "loops" is based on the idea that somebody can end up so favoring the supposed *attitude* of their "dominant" function that instead of being properly balanced (in E/I terms) by the opposite-attitude auxiliary, they essentially bypass the auxiliary and use their (non-balancing) tertiary function in its place.

So even if you subscribe to the "loops" idea, it's very much a dom/tert thing, and wouldn't encompass an INFJ ending up in an "Fe-Se loop" (aux-inf).

But second, and more importantly, and as further explained in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/) there's really no such thing as *dom-tert* loops either.
&gt; I was heading towards ideas such as what would cause bypassing Fe?

Well, as you would have found out if you'd read my linked post, what supposedly "causes" dom-tert loops is mainly just the inherent internal dynamics of the Harold Grant function stack.

The idea is that an INFP is an introvert, and so prefers introversion to extraversion. Using an extraverted function as their second-in-command supposedly provides balance in the E/I department, but their preference for introversion can cause them to look at their aux and go, "Ew, that's extraverted," and "Hmmm, I feel more comfortable with *that* function over there" (as they grab their introverted tert and use it as the second-in-command). And the result is that they end up trapped inside their inner worlds, and fail to adequately "connect" with the "external world" (to use Lenore Thomson's words).

Thomson originated the idea, and although she said that what she called the "tertiary problem" was somewhat more likely to arise in response to stressful situations and conflicts, she also said that, because people naturally tend to favor their dominant function, and because the auxiliary function opposes it in *two* different ways — e.g., for an introverted perceiver, it's both an extraverted function and a judging function — there's something of a natural tendency to neglect the aux, and to end up (inappropriately) looking to the tertiary (which only opposes the dom in one way) instead.

Again, tho, it's a bogus theoretical concept because the function stack that it's based on is bogus. And there's more (for anyone else who might be interested) in that linked comment.


&gt; But don’t assume that just because a person doesn’t address what you linked or said, it doesn’t mean they didn’t read or care.

FWIW, my assumption was chiefly based on the fact that you posted your reply 7 minutes after I posted mine.&gt;  mbti on its own has very little evidence to back it up because there's no data to back it up.

I'm sorry, but you really have no idea what you're talking about.

Believe it or not, and contrary to what you may have heard, the dichotomy-centric MBTI — what I call the Real MBTI Model — is essentially in the same category as the Big Five when it comes to psychometric respectability, and it has decades of data in support of its reliability and validity (as the leading Big Five psychologists have acknowledged).

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/)
Are you holding onto your seat? There's actually *no such thing* as "Ti/Fe" or "Fi/Te."

The notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Ti/Fe, Ni/Se and Si/Ne pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common*!

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

There's more [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.

Assuming you want a *reality-based* typing, you should be focusing more on the dichotomies *and dichotomy combinations* than on anybody's "function stack." And if you're interested, that comment I just linked to includes a link to a 10-post cornucopia of typing assistance at TC, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"

And it doesn't include *any* "tandem"-based analysis. And that's a good thing.
&gt; Hey, so by reading through all your links, i can finally safely say that i am definitely an IxTP. But i'm not sure if either ISTP or INTP. Reading about the N/S dichotomy on those links helped, but i still don't know.

&gt; I'm not sure exactly if i'm an ideas kind of person or a practical kind of person.

&gt; Honestly, i would say i'm kind of both. Do you have any way for me to find out? And thanks for the help!

I'm not sure what you mean by reading "all my links," but since you've replied so quickly, I'm guessing you didn't spend much (if any) time looking over that 10-post type-me collection at TC. In case you missed it, there's a lot of S/N input from me in [this Typology Central post](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951) (part of that collection) — which, besides linking to multiple related S/N posts from me on various sub-issues, also includes quotes and stats from various MBTI sources, and a link to the full descriptions of the five S/N facets from the MBTI Step II Manual.
Yes. I'd be "reckful" here, too, but that username was already taken at reddit when I arrived. And thanks for the thumbs-up.&gt; Just a heads up that most folks don't look at the dichotomies in this way, but rather look at cognitive functions...
&gt; 
&gt; Ni-Se vs. Si-Ne
&gt; 
&gt; Te-Fi vs. Fe-Ti

Uh, yeah, just a "heads up" that there's actually *no such thing* as "Ni-Se" or "Si-Ne" or "Ti-Fe" or "Fi-Te."

And "most folks" don't view the MBTI in those terms. Just the ones who've been woefully bamboozled into believing in a set of type groupings that has no more validity than the zodiac.

Just in case you weren't aware, those so-called "function axes" are inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and have never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and for good reason. And the explanation is [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.

And to answer the OP's very reasonable question... Myers and Keirsey had different perspectives on a number of things, but they saw eye-to-eye on the notion that S/N was the most consequential of the four dichotomies, and I'm inclined to agree.
You have things entirely backwards.

Believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

And in particular, the Harold Grant function stack (the one that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te), besides being inconsistent with *both* Jung *and* Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function model has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

For more explanation, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
&gt; Most of your links are to yourself and your own posts/comments in other places...

I link to previous posts to avoid repeating them at length in every thread where the same issues come up. Is there some reason you think that doesn't make sense?

&gt;You'd probably have more success with this message if you toned down the condescending delivery

You think you're in a position to criticize my "condescending delivery" to you?

The OP started a thread to discuss which of the four dichotomies is the most important.

And instead of addressing the OP's issue, you posted a condescending reply that told them, hey, just a "heads up," n00b, but "most folks" know better than to pay attention to those silly dichotomies.

Physician, heal thyself.
It's a little hard to figure out what that Wikipedia section thinks it's saying, but I own both the 1985 and 1998 MBTI Manuals, and both acknowledge that Harold Grant and his followers have a different idea, but that the official MBTI position on the function stack remains Myers' — i.e., INFP=Fi-Ne-Se-Te.

And I don't point that out to advocate Myers' stack. I point it out to try to get misled forumites to understand that the so-called "function axes" are *not* "the MBTI," and never have been.

And they never will be, either, because the most important thing to understand about the function axes is that they're inconsistent with decades of MBTI data. As they say in the respectable districts of personality psychology, they have *no validity.*
&gt; This guy is actually lying and has been called out on it countless times.
&gt; 
&gt; Jung came up with the dominant and inferior functions. E.G. the Ni-dom with Se-inf. Jung also came up with the Auxiliary and the Tertiary, but he left their e/i open-ended. So it's not inconsistent with Jung at all.
&gt; 
&gt; Then Myers decided to go with an extroverted auxiliary for introverts.
&gt; 
&gt; This guy knows all this, but he's lying to you anyway to push his agenda. He has a hard-on for the dichotomies and loves to trash functions. Even though that's basically like saying, 'my piece of shit is a better colour than your piece of shit.'

I'm "lying," and I've been "called out on it countless times"?

It is to laugh.

Although there's been disagreement about Jung's position on the orientation of the *auxiliary* function — and Myers acknowledged that her supposed "interpretation" of Jung was at odds with the vast majority (all but one, she said) of Jung scholars — I know of *no* Jung scholar or respectable MBTI source who has ever taken the position that Jung left the orientation of the unconscious functions "open-ended."

On the contrary, Jung was clear that all of an introvert's unconscious functions (the tert and inf, in the typical case) would have an extraverted attitude, and *vice versa* for an extravert.

The notion that the tert would have the same orientation as the dom came from Harold Grant, a religious writer who made that assertion in his 1983 book, *Image to Likeness: A Jungian Path in the Gospel Journey.* But he offered it as his own take on the functions, rather than claiming that it had been Jung's position.

Anyone interested in reading more about what *Jung's* position was on the orientation of the four functions can find it — with lots of Jung quotes! — in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)
Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs and INTPs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INTPs are supposedly Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, INTJs are supposedly Ni-Te-Fi-Se, and ZOMG, INTPs and INTJs have *no functions in common*! And FYI, that function model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

And contrary to what Dr_Polito has told you, the notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Fe/Ti, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a by-product of the Grant stack, and it's nonsense.

More generally, above and beyond the specific *stack* issues, the faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" themselves represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — has rightly called a "category mistake."

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

A-a-and as a final note, that reddit comment also includes a link to a 10-post TC series with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"
You haven't provided me with a single source — or pointed me to a single Jung quote — in support of the position that Jung left the orientation of the "unconscious functions" (that's how he referred to the tert and inf in *Psychological Types*, and again 30 years later in *Individual Dream Symbolism in Relation to Alchemy*) "open-ended."

And I assume that's because you can't. Care to prove me wrong?

It looks to me like one of us has an intellectual integrity problem, but contrary to what you said in your first comment, it isn't me.
&gt; Do you have comprehension issues or something? You literally admitted it was left open ended. Right here:
&gt; 
&gt; Although there's been disagreement about Jung's position on the orientation of the auxiliary function
&gt; 
&gt; There's disagreements because Jung didn't clarify. He left it open ended. Duh. What do you not comprehend? I feel like I'm talking to a monkey.

You're mixing up (intentionally, I assume) whether there's any grounds for disagreement about Jung's take on the orientation of the *auxiliary* function, and whether there's any grounds for disagreement about Jung's take on the orientation of the tert and inf (which Jung referred to as the "unconscious functions").

To repeat:

You haven't provided me with a single source — or pointed me to a single Jung quote — in support of the position that Jung left the orientation of the "unconscious functions" (that's how he referred to the tert and inf in *Psychological Types*, and again 30 years later in *Individual Dream Symbolism in Relation to Alchemy*) "open-ended."

And I assume that's because you can't. Care to prove me wrong?

&gt; That'd be your job. Find me a single statement where Jung said the Auxiliary was introverted for introverts. If you can't, therein lies the proof that Jung never clarified it - meaning he left it open ended.

That long PerC post I linked to offers multiple Jung quotes, and explains why the *only* interpretation that's really consistent with them, taken as a whole, is that Jung believed that the two "conscious functions" (as he called the dom and aux) would both have what he called the "conscious attitude."

To take just one example... as Jung explained:

&gt; If we wish to define the psychological peculiarity of a man in terms that will satisfy not only our own subjective judgment but also the object judged, we must take as our criterion that state or attitude which is felt by the object to be the conscious, normal condition. Accordingly, we shall make his conscious motives our first concern, while eliminating as far as possible our own arbitrary interpretations.
&gt;
&gt; Proceeding thus we shall discover, after a time, that in spite of the great variety of conscious motives and tendencies, certain groups of individuals can be distinguished who are characterized by a striking conformity of motivation. For example, we shall come upon individuals who in all their judgments, perceptions, feelings, affects, and actions feel external factors to be the predominant motivating force, or who at least give weight to them no matter whether causal or final motives are in question. I will give some examples of what I mean. St. Augustine: "I would not believe the Gospel if the authority of the Catholic Church did not compel it." ... One man finds a piece of modern music beautiful because everybody else pretends it is beautiful. Another marries in order to please his parents but very much against his own interests. ... There are not a few who in everything they do or don't do have but one motive in mind: what will others think of them? "One need not be ashamed of a thing if nobody knows about it."

He characterizes extraverts as people "who in all their **judgments, perceptions**, feelings, affects, and actions feel external factors to be the predominant motivating force." *Judgments and perceptions both.*

There are definitely aspects of Jung's writings where reasonable people can disagree about what he meant, but I would respectfully suggest that there's no reasonable way to reconcile that passage (from Chapter X of *Psychological Types*) with the notion that Jung's model called for an extravert to either be extraverted in their judgments and introverted in their perceptions or *vice versa.*

And again, that linked post has a lot more reasons why the notion that Jung viewed the auxiliary as having the opposite attitude to the dominant is essentially unsupportable.
I see you've edited your comment since the version I previously replied to.

&gt; Just a reminder on the integrity thing - you do like to avoid mentioning that Beebe, Berens, etc all disagree with your opinion. Meanwhile you love to claim that MBTI is solidly against the "Grant stack" even thought that's literally three MBTI professionals who are in favour of it; Grant, Beebe and Berens.

There's a huge community of MBTI theorists with widely differing perspectives on lots of things, but there are also "official MBTI" positions on various issues.

And the "official MBTI" doesn't include the function axes, and that's what I've claimed.

And the biggest reason that it's important for people to understand that is that the *reason* the function axes aren't part of the official MBTI is that, as further discussed [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) the correlational patterns associated with them have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun.

Shining lights like Linda Berens are free to take whatever positions they want, but if they want their typological *offshoots* (a kind word for some of Berens' nonsense) to end up being taken seriously and endorsed by the official MBTI folks, they need to establish that they have some respectable degree of *validity*.

And that's something that none of the *function axes* aficionados have been able to do. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
It sounds to me like we're (mostly, at least) in agreement on Jung's perspective, but that you think you're disagreeing with me.

It's pretty clear that Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux (for example) was Ni-Ti-Fe-Se, and if you want to read a long discussion about that — with a generous helping of Jung quotes — you'll find it [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

And so you might say, "Well, then, if you're an 'Ni type,' you're also an 'Se type,' just like the HaroldGrantians claim" (albeit with a very different function stack).

Buuut there's a big difference between one function *repressing* another (as you noted) and the first function working constructively (in "tandem") with the second. To both Jung and Myers, your unconscious functions typically manifested in a problematic way that made them more like the *opposite* of that same function in the dominant role.

For example, Jung said that, whereas Ne-doms have a knack for sniffing out the latest trends and the ways things could be changed for the better, the inferior Ne of Si-doms tends to exhibit "an amazing flair for all the ambiguous, shadowy, sordid, dangerous possibilities lurking in the background" and has "a dangerous and destructive quality" — with the result that Ne-doms tend to embrace/cause change, while Si-doms tend to fear/resist change.

Similarly, in describing the ways inferior Fi tended to manifest in a Te-dom, Jung described several examples of *unethical behavior* and commented that "only an inferior feeling function, operating unconsciously and in secret, could seduce otherwise reputable men into such aberrations." He said a Te-dom's inferior feelings tend to have "a sultry and resentful character," and to lead the Te-dom to "make negative assumptions about other people."

Describing Fe-doms, Jung said that their inferior thinking tends to be "infantile, archaic [and] negative," and to take the form of "obsessive ideas which are invariably of a negative and depreciatory character," noting that "women of this type have moments when the most hideous thoughts fasten on the very objects most valued by their feelings."

Myers tended to talk about inferior functions in more dichotomous terms — e.g., with N's tending to view/experience S in negative terms. But the second edition of the MBTI Manual (which she co-authored) noted that the types with either form of N as their inferior function — the "ISJ and ESP types" — are prone to view "possibilities" in overly negative terms, and urged MBTI counselors to help them "develop strategies to counteract the 'black cloud effect.'"

So, unlike internet forumites who've put their faith in bad type sources and think that Si-doms and Ne-doms actually have substantial aspects of personality in common onnaccounta they're both "Si-Ne types," Jung and Myers were both inclined to view Si-doms and Ne-doms as pretty much just *opposites*.

EDITED TO ADD: At the end of the day, though, what's more important than what Jung thought or Myers thought is whether the so-called "function axes" *correspond to reality.* And as further explained in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to, the correlational patterns associated with those axes have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
As you'll see if you take a look at [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) (which I've already linked you to), and assuming you're an FP, I think it's a mistake to think of "Te" as a component of your psyche (in a way that "Ti" isn't) that you can "develop" in a way that you couldn't "develop" Ti.

As I pointed out in my first comment, those eight "cognitive functions" have been rightly characterized by James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — as a "category mistake."

"Te" descriptions only have validity to the extent that they accurately characterize personality aspects that TJs tend to exhibit to a greater degree than the other 12 types, and ditto for "Ti" descriptions and TPs, "Fe" descriptions and 
FJs, and "Fi" descriptions and FPs.

And 50 years of MBTI data pools have made it reasonably clear that any such *valid* "Te" stuff (i.e., things that are more characteristic of TJs than the 12 other types) will also be things that FPs exhibit the *least* of — with the FJs and TPs as the in-betweeners.

The non-preferred sides of the dichotomies tend to be someone's areas of *weakness*, and therefore the ones that the person can afford to *work on* in a self-improvement sort of sense. But the notion that an FP is an "Fi/Te" type in terms of their *natural form of thinking* tending to be Te rather than Ti is nonsense. Given a "Te" description made up of things TJs tend to have in common and a "Ti" description made up of things TPs tend to have in common, an FP trying to type themselves should expect to find that they relate more to the Ti (TP) description (one dichotomy in common) than the Te (TJ) description (no dichotomies in common).

And that applies the same whether the supposed "axis" you're looking at is dom/inf or aux/tert.
&gt; Anyway, I get what you are arguing about now. So if I really am an Fi-dom, I should be spending my time developing other functions other than Te. It's a good point actually, I noticed that Fi-doms I admire didn't really bother with Te to be successful as they are. If anything they cultivated more of their Fi that Te is completely obliterated.

Feel free to not read my linked posts, but just as a last note: if you do, you'll read that it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

And despite some Jungian lip service, Myers understood that, based on her years of data-gathering and psychometric analysis. And she also understood that *dichotomy combinations* were associated with many noteworthy aspects of personality, but that there was nothing particularly special about the combinations that are purportedly associated with the "cognitive functions." In fact, Myers thought of NF/NT/SF/ST as the most significant dichotomy combinations — and it's worth noting that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

So my advice to you would be to not think in terms of "developing" or "cultivating" any "cognitive functions" at all. And again, the reasons why are explained in a lot more detail in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.
Thanks for the heads-up. I haz [posted a comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/IsItBullshit/comments/98kj7g/isitbullshit_myersbriggs_personality_types/e4kuyhx/) in that thread.There've been a number of surveys and studies over the years that pretty consistently correlate an N preference (or its Big Five equivalent) with liberal views and an S preference (or its Big Five equivalent) with conservative views.

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6z015q/is_there_any_legitimate_substantial_information/dmrhrq8/)

I think J/P can also make a contribution, personally, with SJs the likeliest conservatives and NPs the likeliest liberals. And I suspect T/F may also play a role when it comes to at least some issues, with the result that I'd pick STJs to be the most conservative types (on average, of course), and NFPs to be the most liberal.
Understanding a rainbow makes it more beautiful.

Understanding a sausage makes it less beautiful. Also ESFPs, sometimes.

So the answer to your question is, it depends.I made a joke, using my typological opposite.

I hope this satisfies your curiosity.Here are the five MBTI "Step II" E/I facets:

**Initiating**|**Receiving**
:---|:---
— Sociable|— Reserved
— Congenial|— Low-key
— Introduce people|— Are introduced

**Expressive**|**Contained**
:---|:---
— Demonstrative|— Controlled
— Easier to know|— Harder to know
— Self-revealing|— Private

**Gregarious**|**Intimate**
:---|:---
— Want to belong|— Seek intimacy
— Broad circle|— One-on-one
— Join groups|— Find individuals

**Active**|**Reflective**
:---|:---
— Interactive|— Onlooker
— Want contact|— Prefer space
— Listen and speak|— Read and write

**Enthusiastic**|**Quiet**
:---|:---
— Lively|— Calm
— Energetic|— Enjoy solitude
— Seek spotlight|— Seek background

If you want to read the full descriptions of those facets (from the Step II Manual), you can find them in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2505745)
Not with 100% certainty, but it would be a good indicator.Your experience is consistent with the stats I've seen.

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/99lyrs/how_do_you_think_mbti_type_affects_political_views/e4p7cia/)You sound like an INTP to me.

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

A-a-and just in case you're interested, I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension (and it sounds to me like you may be above-average in that department), and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)
&gt; No, it is not. It is almost symmetrically balanced across gender.

According to official MBTI stats (based on a variety of US samples), less than 25% of women are T's, whereas over 40% of men are F's.

Here's a table of [Estimated Frequencies of the Types in the U.S.](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) that also includes separate male and female frequencies.

And here's a [second table (with some supplemental breakdowns)](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp).

And here's a [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) with separate male and female percentages for the individual types and some discussion about possible skews in the samples they've used.

According to the second page, these statistics are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."
&gt; See, I would have faith in those statistics, but by principle they are unreliable. There's no telling which version of typology was used to determine the types of these people. considering that the vast majority of people are mistyped, there's no way to claim these results are accurate, nor is there any way to figure out if they even all used the same methods to establish type.

I think it's safe to assume those were all typings by way of the official MBTI instrument.

And of course some of those were mistypings, but decades of MBTI validity stats make it clear that "the vast majority of people" aren't "mistyped" if it's official MBTI results you're talking about.

It's also important to keep in mind that it's a lot less likely that someone will be mistyped on *one particular* MBTI dimension (in this case, T/F) than on *any one* of the four MBTI dimensions

Meanwhile, the comment of yours that I was responding to asserted that T/F is "almost symmetrically balanced across gender." What's your source for that?

&gt; The "official mbti instrument" is majorly flawed. Given that it is based on Myers and Briggs' manipulations of Jung's original theory, it is not measuring personality type accurately. Consider the J/P dichotomy. It does not measure anything scientific at all.

With all due respect, you have no idea what you're talking about.

Briggs and Myers started (to a large extent) from Jung, but then put Jung to the test using modern psychometric techniques, and went where the data took them. The J/P dichotomy "does not measure anything scientific at all"? Please. The four dichotomies (as officially measured by the MBTI instrument) are psychometrically on a par with the leading Big Five tests — and that applies to J/P to the same extent as the other three.

As McCrae &amp; Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists) have explained:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

And those "indices" are the four MBTI dichotomies, and *identical twins raised in separate households* are substantially more alike on those dimensions than more genetically dissimilar pairs. They're for real.

I recommend that you take a look at [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/)
I linked you to a comment (with a long linked PerC post) that addresses your questions.

The PerC post is also linked to in the subreddit's sidebar. I'd say our differences don't mostly involve a "disagreement on principle" (as you put it). It continues to sound to me like you're misinformed, as a *factual* matter, on the nature of the respectable districts of the MBTI.

As just one example, you seem to think the official MBTI is an "algorithmic" test (whatever that means), and that that distinguishes it from the leading Big Five tests. But you're just wrong about that. The MBTI and the NEO-PI-R are the same *kind* of test, were both developed by subjecting prospective items to modern psychometric standards (as McCrae &amp; Costa, the leading Big Five psychologists, have acknowledged), and the validity and reliability stats for the MBTI and the leading Big Five tests are very much in the same ballpark.

As also discussed in that linked post, tho, it's the dichotomies, and not the functions, that have the respectable empirical support behind them. As McCrae &amp; Costa also noted (approvingly), the real MBTI differs quite a lot from "Jung's original model."
See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/98qq56/is_it_possible_for_an_intp_to_have_high_fi_and/e4iwgul/)All four of the IN types are majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

If you're interested, you can find some further discussion (including Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats) in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)
This thread has been categorized as "Bias against Sensors," and the OP asks, "Do you agree?"

If the question is whether those reddit subscription stats largely reflect a "bias against sensors," then I disagree.

S/N is actually the only MBTI dimension where the overall (male and female together) percentages aren't very close to 50/50, buuut — are you sitting down? — the skew is *in the S direction*. Less than 30% of Americans come out N on the official MBTI, according to [the stats posted by the official MBTI folks.](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm?bhcp=1)

And I don't buy the idea that there's a big N skew in *online tests*. I've been participating in type-me exercises for over eight years now — including seeing lots of people's results on the *official* MBTI — and it's pretty rare, in my experience, for an MBTI forum member to come out N on HumanMetrics or one of the other unofficial online tests and come out S on the official MBTI.

Here are five of the S/N items from the official MBTI — and as I said, the more well-known online tests use items with a similar flavor.

&gt;If you were a teacher, would you rather teach (S) fact courses, or (N) courses involving theory?

&gt;Would you rather be considered (S) a practical person, or (N) an ingenious person?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (N) imaginative, or (S) matter-of-fact?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (S) sensible, or (N) fascinating?

&gt;Would you rather (S) support the established methods of doing good, or (N) analyze what is still wrong and attack unsolved problems?

N's have a tendency to look at those kinds of S/N items and say, ZOMG, they make S's sound sooooo boring! Who the fuck would choose the S responses to those items?!

But again... around 70% of the U.S. population prefers the S responses to those items. Because they're S's.

MBTI forum participation is way skewed toward INs — as *dramatically* illustrated by the PerC and Typology Central stats in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) as well as the reddit subscription stats in the OP. But that's for the same reason that Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all INs: because INs have a substantially greater tendency to be interested in *personality type* than other types.
&gt; I'm curious, and I can't help myself sometimes (and I know you can very easily lie to save face), but what's your highest level of education, how many countries have you travelled to, and how many languages are you profiecient in? I just want it out on the table as to whether you're a coattail rider or fully versed in "the people", that being many people.
&gt; 
&gt; It's interesting you only cite yourself and never progress. It's easy to assume you have zero immersion.

I'm not sure what you mean by "citing" myself. I often link to lengthy posts I've previously made to avoid repeating them in new threads. Is there some reason you think that's an inappropriate thing to do?

And as you certainly know, many issues are MBTI forum *perennials*, but with new threads often made by OPs (and read by others) who are new to the subject (or the issue). If I've got information that could be of interest to some of those new readers, why should the fact that I've provided it in the past prevent me from providing it again?

As a final point, you say I "only cite myself," but I often cite third party sources — as I did in the comment you replied to. Did you leave your integrity in your other pants today?
The enema of your animus is not my friend. I'm pretty sure I read that somewhere.&gt; I'm not going to argue with the points that you make here. You know MBTI better than anyone here. What you say is correct, however, if you get outside of your bubble, you might see the fallacy of your ways. I doubt that you will, but for the sake of argument, let's assume you can. One thing that you should know is that MBTI is heavily skewed towards Delta preferences. This isn't really surprising, given that the test was written by a Delta and we all have our cognitive biases. MBTI has difficulty differentiating between Sensation and Logic and Intuition and Feeling. Rationality and Irrationality, MBTI has abandoned in order to not hurt anyone's feelings. Instead, MBTI has P/J, which is Static/Dynamic in Socionics. The scales here are undifferentiated and unscientific. They have no theory to categorize the data. Te is useless without Ti, and vice-versa. These examples of questions that you are quoting here just illustrates how confused MBTI is in their understanding of the dichotomies, let alone the functions. If you can't figure out the difference between Sensing and Thinking and Intuition and Feeling, you have no business being in the typology world. I know you don't understand what a function is, so I won't waste my breath. You are a pariah in the community and get some upvotes here and there, but no one that knows their ass from their elbow takes you seriously.

For any reader of this thread unfamiliar (not a bad thing, really) with Socionics, jermofo's "Delta" reference is to one of the four Socionics *quadras*. Those quadras are a goofy offshoot of the Harold Grant function stack, and the claim is that INFPs, ENFPs, ISTJs and ESTJs (the Delta quadra) have quite a lot of MBTI-related aspects of "cognition" in common, onnaccounta they're all "Fi/Te" types, and "Ne/Si" types.

And the Grant function stack is certainly forum-famous, but it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

Over 50 years of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with just about everything under the sun (internal and external both), have made it pretty clear that INFPs and ESTJs — like all type pairs who are opposites with respect to all four dichotomies (not to mention all possible dichotomy *combinations*) — have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common* ("cognitive" or otherwise).

As further explained in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to, the notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ESTJ that ESTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

**tl;dr:** "Delta preferences" are in the same category as the Easter bunny, except there's no chocolate.
All four of the IN types are majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

If you're interested, you can find some further discussion (including Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats) in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)
There are lots of issues that come up repeatedly at MBTI forums, often in threads with readers that are relatively new to the subject.

If I've already posted a comment on the issue, why is it "weird ass shit" to link to it, rather than to repeat all the same text in the new thread?Here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88   
INFJ  2.95   
INTP  2.92   
INFP  1.97   
ENTJ  1.56   
ENTP  1.42   
ENFP  1.09   
ENFJ  1.08   
ISTJ  0.68   
ISTP  0.50   
ISFP  0.49   
ISFJ  0.43   
ESTP  0.22   
ESFJ  0.18   
ESTJ  0.12   
ESFP  0.02

Those stats strongly suggest (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.
&gt; That, or maybe Myers just tested them all incorrectly and got an IN result because of how the test is set up and how the people have developed and therefore with give the type of responses to receive an IN result. Nobody has come up with a reliable test at this point, Dave super powers is getting close but until then these results don't really mean anything. I'd like to know how Myers tested the Cal tech science students and came up with those results.

"Nobody has come up with a reliable test" —??

Actually, and contrary to what you sometimes hear from people who haven't done their homework, both the reliability and validity of the official MBTI put it in the same category as the leading Big Five tests.

You'd "like to know how Myers tested the Cal Tech science students?"

By having them take the official MBTI. Duh. How else would you think she would have tested them?

DaveSuperPowers "is getting close" to developing "a reliable test?" Please.

I suggest you clear your mind of all the MBTI misinformation you've somehow managed to fill it with, and take a look at [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/) and the long PerC post that it links to (also linked in this subreddit's sidebar).
&gt;I also suggest that new proponents of MBTI learn the origin of the type indicator and the story of how it was formulated. Consider the source materials from Jung’s book “Psychological Types” and the ideas that Jung was trying to consummate between Freud and Adler. Jung thoroughly qualifies his points with an unyielding epistemological modesty, and honestly many users of MBTI pervert this modesty by using polarizing definitions of types.

Jung "thoroughly qualifies his points with an unyielding epistemological modesty"?

Ya, and I'm the Count of Monte Cristo.

Here's Jung on introverts and extraverts:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

And here he is on T's and F's:

&gt;I was struck by the fact that many people habitually do more thinking than others, and accordingly give more weight to thought when making important decisions. They also use their thinking in order to understand the world and adapt to it, and whatever happens to them is subjected to consideration and reflection or at least subordinated to some principle sanctioned by thought. Other people conspicuously neglect thinking in favour of emotional factors, that is, of feeling. They invariably follow a policy dictated by feeling, and it takes an extraordinary situation to make them reflect. They form an unmistakable contrast to the other type, and the difference is most striking when the two are business partners or are married to each other.

Yeah, baby. Those feeling types "invariably" follow policies that are "dictated" by "emotional factors," and only "reflect" if forced to by "an extraordinary situation."

It's gratifying to read such "thoroughly qualified points," and such "epistemological modesty."

And those are pretty typical Jungian characterizations, as you'll realize if you ever get around to reading him.

If what you want is epistemological modesty, you're much better off with Myers than Jung. She developed the MBTI by putting Jung's original type concepts to the test in a way that Jung never had — using modern psychometric techniques — and she went where the data took her.

I agree with you that "polarizing definitions of types" are inappropriate, buuut reading Jung is hardly the cure for that disease.
That first Jung quote comes from Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types*. (Numbered paragraph 557 of the *Collected Works* edition.)

The second quote comes from a 1928 lecture that was separately published in 1931 and later included in the *Collected Works* edition of *Psychological Types* (where it's numbered paragraph 950).

What are modern psychometric techniques? That's beyond the scope of this thread, but here are McCrae &amp; Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists), briefly explaining how Briggs and Myers got from Jung to the MBTI:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

[(Source.)](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality)
Congratulations, guppy221. I'd say your OP probably has enough misinformation in it to earn you the Ignorant MBTI Post of the Day award.

Starting at the top...

The "low construct validity" that McCrae &amp; Costa discussed in that article you quoted was the failure of the official MBTI instrument to reflect *Jung's original type constructs.* A-a-and as McCrae &amp; Costa explained, that was *bad news for Jungians* but it was *good news for the MBTI*. As they put it:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

Based on their own psychometric analysis and their review of the existing studies, McCrae &amp; Costa ended up *approving* the MBTI. They said the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

Next you talk about "low test-retest reliability," and on top of the fact that your stats are on the low side (Pittenger's a clown; just sayin'), the main mistake you've made is confusing test-retest rates on *single dimensions* with test-retest rates for a *four-letter type*. The overall test-retest stats for the MBTI average more like 60% than 50% — and that's the same as the Big Five!

I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

As further explained in the Harvey article linked to in the next linked comment, both the reliability and the validity of the official MBTI instrument put it essentially "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests (including McCrae &amp; Costa's NEO-PI-R).

Rather than continue on a point-by-point basis (cuz life's short), I'm going to refer you to [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/) and the long PerC post that it links to (also linked in this subreddit's sidebar), which has a lot more discussion of the psychometric respectability of the MBTI, and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI.

On the positive side, you're right to trash the so-called "cognitive functions," which James Reynierse has rightly characterized as a "category mistake" — but what you may not realize, if too much of your MBTI exposure has been by way of bad internet sources (and there are a lot of those), is that, notwithstanding too much lip service to Jung, the *real* MBTI has always been a lot more dichotomy-centric than lots of bamboozled MBTI forumites realize.

If you're interested in quite a bit more discussion of dichotomies-vs.-functions, and the dichotomy-centric history of the MBTI, and what I call the Real MBTI Model, you can find it in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.
Well, but "big five approximation" is an inappropriate characterization if it's intended to imply that MBTI sources (and data)  don't offer lots of respectable insights that Big Five sources either shortchange or miss. And in particular, there's been very little focus by Big Five psychologists on aspects of personality that are affected by two or more preferences *in combination* (what Reynierse refers to as "multidimensionality"). If you're looking to improve your understanding of what things NFs or SJs or ENPs or etc. tend to have in common, or why/how INTJs and ESTJs clash, good luck finding much (or anything) in Big Five sources.

As I noted in the aforementioned PerC post (the one also linked in the sidebar):

&gt;For an ordinary person looking for a typology to help them understand how the personality components that the MBTI and Big Five tap into ... combine to form multiple relatively distinct personalities, and looking for rich descriptions of those personalities, I don't think there's any question that the Big Five can't really compete with the MBTI. There's no Big Five equivalent of Jung's *Psychological Types* or Myers' *Gifts Differing* or Keirsey's *Please Understand Me* or any of the other reasonably well-regarded MBTI sources that are aimed at non-academics
What I like to call the Real MBTI Model — cuz it's the one with the respectable levels of empirical support — is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to. And that model was also Isabel Myers' model to a substantially greater extent than many MBTI forumites realize — because Myers, to her credit, basically went where the data took her.

That linked TC post also explains why any model that says that INFPs and ESTJs have many aspects of personality in common because they're both "Ne/Si" types and "Fi/Te" types is best viewed as (not to put too fine a point on it) a load of rubbish.
&gt; Nor are either defined within the context of social behavior.
&gt; 
&gt; Jung essentially described extraversion as a focus on objects, physical or otherwise, while introversion is a focus on their projection “inwards”.

Here's Jung on introverts and extraverts:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.
He said much, much more about E/I, but he thought the social aspect was a large component, and had a lot to do with why E/I had evolved in the first place.The notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Ti/Fe, Ni/Se and Si/Ne pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common*!

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

There's more [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.
&gt; The dominant/inferior function axis split is consistent with both Jung and Myers, it's just the auxiliary and tertiary functions that folks disagree on.

There's a huge difference between saying the dominant and inferior functions are inimical *opposites* and saying they're a cooperative duo that work together *in tandem*.

It's pretty clear that Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux (for example) was Ni-Ti-Fe-Se, and if you want to read a long discussion about that — with a generous helping of Jung quotes — you'll find it [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

And so you might say, "Well, then, if you're an "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type," just like the HaroldGrantians claim (albeit with a very different function stack).

Buuut there's a big difference between one function *repressing* another and the first function working constructively (in "tandem") with the second. To both Jung and Myers, your unconscious functions typically manifested in a problematic way that made them more like the *opposite* of that same function in the dominant role.

For example, Jung said that, whereas Ne-doms have a knack for sniffing out the latest trends and the ways things could be changed for the better, the inferior Ne of Si-doms tends to exhibit "an amazing flair for all the ambiguous, shadowy, sordid, dangerous possibilities lurking in the background" and has "a dangerous and destructive quality" — with the result that Ne-doms tend to embrace/cause change, while Si-doms tend to fear/resist change.

Similarly, in describing the ways inferior Fi tended to manifest in a Te-dom, Jung described several examples of *unethical behavior* and commented that "only an inferior feeling function, operating unconsciously and in secret, could seduce otherwise reputable men into such aberrations." He said a Te-dom's inferior feelings tend to have "a sultry and resentful character," and to lead the Te-dom to "make negative assumptions about other people."

Describing Fe-doms, Jung said that their inferior thinking tends to be "infantile, archaic [and] negative," and to take the form of "obsessive ideas which are invariably of a negative and depreciatory character," noting that "women of this type have moments when the most hideous thoughts fasten on the very objects most valued by their feelings."

Myers tended to talk about inferior functions in more dichotomous terms — e.g., with N's tending to view/experience S in negative terms. But the second edition of the MBTI Manual (which she co-authored) noted that the types with either form of N as their inferior function — the "ISJ and ESP types" — are prone to view "possibilities" in overly negative terms, and urged MBTI counselors to help them "develop strategies to counteract the 'black cloud effect.'"

So, unlike internet forumites who've put their faith in bad type sources and think that Si-doms and Ne-doms actually have substantial aspects of personality in common onnaccounta they're both "Si-Ne types," Jung and Myers were both inclined to view Si-doms and Ne-doms as pretty much just *opposites*.

But in any case, and at the end of the day, what's more important than what Jung thought or Myers thought is whether the so-called "function axes" *correspond to reality.* And as further explained in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to, the correlational patterns associated with those axes have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun. The notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si," and will therefore tend (*probabilistically speaking*) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that *crosscut the dichotomies* in that counterintuitive way — has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.
Yes.

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)&gt; Something completely unrelated to introversion at its finest.

"Completely unrelated?" Please.

Just in case you're interested, here's a bit of what Carl Jung had to say about introverts and extraverts:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

&gt;Well known passage at the start of his description that's willingly extremely caricatural to try to introduce a difficult new concept to the reader by appealing to common stereotypes. Reading past the introduction is usually a sound idea.

"Reading past the introduction is usually a sound idea" indeed. And it sounds like you haven't done much of that, or you'd know that that "extremely caricatural" introduction is consistent with much, much, much, much more of what Jung had to say about introversion and extraversion throughout *Psychological Types*.

Jung believed that type was a product of *evolution* — and here's part of what he said about why extraversion and introversion had evolved:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation. ... The peculiar nature of the extravert constantly urges him to expend and propagate himself in every way, while the tendency of the introvert is to defend himself against all demands from outside, to conserve his energy by withdrawing it from objects, thereby consolidating his own position. Blake's intuition did not err when he described the two classes of men as "prolific" and "devouring."

Evolution results from *actual reproductive success* — and that's a product of how the organism *behaves*. So as Jung saw it, introversion didn't evolve because Mother Nature wanted a substantial chunk of the human race to *think a certain way*. Introversion evolved because Mother Nature wanted a substantial chunk of the human race to *act a certain way* — and accordingly hardwired introverts with "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while hardwiring extraverts with "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

If you're interested, there's much more on all this — including more Jung quotes — in this two-part introduction to E/I:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)
There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

Anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post (also linked in the sidebar):

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

That post was written in reponse to a *Vox* article, but the multiple points of misinformation it addresses are the same ones that appear over and over in the great internet MBTI-Is-Astrology Echo Chamber.

Among the sources cited in my PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.
&gt; Roughly if we are talking about cognitive functions they should map to regions in the brain. Nardi already proved that. I really don't think this should be a debate :P

You're misinformed. In a [Typology Central thread](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/93318-interview-dario-nardi.html) last December, Nardi explained that *Neuroscience of Personality* "reported on a pilot study. Truly. I can’t emphasize that enough. I 'proved' nothing. I gave some evidence and ideas for how to go about doing research."
&gt; But we can certainly agree that there is some neurological basis from his first work.

If "we" includes me, I'm afraid we can't.&gt; So Nardi found absolutely no evidence that Se users show a nerological pattern ? Is it impossible to replicate his pilot study ?
&gt; 
&gt; Proving the validy of Se is a different thesis from proving Se in the context of MBTI as every type has Se. My guess is nardi implies on proving the latter, as he already found evidence for the former.

If by "Se users," you mean MBTI SPs, I'd be surprised if they don't have neurologically-measurable things in common — although whether EEGs are up to the task very much remains an open question, as I understand it.

But that has nothing to do with whether SPs are alike because they share two dichotomies or because they share one of eight supposed "perceiving functions," so finding neurological similarities among SPs isn't enough to establish a "neurological basis" for "Se."

And on the other hand, if by "Se users," you mean MBTI SPs *and MBTI NJs*, then I think you will wait in vain for the day when Nardi or anybody else is able to establish that SPs and NJs have "Se" things in common. Cuz just between you and me, *they don't*.
Sorry for the Se/Si brainfart. I haz now fixed my last comment.With all due respect, you truly have no idea what you're talking about. You're clearly unfamiliar with what both Jung and Myers said, not to mention decades of research on introversion.

Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about introversion and extraversion than he spent talking about all eight of the so-called "cognitive functions" put together. And he couldn't have been more clear that he believed that a characteristic *fearfulness* and *defensiveness* and *avoidance* in the face of other people (not to mention inanimate aspects of the world) went to the heart of what it meant to be an introvert, and was a large part of the reason that introversion had evolved in the way it did.

And again, there's much more on all this, with a hearty helping of Jung quotes, in that two-part comment I already linked you to.

You're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts. Whether Jung was right or wrong about this or that can be an opinion, but right or wrong, what Jung *actually said about introversion* is a fact. Ditto for what Myers said. Ditto for what decades of research on introversion has indicated.

The only place you're going to find somebody asserting that the socially avoidant behavior described in the OP is "completely unrelated" to introversion (as you did) is if you're attending to someone who's decided (for whatever reason) to define "introversion" in an idiosyncratic way that's very much inconsistent with how it was used by Jung (who coined the term), and by Myers, and by the E/I items on the official MBTI — the majority of which relate to the social aspects of E/I.
Among other possible contributors, where somebody comes down on the *how MBTI correlates with intelligence* issue depends partly on how they want to define "intelligence," and partly on whether they're more interested in being politically correct or in looking at actual data.

Anyone interested in some large-sample stats from the MBTI Manual can find those [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8io29d/correlation_between_functions_and_qi/dytmc0m/)
&gt; There is indeed a passage, (I will need to find it) in one of his lectures where he explains the auxiliary function is the opposite attitude than the dominant.

I don't know if we're dealing with an ignorance problem or an integrity problem here, but your OP and posts in this thread are way off in countless respects in terms of Jung's views.

In any case, I'm sure looking forward to you following up with a cite to that "passage" in one of his "lectures" where he says the auxiliary has the opposite attitude to the dominant.
I regret to inform you that that official MBTI website you linked to does, in fact, discuss type dynamics (see [here](https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/understanding-mbti-type-dynamics/)) — although it doesn't endorse the forum-famous Harold Grant function stack.

But Reynierse is correct that the eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that are much discussed at MBTI forums are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake," and that every aspect of *type dynamics* that goes beyond what he calls preference multidimensionality (and I call the Real MBTI Model) has miserably failed to find any respectable level of support — and anyone who's interested can find a discussion that's easier to digest than Reynierse's article (if I do say so myself) in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.
I understand the Big Five is more highly regarded in macademia.Just so you know, the forum-famous model that says that INTJ=Ni-Te-Fi-Se and INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe (and ZOMG, INTJs and INTPs have *no functions in common*) is the Harold Grant function stack — and it's a model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a by-product of the Grant model, and it's nonsense.

If you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, and the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.
[This comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) may help you put things in perspective.Just so you know, the notion that INTJs and INTPs are, like, *opposites*, man, because they have *no functions in common* is (not to put too fine a point on it) a steaming heap of donkey dookie.

It's based on a function model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — which is perfectly understandable since, unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that model has no meaningful empirical support (and never will).

For a more detailed takedown of the idea that when you cross that magic line from J to P, it *flips all your functions*, see [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)

And for a more general discussion of the bogosity of that function model, plus a link to further input on how to (really) tell J's from P's, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.
Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together, but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle on E/I than were significantly extraverted or introverted — and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

Myers likewise distinguished between people with mild and strong preferences, and allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. What's more, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

So if anyone tells you that ambiversion is somehow inconsistent with the MBTI, you can tell them that they're misinformed.

And on the issue of *social* introversion/extraversion, and speaking of Jung, it may interest you to know that Jung thought introversion and extraversion were products of evolution, and that one of the main reasons they'd evolved was so that introverts would tend to have a fearful/defensive attitude toward their fellow humans, while extraverts would have an opposite tendency, and be drawn to connect/interact with others.

And although Jung was the one who coined the terms, introversion/extraversion have been much studied since, including by both MBTI typologists and lots of other psychologists. And wherever you look in the respectable districts of personality psychology — including the respectable districts of the MBTI — you'll virtually always find that their E/I conceptions include social components in the mix.

For a longer discussion of what E/I's about — including a hearty helping of Jung quotes — see this two-part comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

I'm sorry to spoil your pissing party, but you're badly misinformed.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post (which is also linked in the sidebar):

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

That post was written in reponse to a *Vox* article, but the multiple points of misinformation it addresses are the same ones that appear over and over in the great internet MBTI-Is-Astrology Echo Chamber.

Among the sources cited in my PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.
You're a deep well of misinformation, stranger101, and among other problems, you've completely misunderstood those McCrae &amp; Costa passages you pointed to in your follow-up comments.

The "low construct validity" that McCrae &amp; Costa discussed in that article was the failure of the official MBTI instrument to reflect *Jung's original type constructs.* A-a-and as McCrae &amp; Costa explained, that was *bad news for Jungians* but it was *good news for the MBTI*. As they put it:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

Based on their own psychometric analysis and their review of the existing studies, McCrae &amp; Costa ended up *approving* the MBTI, and said the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other.

The idea that Big Five conscientiousness correlates with various career choices but MBTI J/P doesn't is ludicrous, since — as McCrae &amp; Costa acknowledged — they're tapping into the *same personality dimension*, and the MBTI — as McCrae &amp; Costa also acknowledged — is doing a very respectable job of that.

As I already noted, and in addition to approving the MBTI from a psychometric standpoint, McCrae &amp; Costa also recommended that their fellow Big Fivers review the large body of existing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

What's more, McCrae &amp; Costa specifically pointed to — wait for it — *MBTI career data*.

So somebody's confused about whether the MBTI meaningfully correlates with career choices. I wonder if it's McCrae &amp; Costa or stranger101.

The MBTI has been a very popular typology for a long time now. So it would be surprising, would it not, especially given the way the internet works (and fails to work), if there weren't lots of people on the internet with misinformed views about the MBTI's history and scientific status, not to mention lots of people who've come up with additions, variations, and other "dialects" (your term) of the MBTI. And there's no question that many aspects of many of those "MBTIs" deserve to be viewed as akin to astrology.

But if you think that the fact that there's a lot of nonsense out there cloaking itself in the MBTI label makes the respectable districts of the MBTI any less real/valid/meaningful, you're wrong.
&gt; magically also "meaningfully correlates with career choices." A claim you decided to make because it was convenient?

???

When it comes to the four dimensions the typologies share, the "predictive capabilities" of the Big Five are not essentially different than those of the MBTI, which is why it's no surprise that McCrae &amp; Costa specifically pointed to the value of MBTI *career studies.*

*Neither* the Big Five nor the MBTI can "predict" what career any particular individual will end up in, or whether any particular individual will succeed in whatever career they may choose.

Personality typologies, by their very nature, deal with *tendencies* and *probabilities*.

If you assume, as McCrae &amp; Costa did, and as I do, that Big Five conscientiousness and MBTI J/P, despite the various differences in the way they specifically characterize those dimensions, are tapping into the same real, substantially genetic, underlying thing, then it's ludicrous (as I previously noted) to assert that typing someone as medium-high in conscientiousness says "predictive" things about the *probability* that they'll end up in Career X, or succeed at Career X, while typing them as having a medium-high J preference fails to have the same "predictive capabilities."

I assume that the notion that the Big Five has "predictive capabilities" and the MBTI doesn't is just some rubbish you've picked up from some poor internet sources. It's certainly not what McCrae &amp; Costa concluded — based on, you know, the data. And again, how could that even make sense, assuming the Big Five and MBTI are essentially tapping into the same core personality clusters?

Here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88   
INFJ  2.95   
INTP  2.92   
INFP  1.97   
ENTJ  1.56   
ENTP  1.42   
ENFP  1.09   
ENFJ  1.08   
ISTJ  0.68   
ISTP  0.50   
ISFP  0.49   
ISFJ  0.43   
ESTP  0.22   
ESFJ  0.18   
ESTJ  0.12   
ESFP  0.02

Stat spectrums that orderly — not to mention that dramatically lopsided — are what you call a personality psychologist's dream. What they indicate (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) is that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.

That's the kind of data McCrae &amp; Costa were referring to when they praised the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature."

Keeping in mind that twin studies indicate that the four dimensions of personality that the MBTI and Big Five share are substantially genetic, the results of that study suggest that there are relatively hardwired dimensions of personality that can make a person of one type (e.g., an INTJ) something like *30 times more likely* than another type (an ESTJ) to end up as a science major at Cal Tech.

Again, does that mean that the MBTI can "predict" than any particular INTJ will end up as a science major, or that any particular INTJ who does go into science will succeed? Of course not, and the Big Five can't make those kinds of *individual case* predictions either.

But can the MBTI "predict" that any suitably large sample of science majors will show substantial skews (as compared to the general population) in the N (especially) and I directions? Yes, it can, and those are the same kinds of *probabilistic* predictions that the Big Five can make.
&gt; The community has definitely taken MBTI too far; some variations of MBTI are akin to astrology, as you said, and some outright combine MBTI with the zodiac.
&gt; 
&gt; Does this make the "legitimate" branches of MBTI any worse? No, but it undermines the importance of scientific research because it can't be applied to MBTI as a whole. Conclusions may be real, valid, and meaningful, but only if applied to one specific variation of MBTI.
&gt; 
&gt; You distinguish "respectable" districts from "nonsense" ones, but the difference isn't always clear. Are some variations of MBTI absolute garbage? Yes, absolutely, but most lie somewhere in between, and despite disagreement, no branch is necessarily wrong.
&gt; 
&gt; You, for example, are loyal to dichotomic MBTI and oppose the "Harold Grant" function stack. Many in the scientific community prefer the dichotomy, but on this Subreddit, the majority of the community accepts cognitive functions to some degree. I believe this comes down to personal preference and what one values. What branch should one believe in? The first branch one is introduced to? Jung's original, unmodified ideas? What the majority of the community believes? What your favorite YouTuber tells you? What your favorite website says?
&gt; 
&gt; To summarize, I disagree with the idea that there's a correct way to interpret MBTI, and that one gets to decide what's correct and what isn't.

No, FearTigerleap, the difference between typological categories with at least *some* respectable degree of validity and typological categories with *no* established validity doesn't come down to "personal preference and what one values."

Lots of people "value" the zodiac, but that doesn't mean that there's ever been any respectable degree of empirical support for the notion that Capricorns have aspects of personality in common that distinguish them from the 11 "types" born at other times of the year.

Did you look at those Cal Tech science-major stats I posted in this thread? There are decades of MBTI data pools showing that, unlike being a Capricorn, being an I, E, S, N, T, F, J or P meaningfully correlates with substantial aspects of personality.

And the same goes for every dichotomy combination. NTs have things in common, as do SJs and SPs and INs and so on.

And if somebody wants to use function-speak and talk about things that "Fe types" have in common — well, as long as they're talking about FJs, and to the extent that the "Fe" description they're using sticks to aspects of personality that MBTI FJs do indeed have in common, then at least they're saying real (valid) things about real people, even if their theoretical framing may involve a "category mistake" (to use Reynierse's phrase).

But on the other hand, if somebody's both using function-speak *and* they're talking about the things that INFPs and ESTJs have in common — as, you know, fellow "Ne/Si types" and "Fi/Te types" — then they're talking about type groupings that have no more validity than the zodiac. And the lack of validity of those "function axes" isn't the result of somebody's, like, "personal preference" or "values," man. The function axes are rightly characterized as lacking validity because decades of MBTI data pools, correlating the types with everything under the sun, have failed to find a single damn "Ne" thing or "Si" thing that NPs and SJs tend to have in common (and that distinguishes them from the NJs and SPs), or a single damn "Fi" or "Te" thing that FPs and TJs tend to have in common (and that distinguishes them from the FJs and TPs). 

And I assume you've probably read them already, but for any reader who's new to my posts, a lot more discussion of the respectable and goofball districts of the MBTI can be found in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.
The official MBTI folks have lots of data on which types are most often found (and report being satisfied) in which job categories, and they use their stats to put out a Career Report for each type. Those aren't free, but if you do some googling, you'll find that there are sample versions online for quite a few of the types.

[Here's an official MBTI page](https://www.capt.org/using-type/workplace.htm?bhcp=1) that talks about the career areas that each type tends to gravitate to (and avoid).
People who say ambiversion is inconsistent with the MBTI, or inconsistent with Jung, truly have no idea what they're talking about.

Believe it or not, Jung said that more people were ambiverts than were either introverted or extraverted. And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions. And the Step II MBTI divides each dimension into five facets, and says that someone can come down on the extraverted side (for example) of one or more facets and the introverted side of the rest — not to mention in what they refer to as the "mid-zone."

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9twtwh/how_would_an_ambivert_fit_into_the_mbti_system/e8zuz2g/)

Before you give up, maybe have a look [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)&gt;mbti is not remotely similar to how big 5 was created. no one that understands psychometrics or statistics can take the mbti seriously.

You're misinformed. The leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae and Costa) long ago addressed the MBTI's critics, and explained that the MBTI was respectable, and that it was respectable because Myers had put Jung to the test using modern psychometric techniques and gone where the data took her.

A review of previous studies, supplemented by a new 11,000-subject study, led Robert Harvey to conclude (in 2003) that the MBTI was psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests (e.g., the NEO-PI-R).

If you're interested, you can find a lot more discussion, and relevant citations, in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mzukq/thoughts_on_the_video_why_the_myersbriggs_test_is/dry0edv/) and the long PerC post that it links to (also linked in this subreddit's sidebar).
Because, as McCrae &amp; Costa long ago noted, each typology has things to teach the other.

Maybe try a little harder to understand if your dismissive attitudes toward things you really don't know very much about could use a little reconsideration.

Thanks.Cuz everybody who's anybody knows that likert scales are just obviously and completely superior to forced-choice formats, and people who use forced-choice only do it cuz they're stoopidy-doopidy-heads, right, mitreddit?

Thanks for bringing your keen insights into the world of personality psychology to this humble reddit thread.
[This link](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) works for me.One thing that it's important for a newcomer to understand is that a lot of online MBTI discussions revolve around the Harold Grant function stack — which is the one that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te, INFJ=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs share three out of four preferences buuut they have *no functions in common!*

Subscribers to that model often point to it as if it's "the MBTI," or as if it reflects Jung's original typology — but in fact, that stack is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a by-product of the Grant model, and it's nonsense.

If you're ever in the mood for a hefty helping of input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability, and the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack, you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.
Here's another link:

[https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Hierarchical-Confirmatory-Factor-Analysis-of-the-Bess-Harvey/45f0fb587c5c54e4f2c9bc17c426576b8d23c61b](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Hierarchical-Confirmatory-Factor-Analysis-of-the-Bess-Harvey/45f0fb587c5c54e4f2c9bc17c426576b8d23c61b)

Click on the **View Paper** button that's a little ways down the page on the right.
It's confusing, isn't it?

Well, for what it's worth, it may interest you to know that Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with an F-aux was Ni-Fi-Te-Se, and for an Fi-dom with an N-aux was Fi-Ni-Se-Te.

And it's true that Myers came up with a function model that says that if your dom is introverted, your aux is extraverted, but she acknowledged that that "interpretation" of Jung was inconsistent with the vast majority (*all but one*, she said) of Jung scholars. And more importantly, Myers was mostly about the dichotomies, and believed that an INFP had more in common with an INFJ than with their fellow (supposed) "Fi-doms" (ISFPs).

And Myers was right about that, as it happens.

Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs and INTPs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are supposedly Ni-Fe-Ti-Se.

And in any case, it will certainly aid you in your own typing project if you can avoid being led off the rails by the kind of faulty online type analysts who'll tell you (for example) that *deep down inside*, INFJs are more like ISTPs than INFPs, cuz INFJs and ISTPs use the *same four functions*, while INFJs and INFPs have *no functions in common*.

For more on all this, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.
&gt;Big post alert!
&gt;
&gt;If you read up on cognitive functions, you'll learn that INFPs and INFJs actually don't share any. That means that they are pretty different in outward presentation and in cognitive patterns.

Big reply alert!

Just so you know, the model that says that INFJs and INFPs have *no functions in common* is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and that's no surprise, since the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

Speaking psychometrically, the notion that an INFP has "tertiary Si" — and will therefore tend to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit — is a typological assertion that has no more *validity* than the notion that two people born at the same time will have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

You've said that an INFP's *tertiary Si* makes them *deeply nostalgic*. And it's true that a typical INFP is sometimes nostalgic — buuut so are most of us, *sometimes*. And type isn't about the way people are *sometimes*. The $64,000 question for believers in the Fi-Ne-Si-Te stack is: are INFPs substantially more prone to nostalgia than INFJs, and are INFJs rarely nostalgic? And the answer is no.

And I'm not meaning to endorse Jung's function model, but in case you're interested, Jung's stack for an Fi-dom with an N-aux was Fi-Ni-Se-Te, and his stack for an Ni-dom with an F-aux was Ni-Fi-Te-Se. So Jung certainly wasn't of the view that those two types had little in common in the *cognitive functions* department.

And Myers was really dichotomy-centric for the most part, and paid almost no attention to the tertiary and inferior functions — but more to the point, she thought that the most significant type foursomes, in terms of having similar personalities, were the NFs, the NTs, the SFs and the STs.

So for somewhat different reasons, but based on their years of observations, both Jung and Myers were of the view that INFJs and INFPs had quite a lot more in common that good old Harold Grant's stack has led too many bamboozled forumites to believe.

A-a-and that's probably a big enough reply, but if you're interested, more discussion of the bogosity of the Grant stack can be found [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
As it sounds like you understand, and contrary to some of the bad type analysis often encountered on the internet, INTJs and INTPs have a lot in common, and are arguably more similar to each other than either is to any other type. So it's no surprise that much of the description in your OP is stuff that's characteristic (or at least not particularly uncharacteristic) of both types.

Overall, tho, I ended up with a mild INTJ lean.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And you shouldn't necessarily rule out the middle (INTx) possibility — and if anybody tries to tell you that's impossible (*because functions*), you may want to look at [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961)
A lot of people whose exposure to Jung is mostly limited to what they hear on MBTI forums or other not-so-great internet sources — \*cough\* C.S. Joseph \*cough\* — think Jung's typology is all about your so-called "cognitive functions," not those silly/superficial "dichotomies," and that Myers was the one who came up with the dichotomies, and that the dichotomies are best viewed as little more than a set of reasonably testable attributes that need to be *decoded* to reveal your all-important "functions."

Buuut FYI, Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the many things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together. And in the Foreword to a 1934 edition of the book, he bemoaned the fact that too many people were inclined to view Chapter X as the essence of the book, and explained that he'd put the eight specific "function-type" descriptions at the end of the book for a reason.

I'm not a John Beebe fan, but he certainly characterized Jung's perspective accurately when he said:

&gt;It was C.G. Jung, of course, who introduced the language we use today: words such as *function* and *attitude*, as well as his highly specific names for the four functions of our conscious orientation (*thinking, feeling, sensation, intuition*), and the two attitudes through which those orientations are deployed (*introversion* and *extraversion*).  
&gt;...  
&gt;For Jung the attitude type was the primary thing, and the function type a kind of subsomething that expressed that attitude in a particular way. Accordingly, he organized his general description of the types in terms of the attitudes, describing first "the peculiarities of the basic psychological functions in the *extraverted* attitude" and then going on to "the peculiarities of the basic psychological functions in the *introverted* attitude."

I'd respectfully suggest that if you *really* want to understand the "truths" about the MBTI (and Jung), you'd do well to stop watching C.S. Joseph videos, read *Psychological Types*, and read *Gifts Differing*.

Until then, I'm afraid one of the "harsh truths" about coolerstuff10 is that you're far too uninformed to be purporting to enlighten your fellow redditors about either Jung or the MBTI.

Oh, and by the way, if you're disinclined to read Myers because you think she dealt in superficial "stereotypes," while Jung was about the "real depth psychology" (as you put it), let me assure you that if it's cartoonishly over-the-top behavioral stereotypes you're looking for, you'll actually find more of those in Jung.

Here's Jung on introverts and extraverts:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

And here he is on T's and F's:

&gt;I was struck by the fact that many people habitually do more thinking than others, and accordingly give more weight to thought when making important decisions. They also use their thinking in order to understand the world and adapt to it, and whatever happens to them is subjected to consideration and reflection or at least subordinated to some principle sanctioned by thought. Other people conspicuously neglect thinking in favour of emotional factors, that is, of feeling. They invariably follow a policy dictated by feeling, and it takes an extraordinary situation to make them reflect. They form an unmistakable contrast to the other type, and the difference is most striking when the two are business partners or are married to each other.

And those are pretty typical Jungian characterizations, as you'll realize if you ever get around to reading him.
My first comment talked about Jung and the dichotomies. Here's some supplemental information for you on Jung's function stack.

Your OP urges your fellow redditors to learn about what "Papa Jung" taught — but you've been making multiple comments in reddit threads where you talk about your Si and your Fe, and tell others that if they can "access" Fi, then they can't be an ENTP, and so on. 

FYI, *Papa Jung's* function stack for an Ne-dom with a T-aux was Ne-Te-Fi-Si. And if you're interested, you can read all about that [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

And I'm not endorsing Jung's model (or any other "function stack"), but it's kinda goofy (not to put too fine a point on it) for you to be going around reverently referring to "Papa Jung," on the one hand, while touting the very non-Jungian Harold Grant function stack on the other.

And as a final note... the Grant stack, on top of being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, is also utterly lacking in any respectable body of empirical support — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

A harsh truth perhaps, but the truth nonetheless.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.
So are we pals now, or are you just toying with my trickster Fe?I blame your parents.Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)

"Both [extraverts and introverts] are capable of *enthusiasm*. What fills the extravert's heart flows out of his mouth, but the enthusiasm of the introvert is the very thing that seals his lips."

— Carl Jung
Identical twins are more likely to have matching types than less-genetically-similar pairs, because it's well established that all four of the MBTI preferences are substantially genetic. (More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/))

Buuut let's say you assume that identical twins are 75% likely to match on any dimension (and remember that one reason for non-matches could be mistyping). That would mean that the odds of identical twins having the same *four-letter type* would only be 32% (.75 \* .75 \* .75 \* .75).

Even if you assume the odds of matching on each dimension are 80%, the four-letter-match odds only go up to 41%.
SJs generally aren't filthy. They tend to do pretty well in the hygiene dept.Pissing on sensors' memes is being nice to them? Pssh.

Pssh, I say.Me, too.Lots of online MBTI discussions revolve around the Harold Grant function stack — which is the one that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te, INFJ=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs share three out of four preferences buuut they have *no functions in common!*

And subscribers to that model often point to it as if it's "the MBTI," or as if it reflects Jung's original typology — but in fact, that stack is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a by-product of the Grant model, and it's nonsense.

If you're interested in reading more about the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.
The best way to "understand" the eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that people like Linda Berens love to talk about is to *understand* that they've been rightly characterized by James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) — as a "category mistake."

For a longform discussion of why, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.

I hate to break it to you, but you've been taken for a ride.

Are you sitting down?

INFJs and ESTPs have *no MBTI-related aspects of personality in common*.

Take any MBTI preference combination (e.g., NJ) and flip the two preferences, and you get a foursome (the SPs, in this case) that, to the extent that the NJs are the types that are the *most* X, are sure to be the types that are the *least* X.

That's the way every MBTI preference combination — including the eight that purportedly line up with the so-called "cognitive functions" — actually plays out here on Planet Reality.

In over 50 years of MBTI data pools, correlating type with everything under the sun  — internal and external both, and including countless aspects of personality as separately measured by lots of other established personality instruments — there has never been a single freaking aspect of personality (*cognitive* or otherwise)
that NJs and SPs tend to have in common (and that distinguishes them from the NPs and SJs), or a single damn "Fi" or "Te" thing that FPs and TJs tend to have in common (and that distinguishes them from the FJs and TPs).

The so-called "quadrant" groupings arise from the Harold Grant function stack, and that function stack is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And that lack of endorsement isn't hard to understand, because the most important thing to know about the Grant stack isn't that it's inconsistent with Jung or inconsistent with Myers, but rather that, as already noted, it's *inconsistent with reality.*

Anybody hungry for some further discussion — hey, it's the weekend! — of the respectable and goofball districts of the MBTI can find it in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.
See [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9et7ol/do_you_agree/) (from September).

Also [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9et7ol/do_you_agree/e5rndsd/) from that same thread.
&gt; These people often appear to behave very rationally and indifferent on the outside, but that's just because they reject most of reality.

Yeah, baby. ISJs "reject most of reality." You don't get much more head-in-the-cloudsy than one of those dreamy ISTJs, do you?

FYI, the modern characterizations of Si that the MBTI *functionistas* (e.g., Berens and Nardi) came up with to associate with MBTI SJs bear little resemblance to Jung's Si descriptions — and in fact, are more like the *opposite* of Jung's Si descriptions in many ways.

And that makes sense, actually, cuz Jung's Si descriptions are actually a *very poor match* for MBTI SJs.

If you're interested in a longform discussion of the differences between Jung's "Si" and the revamped version, you can find it [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8mbmib/deciphering_psychological_types_1_si/dzmh9mz)

The OP said:

&gt; Even better if you can explain how different it is for SFJs and STJs

If you think Jung's Si types don't line up with MBTI SJs, you neglected to mention that.

See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8mbmib/deciphering_psychological_types_1_si/dzmnwc1/) and the two follow-up comments in that exchange.

As a general matter, Jung's "irrational types" (i.e., P-doms) match up better with MBTI P's than with *extraverted P's and introverted J's* (Myers' reframing, which she acknowledged put her at adds with all but one of the leading Jung scholars).

As a final note, tho, and as I said in the [longest of my linked comments](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/):

&gt;Not only does Jung's [Si-dom] portrait bear little resemblance to a typical IS_J, I think anyone not inclined to treat Jung with too much reverence would have to agree that Jung's portrait bears little resemblance to any significantly numerous group of normal-range people who've ever walked the face of the earth.
NTs are the likeliest scientist types by a pretty wide margin, but hardly the *only* types found in science. I think it's fair to say that at least *some* people with each of the 16 types can be found in almost any profession.

The official MBTI folks put out Career Reports that show the popularity for each type of "22 broad occupational categories," based on "a sample of more than 92,000 people in 282 jobs who said they were satisfied with their jobs."

Here's the type-order ranking (with associated job satisfaction scores) for the *Life, Physical, and Social Sciences* category:

INTJ 100  
INTP 100  
ENTJ 99  
ENTP 87  
INFJ 70  
ISTJ 64  
ENFJ 58  
INFP 54  
ENFP 53  
ISFJ 32  
ESFJ 32  
ESTJ 29  
ESTP 29  
ISFP 24  
ESFP 19  

(I don't have the ISTP score.)
&gt;1) what we refer to as the tertiary function, he considers to be the auxiliary function
&gt;
&gt;2) the auxiliary function is neither stronger nor weaker than the tertiary, but rather equal. The dominant function will prefer the auxiliary function (or, in our terms, the tertiary), but when the auxiliary and tertiary functions are in conflict, the psyche is unable to determine a winner, which forces the inferior function to take temporary hold of the psyche in what we call Grip (though Jung had no name for this, at least from what I've read so far)

Um, what?

Nothing that you've quoted supports either of those points.

Jung's function stack for a typical Ti-dom with an N-aux (for example) was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe. He referred to Ti and Ni as the "conscious functions," and Se and Fe as the "unconscious functions." And he believed that the tertiary Se function (again, in the typical case) would essentially serve as *the inferior Fe's auxiliary*, just as Ni served as the dominant Ti's auxiliary.

That was his view of the situation in 1921, when he wrote *Psychological Types*, and it remained his view in 1952, when he described the same model in *Individual Dream Symbolism in Relation to Alchemy.*

For a much longer discussion, with quotes, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)
In the Preface to *Gifts Differing*, Isabel Myers said that she was an INFP and her mother (Katharine Briggs) was an INFJ.Although confused MBTI forumites often point to the Grant stack as if it's "the MBTI," or as if it reflects Jung's original typology, the undeniable *fact* is that that stack is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

The notion that, if you're a "Ti type," you're also an "Fe type" — and ditto for the Te/Fi, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is also a by-product of the Grant model, and it's nonsense.

If you're interested in reading more about the unbearable bogosity of the tandems (among other things), you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.
I've been participating in type-me threads at MBTI forums for almost 10 years, and it's not infrequently the case that one or more of the self-appointed advisors isn't any more knowledgeable/competent/etc. in the typing department (or less so) than the OP.

Buuut... so what?

One of the main reasons MBTI forums exist is so people can discuss what the various types are like, and there's no keeping the uninformed and misinformed out of those discussions, and sometimes they learn stuff — and sometimes when somebody who's more knowledgeable corrects one of the goofballs' posts, other readers of the thread learn from that (even if the goofball doesn't see the light).

*Type-me threads*, at their best, offer one major advantage over threads where there's just abstract discussion about what X or Y types are like — namely, that there's a *live specimen* there who can describe themselves and answer questions.

And the fact that there are one or more "bad at typing" advisors participating in the thread doesn't undercut that advantage at all.

And type-me threads don't exist strictly for the benefit of the OPs. They're one more vehicle for any other redditor who's interested to ponder type issues, debate other posters about type issues, etc.

All four of the IN types are majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

And nooooooo, it's not because of *mistyping*.

Want the real explanation? You'll find it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) (along with some eye-opening Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats).
You "read that," did you? Where did you read that, pray tell?

70% of people (approx.) come out S on the MBTI, and that's according to the official MBTI folks.I'm not agreeing with you at all.My source, as I said, is the official MBTI folks.

Here's a table of [Estimated Frequencies of the Types in the U.S.](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) that also includes separate male and female frequencies.

And here's a [second table (with some supplemental breakdowns)](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp).

And here's a [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) with separate male and female percentages for the individual types and some discussion about possible skews in the samples they've used.

According to the second page, these statistics are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."
&gt;What does mistyping have to do with this?

???

You're the one telling us that the reason there are so many INTJs here is that a boatload of the "INTJs" are really other types and have mistyped themselves.&gt; All this shows is that the official MBTI folks (CPP Inc) claim that sensing types are more common. There's no compelling reason to believe they are correct. In fact, they are almost certainly wrong and the split is more or less 50/50, just as it is with the other Jungian dichotomies.
&gt; 
&gt; tl;dr CPP data is bogus

"No compelling reason" other than decades of data gathered using an instrument that's been found to be psychometrically ["on a par"](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) with the leading Big Five tests.

Tune in tomorrow, when nefnaf will explain why there's "no compelling reason" not to believe in zodiac-based personality typings, cuz psychometric validity is for killjoys.
&gt; being two types would imply that you don't have a single dominant preferred function, which is theoretically impossible

It may interest you to know that Carl Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

So... Mr. Jung certainly didn't think it was "theoretically impossible" to lack "a single dominant preferred function."

Myers also allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any of the dimensions. The current version assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. On top of that, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the T side (for example) of some of them and the F side of the rest.

So I don't think it makes much sense to tell someone who thinks they're middlish and/or mixedish on one or more of the MBTI dimensions that that's *inconsistent with the theory.*
&gt; You are missing the point.
&gt; 
&gt; On the Big 5 test, whether someone is considered "Introverted" or "Extraverted" depends their percentile score. Greater than 50th percentile - extravert. Below 50th percentile - introvert. By definition the test is calibrated to be 50/50, with the ideal scenario being no correlation between the different subscores.
&gt; 
&gt; The MBTI folks never really explain their methodology or how they calibrate their test in order to achieve the fabled 70/30 split. Their methodology is clearly not the same as the one used by big 5

You're misinformed.

First of all, "Big Five" is a big, loose umbrella, and there's a lot of variation in where "Big Five" theorists come down on many, many issues.

Sometimes Big Five factors get framed as if they're basically just more or less of some *one* thing, and sometimes they get framed as tugs in opposite directions, as MBTI dimensions are most often described.

As an example of the latter, McCrae &amp; Costa (the NEO-PI-R authors) say that that people on one side of the Agreeableness dimension are "fundamentally altruistic, ... sympathetic to others and eager to help them, and believe that others will be equally helpful in return," while the people on the other side are "skeptical of others' intentions, and competitive rather than cooperative."

A-a-and if you can point me to a respectable Big Five source that asserts that, holy moly, with respect to each of those opposite-tug thangs, it simply must be the case that the evolutionary forces that caused that personality variation to be favored in the first place also dictated that there be *an equal number of people on both sides*, I'll be surprised.

And in any case, the only really respectable perspective at this point is that, at this early stage in the development of personality psychology, nobody really knows for sure to what extent it's going to turn out that any particular dimension is a purely opposite-tugs thing, or a purely more-or-less-of-something thing, or maybe a somewhat messy mix of both kinds of things — or how close to 50/50 the dividing line is going to turn out to be with respect to whatever aspects of personality turn out to be opposite-tugs things.

The 70/30 (approximately) place where the official MBTI folks have (at this point) drawn the S/N line is based on the fact that the items on the official MBTI are *forced choice* and largely framed in opposite-tugs terms, and that approximately twice as many people favor the S side of those items as favor the N side.
&gt; My point was just that there is no clear precedent for assigning a person two types.

I don't frame type in function-centric terms — and if you take a look at the posts linked below, you'll learn that
 it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.

In any case, I'm not inclined to think of somebody being in the middle on one or more dimensions as having "two types." Both individual preferences, and combinations of two or more preferences, give people what you might call *temperamental tugs* of various kinds, and somebody who has only three significant preferences, or two significant preferences, has fewer of those tugs.

So, for example, if the Real MBTI Model for an ENTJ looks like this...

ENTJ = E + N + T + J + EN + ET + EJ + N + NJ + TJ + ENT + ENJ + ETJ + NTJ + ENTJ

... then the Real MBTI Model for an ENxJ looks like this...

ENxJ = E + N + J + EN + EJ + N + NJ + ENJ
&gt;Failure to adequately support type dynamics does not disprove its existence, it just suggests more studies are needed to target that question (not just retrospective studies of previously collected data).

When you correlate the types against something, the correlational patterns that show up (if any) *are what they are*. They don't depend on what "hypothesis" might have been in the mind of whoever was rounding up the data.

For over 50 years now, official MBTI results have been correlated with everything under the sun — internal and external both, and including countless aspects of personality as separately measured by lots of other established personality instruments.

And the correlational patterns associated with the "function axes" (for example) have *never shown up* in any non-random number of data pools.

There isn't a single "Si" aspect of personality where SJs *and NPs* end up on one side of the correlational spectrum and SPs and NJs end up on the other.

And the same is true for the "tandem"-related groupings associated with Se, and Ni, and Ne, and Ti, and Te, and Fi, and Fe.

Not a single blessed aspect of personality — cognitive, attitudinal, behavioral, or otherwise — has ever lined up with those HaroldGrantian *function axis* groupings.

And that is what psychometricians call an *utter lack of validity*.

It's the same level of validity that zodiac-based personality typologies have. And typologists who subscribe to the function axes deserve the same level of attention from intelligent forumites as typologists who subscribe to the zodiac.

And at this point, saying that maybe "more studies" will someday uncover those *type-dynamical* correlational patterns that the existing 50 years of correlational studies have utterly failed to substantiate is truly no different than a zodiac diehard saying, just wait, just wait, all the zodiac needs is "more studies."

Don't hold your breath.
Just in case anybody cares, "extraversion" is really the preferred spelling.

Jung coined the term, and later referred to the "extroversion" alternative as "bad Latin."

A-a-and it's "extraversion" in most MBTI sources (including official sources), and Big Five sources.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion/)
I wear my red lines as badges of honor.As long ago acknowledged by the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa), the MBTI is effectively tapping into four of the Big Five dimensions, and Isabel Myers got there years before there really was a "big five."

McCrae &amp; Costa also acknowledged that each typology might have things to teach the other, and that was surely an understatement.

And notwithstanding what you'll sometimes hear from poorly-informed sources, the psychometrics of the MBTI (reliability and validity both) are in the same league as the leading Big Five tests.

For more on all this (including citations), see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.
"In short," eh?

Well, I'd say there's short and sweet and short and silly, and your comment falls toward the latter end of the spectrum.*First:* As those terms are most often used, "Fi/Te axis" and "Te/Fi axis" are two ways to refer to the exact same (supposed) axis. For example, ENTJs and ISFPs will be said to have quite a lot in common because they share both the "Te/Fi axis" and the "Se/Ni axis." The (supposed) position of each function in the stack is viewed as making a potentially large difference (for some purposes), but the "axis" is the same.

*Second:* The notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Ti/Fe, Ni/Se and Si/Ne pairs (sometimes called "function axes," and sometimes called "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that ISTPs are Ti-Se-Ni-Fe, and ISTJs are Si-Te-Fi-Ne, and ZOMG, ISTPs and ISTJs have *no functions in common*! And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and for good reason.

There's more [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.
That linked post didn't say that anybody should be using Jung's model today. Did you misunderstand it?Nope. One way the HaroldGrantians get people to accept their validity-challenged rubbish is by peddling the myth that it was Jung's model (and pretty much all that nice Isabel Myers lady did was find a clever way to test for it).

So depending on who my reader happens to be (and how much credibility they're inclined to give Jung), pointing out that the Grant stack isn't Jungian can serve as a useful correction. You say you've taken "the test." Which test are you referring to?If you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)

That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"
The silly notion that INFJs and INFPs have *no functions in common* is based on the Harold Grant function stack — and just so you know, that stack is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks (and for good reason).

For more, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always (and justifiably) been considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.

Here on Planet Reality, INFJs and INFPs arguably have more in common with each other than either has with any other type.
&gt; Why do you say "Here on Planet Reality" so often? ...
&gt; 
&gt; We're not exactly standing on very scientific stuff here in the first place.

On the contrary, the reason I like to stress the difference between Planet Reality and, well, *other places* is that the reality-based districts of the MBTI are actually backed by decades of empirical support that put the official MBTI instrument "on a par" (from a psychometric standpoint) with the leading Big Five tests.

For more on that issue (including citations), see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.
&gt; You can keep linking to that pdf, but all it says is that MBTI is good at predicting behavior. Anything MBTI says about the psychology behind that behavior however, becomes just as theoretical as any other category system.

It says nothing of the kind. Did you even read it?

At the end of the day, virtually *every* respectable personality typology — very much including *both* the MBTI and Big Five — deals, at its core, with *internal* temperament dimensions and the various ways they end up being typically manifested *both* internally (by way of values, motivations, thinking processes, attitudes, emotional responses, etc.) and externally (through speech and behavior).

*Psychological Types* is full of colorful (and often somewhat over-the-top) descriptions of *behavior* that Jung considered typical of his types. And what's more, Jung believed that his types were products of evolution — and evolution selects for things that result in reproductive success, and reproductive success results from *behavior*. Soooo evolution can't select for, say, introversion unless introversion tends to cause a relatively consistent *set of behaviors*. And that's exactly how Jung described it. As he put it:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation.

And the result of those evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words, introverts are wired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts are wired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

As Jung noted at the start of Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types*:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

In *Gifts Differing*, Myers noted that, "since the more superficial aspects of type are often the easiest to report, many trivial reactions are useful for identification, but these are merely straws to show which way the wind blows. ... It would be a mistake to assume that the essence of an attitude or of a perceptive or judging process is defined by its trivial surface effects or by the test items that reflect it or by the words used to describe it" — and Myers' descriptions of the preferences and the types emphasized values, attitudes and other internal characteristics at least as much as what she saw as the typical resulting external manifestations.

The difference between the respectable districts of the MBTI and rubbish like the "function axes" isn't whether they deal with *external stuff* or *internal stuff*. The difference is whether they actually have some *validity*, or whether they belong in the same validity-free category as the zodiac.

The notion that ISTJs and INFPs have some "Si" stuff in common (internal/cognitive/attitudinal or external/behavioral or both) is just as capable of being validated as the notion that ISTJs and ESTPs have some "ST" stuff in common. The reason it *hasn't* been validated is because it *can't* be validated, because it's pure, unadulterated horseshit.
For similar stats from Personality Café and Typology Central (and some bonus discussion), see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) and includes some specific INTJ-vs.-INTP stuff.It's [kinda like your type](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9529660) that way.Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any dimension. The current version assigns people a (tentative) preference on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. On top of that, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

In case you'd be interested in a somewhat l-o-n-g (two-part) introduction to E/I, you'll find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)
Among other possible contributors, where somebody comes down on the *how MBTI correlates with intelligence* issue depends partly on how they want to define "intelligence," and partly on whether they're more interested in being politically correct or in looking at actual data.

Anyone interested in some large-sample stats from the MBTI Manual can find those [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8io29d/correlation_between_functions_and_qi/dytmc0m/)
To quote David Byrne (Talking Heads):

♫ *And you may ask yourself, "Well, how did I get here?"*
Based just on what's in your OP, I'd say IN, and maybe I'd lean a little F, and I don't really have a J/P lean.

In case you're interested, I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

As a final note, and just so you know, the forum-famous type model that says that an INFJ (for example) is Ni-Fe-Ti-Se is the Harold Grant function stack — and although bamboozled MBTI forumites often point to the Grant stack as if it's "the MBTI," or as if it reflects Jung's original typology, that stack is actually inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

I don't frame type in function-centric terms — and if you take a look at the posts linked below, you'll learn that it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.

No, but I appreciate the request.As further explained [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/) there really ain't no such thing as *dom-tert loops*.

For a detailed takedown of the idea that when you cross that magic line from J to P, it *flips all your functions*, see [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961) And for a more general discussion of the bogosity of that function model, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.

As for the forum-famous notion that either Jung or the MBTI says you *can't be in the middle*, that's bogus, too. Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man." And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions. And the Step II MBTI divides each dimension into five facets, and says that someone can come down on the extraverted side (for example) of one or more facets and the introverted side of the rest — not to mention in what they refer to as the "mid-zone."

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)
&gt;The pure dichotomies approach seems to make more sense than anything function related , but i'm still careful since most of your evidence is a bunch of well written forum posts and two critical reviews of function related studies.

The way science works — including the soft sciences, which include the respectable districts of personality psychology — is that people come up with theories, and then those theories get put to the test. The burden of gathering evidence rests on the proponents of any particular new theory. It's not up to anybody else to *disprove* their speculative, unsupported ideas.

You say, "most of your evidence is a bunch of well written forum posts and two critical reviews of function related studies," but that gets the situation entirely backwards.

The most important thing that "critical review" by Reynierse points out isn't the results of the handful of function-related studies that he's performed. It's the fact that the integrity-challenged clowns who've been peddling "type dynamics" (including the Harold Grant stack) for many years now have utterly failed to come up with any respectable support for their models.

Reynierse points out that the 1998 MBTI Manual (co-authored by Naomi Quenk, who Reynierse specifically calls out for her lack of standards) cited a grand total of *eight studies* involving "type dynamics" (i.e., the functions model) — and Reynierse summarizes them as "six studies that failed, one with a questionable interpretation, and one where contradictory evidence was offered as support." He then notes, "Type theory's claim that type dynamics is superior to the static model and the straightforward contribution of the individual preferences rests on this ephemeral empirical foundation."

And if we were dealing with a different kind of beast here, the functionistas might be able to say, well, um, you're right that we don't have the evidence *yet*, but that's because, uh, nobody's done the necessary studies to *test the type-dynamical hypotheses* yet. Buuut the problem with that excuse is that the correlational patterns that show up when you correlate MBTI type with whatever don't depend on what patterns the person gathering the data might have *hypothesized*. The patterns just *are what they are*. And people like Naomi Quenk and Linda Berens have access to a massive body of MBTI data pools.

For over 50 years now, official MBTI results have been correlated with everything under the sun — internal and external both, and including countless aspects of personality as separately measured by lots of other established personality instruments.

And the correlational patterns associated with the "function axes" (for example) have *never shown up* in any non-random number of data pools.

There isn't a single "Si" aspect of personality where SJs *and NPs* end up on one side of the correlational spectrum and SPs and NJs end up on the other.

And the same is true for the "tandem"-related groupings associated with Se, and Ni, and Ne, and Ti, and Te, and Fi, and Fe.

Not a single blessed aspect of personality — cognitive, attitudinal, behavioral, or otherwise — has ever lined up with those HaroldGrantian *function axis* groupings.

And that is what psychometricians call an *utter lack of validity*.

It's the same level of validity that zodiac-based personality typologies have. And typologists who subscribe to the function axes deserve the same level of attention from intelligent forumites as typologists who subscribe to the zodiac.

And at this point, saying that maybe *more studies* will someday uncover those *type-dynamical* correlational patterns that the existing 50 years of correlational studies have utterly failed to substantiate is truly no different than a zodiac diehard saying, just wait, just wait, all the zodiac needs is *more studies.*

I recommend against holding your breath.
Why are there so many fucking "Why are there so many fucking type-me posts" posts?There are plenty of the former kind (week in and week out), and unlike the former kind, the latter kind actually serve a useful purpose (for some people at least).If you assume for the sake of argument that there's a good reason (or two or three) that there are so many type-me posts, and that they get responses, then it's an apples-and-oranges comparison where the relative numbers don't really matter, or so one might think if one were not fixated on trying to drive the type-me posters out.
The fact that there are *more* of the other threads doesn't mean there aren't "a bunch" of these threads, does it? Eh?

You just like to argue. That's my diagnosis, and I'm sticking with it.Sorry. Life is too short."Inspired" by Michael Pierce? More like *bamboozled* by Michael Pierce.

The notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Ti/Fe, Ni/Se and Si/Ne pairs (sometimes called "function axes," and sometimes called "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that ISTPs are Ti-Se-Ni-Fe, and ISTJs are Si-Te-Fi-Ne, and ZOMG, ISTPs and ISTJs have *no functions in common*! And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and for good reason.

There's more [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.

Yeah, baby. That's why I'm in maybe, I dunno, 1 out of 50 of the threads here where functions are discussed?You have *too many books*.

I'd recommend discarding Beebe, Haas &amp; Hunziker, the Hartzlers, Nardi, Sandoval (Sandoval! Yikes!), and Thomson.

I'll say this much for Quenk: at least she doesn't subscribe to the Harold Grant function stack. But she's problematic for other reasons.

Extra credit for having the 1985 edition of the Manual.

But on the other hand, where's the 1998 (Step I) Manual? There's one you're missing, it appears.

The way science works — including the soft sciences, which include the respectable districts of personality psychology — is that people come up with theories, and then those theories get put to the test.

And as James Reynierse has pointed out in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks (including ["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)), the integrity-challenged clowns who've been peddling the Harold Grant function stack for many years now have utterly failed to come up with any respectable support for their model.

And if we were dealing with a different kind of beast here, the functionistas might be able to say, well, um, you're right that we don't have the evidence *yet*, but that's because, uh, nobody's done the necessary studies to *test the type-dynamical hypotheses* yet. But the problem with that excuse is that the correlational patterns that show up when you correlate MBTI type with whatever don't depend on what patterns the person gathering the data might have *hypothesized*. The patterns just *are what they are*. And people like Naomi Quenk and Linda Berens have access to a massive body of MBTI data pools.

For over 50 years now, official MBTI results have been correlated with everything under the sun — internal and external both, and including countless aspects of personality as separately measured by lots of other established personality instruments. And the correlational patterns associated with the "function axes" (for example) have *never shown up* in any non-random number of data pools.

There isn't a single "Si" aspect of personality where SJs *and NPs* end up on one side of the correlational spectrum and SPs and NJs end up on the other. And the same is true for the "tandem"-related groupings associated with Se, and Ni, and Ne, and Ti, and Te, and Fi, and Fe.

Not a single blessed aspect of personality — cognitive, attitudinal, behavioral, or otherwise — has ever lined up with those HaroldGrantian *function axis* groupings. And that is what psychometricians call an *utter lack of validity*.

It's the same level of validity that zodiac-based personality typologies have. And typologists who subscribe to the function axes (and that group includes Beebe) deserve the same level of attention from intelligent forumites as typologists who subscribe to the zodiac.

If you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

As far as respectable MBTI books go, I wish there were more, but *Gifts Differing* should probably go at the top of the list, and I think both the 1985 and 1998 Step I Manuals are worth reading (with lots of stats, for one thing, and not that much overlap between the two). And Keirsey had some notable misfires, including his big-picture error of thinking his NF/NT/SJ/SP groupings were more fundamental than they are, but I recommend *Please Understand Me* (or PUM II).
You have no idea what you're talking about. The soft-scientific field of personality psychology has (rightly) been governed by soft-scientific standards for decades.

As Reynierse notes in that article I linked to (published in the official MBTI journal), the clowns who've been peddling the Harold Grant function stack for many years now have been ignoring those standards.

And there's no excuse for it. Your post goes on and on about the supposed difficulties of conducting "experiments" in "certain domains of the sciences." But when it comes to the validity of personality type groupings, it's actually pretty simple.

Zodiac-based personality typologists say that Capricorns tend to have certain personality characteristics in common. The respectable districts of personality psychology say to those typologists, OK, show me some correlational studies where it turns out that there are *some* aspects of personality — cognitive, attitudinal, behavioral, or otherwise — where Capricorns tend to be more alike than a randomly-selected group.

Zodiac-based personality typologists have never been able to do that. That's why the respectable districts of personality psychology say that zodiac-based personality typology has *no validity*.

The HaroldGrantians say that INFPs and ESTJs — who have *no* dichotometric preferences in common — nonetheless have multiple MBTI-related personality characteristics in common, because they both favor the introverted form of sensing, the extraverted form of intuition, the extraverted form of thinking, and the introverted form of feeling. The respectable districts of personality psychology say to those typologists, OK, show me some correlational studies where it turns out that there are *some* aspects of personality — cognitive, attitudinal, behavioral, or otherwise — where INFPs and ESTJs tend to be more alike than a randomly-selected group.

But the integrity-challenged HaroldGrantians have never risen to that challenge, yliwt. As I said in the post you purported to reply to, there isn't a single "Si" aspect of personality where SJs *and NPs* end up on one side of the correlational spectrum and SPs and NJs end up on the other. And the same is true for the "tandem"-related groupings associated with Se, and Ni, and Ne, and Ti, and Te, and Fi, and Fe.

Not a single blessed aspect of personality — cognitive, attitudinal, behavioral, or otherwise — has ever lined up with the HaroldGrantian *function axis* groupings. And that is what psychometricians call an *utter lack of validity*.

The "difficulty" the HaroldGrantians face isn't an inherent difficulty in performing the appropriate "experiments." The real "difficulty" is that the notion that an INFP has *tertiary Si,* and will therefore tend (probabilistically speaking) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that crosscut the dichotomies in that counterintuitive way — has no more *psychometric validity* than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.

Or to put it in lay terms, that notion is *inconsistent with reality*.

Or as I like to put it, that notion is a *steaming heap of donkey dookie*.
I've had a limited exposure to socionics, but enough for it to get a *life is too short* verdict from me.

Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't the socionics "quadras" put the types into four groups that are the same groups you get if you use the Grant stack and point to the types who supposedly use the same four functions?

Over 50 years of MBTI data pools offer *no* respectable body of support for the notion that INFPs and ESTJs have *any* personality-related characteristics in common. Any type model that puts them in the same group is in zodiac territory.&gt; But don't berate people for accepting things that have logical, but not empirical validity. That's just being one-sided.

I'm sorry, but "logical, but not empirical validity" is nonsense.

If the people that a *personality typology* puts into groups actually have some real personality-related things in common, *internal or external* — and you can establish that in many different ways, from questionnaires to behavioral measures — then it has some "empirical validity." If they don't have any real things in common — cognitive, attitudinal, behavioral, or otherwise — then besides lacking empirical validity, there's nothing "logically valid" about saying they make up a personality-related group.
&gt;Then I suppose the task remains to find a demonstrable trait for the group. Do you think those traits could be possibly found?

I have no idea what you mean by "trait," but if you're using the term in any kind of specialized sense, then no, what the INFPs, ENFPs, ISTJs and ESTJs have in common doesn't have to be a "trait." It can be any kind of personality-related characteristic. And if there are no *personality-related characteristics* that those four types have in common, then it makes no sense for a *personality typology* to group them, amirite?

It really is that simple.

And all it takes to *demonstrate* that those types have that characteristic in common is a questionnaire whose items do a half-decent job of capturing it, and a suitable number of subjects (of the various types) responding to the questionnaire.

If you're a HaroldGrantian and you say those four types belong in a group cuz they're the types that favor the introverted kind of sensing and the extraverted kind of intuition and the introverted kind of feeling and the extraverted kind of thinking, then put together a 40-item questionnaire — 10 with a choice between Si and Se, 10 with a choice between Ni and Ne, 10 with a choice between Fi and Fe, and 10 with a choice between Ti and Te.

Then gather up responses from a suitable number of subjects of all 16 of the types.

Will the INFPs, ENFPs, ISTJs and ESTJs favor the Si, Ne, Fi and Te responses, while the INFJs, ENFJs, ISTPs and ESTPs favor the Se, Ni, Fe and Ti responses? Eh?

No. No, they will not.

50 years of MBTI data pools make it clear that no matter what aspect of personality you're correlating with type, if it's one that's influenced by two of the dichotomy preferences, so that (for example) the SJs are the *most* whatever-it-is, the NPs will reliably be the *least* whatever-it-is. There are no personality characteristics that the S/N and J/P dichotomies jointly contribute to where the SJs and NPs are together on one side of the correlational spectrum and the SPs and NJs are on the other.

Once again, with feeling... INFPs and ESTJs truly have *no* personality characteristics in common. They're on opposite sides of the four dichotomies, yes, but also of every possible dichotomy combination. And there are no personality characteristics that are both (1) associated with MBTI type, but also (2) correlated with the types in a weirdly counterintuitive way where types that are opposites on two (or more) dichotomies somehow end up being *more like each other* (with respect to that characteristic) than either is with the types who are only opposite on one of those two dichotomies.

Is there *any* personality characteristic where SJs are more like NPs than SJs are like SPs or SJs are like NJs?

No. Not a single one. The questionnaire with Si-vs.-Se items and Ni-vs.-Ne items where the SJs and the NPs are the ones who'll turn out to be the "Si/Ne types" is a questionnaire that has never existed. And unless and until it does (or that type-grouping pattern is validated by some other kind of correlational study), any typologist that wants to group INFPs and ESTJs together and claim they have personality characteristics in common should also be a typologist honest and knowledgeable enough to acknowledge that, so far at least, their speculative claim is no more deserving of our attention than zodiac-based claims.
Unless I'm misunderstanding you, you're the one who's missing what I'm saying.

Is it or is it not the case that the socionics quadras reflect the same bogus *double-flip* geometry as the HaroldGrantian *function axes* — i.e., the notion that if you take two *dichotomy preferences* (and the four types that share them), and you flip *both* preferences, you end up with a second type foursome that has things in common with the first foursome that the first foursome *doesn't* have in common with the types you arrive at if you only flip *one* of those dichotomy preferences?

As an example: the notion that if you start with an INFP, and you flip both the F and the P, you get an INTJ, and INFPs have things in common with INTJs that INFPs don't share with the one-preference-flipped types (in this example, INTPs and INFJs).

The MBTI types that are virtually always said to belong to the socionics quadras certainly reflect those double-flips.

And assuming the socionics quadras reflect that same goofball geometry, then I don't care whether you say those dichotomy-combination effects are "functions" or "information elements" or whatever the heck the socionics terminology *du jour* may be: all the stuff in that last post of mine applies. Typologists speculating about double-flip effects need to either validate them — and again, that's not hard, and questionnaires (with suitably large samples) are perfectly capable of doing the job — or consign themselves to the island where they keep the unicorns and the munchkins (and the zodiac).There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.
The official MBTI folks put out Career Reports that show the popularity for each type of "22 broad occupational categories," based on "a sample of more than 92,000 people in 282 jobs who said they were satisfied with their jobs." The sample included 4,190 INTJs.

Here's a [sample INTJ report](https://www.careerplanner.com/assessment-samples/john-sample-mbti-career.pdf), and the discussion of those stats (for INTJs) starts on page 7.

And [here's an official MBTI page](https://www.capt.org/using-type/workplace.htm?bhcp=1) that talks about the career areas that each type tends to gravitate to (and avoid).
See if [this link](https://webtest.assessio.com/Global/Exempel%20rapporter/MBTI%20II/MBTI%201%20Career%20Report_Eng%20(Am\)%20april2013%20LINUS%20SJ%C3%96.pdf) works.Posting stats like that without identifying your source is, not too put too fine a point on it, kinda lame.King's bishop to queen's jester 3.You're on the right track, but your OP is a very incomplete accounting of the many problems with the functions generally, and the Grant function stack specifically.

Carl Jung — mystical streak notwithstanding — was a believer in the scientific approach, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in a way that Jung never had, and in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

As described at length in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/540362-infjs-intjs-not-being-very-j-like-post17274298.html#post17274298) it's reasonably clear that Myers, despite quite a bit of lip service to Jung and the functions, ended up largely (and rightly) leaving them behind in favor of a dichotomy-centric approach that said that the dichotomy combinations that supposedly correspond to the functions don't have anything like the fundamental significance that too many validity-challenged internet functionistas assign to them. And in fact, Myers thought the type foursomes with the most in common were the NFs, NTs, SFs and NTs — and it's worth noting that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

As noted in that linked post, the 17-page report that an ENFJ (for example) receives after taking the relatively recent MBTI *Step II* test includes page after page of dichotomy-based analysis (including five separate subscales for each of the four dichotomies) and not a single mention of "extraverted feeling" or "introverted intuition" — other than a diagram near the end that shows that "ENFJs like Feeling best, Intuition next, Sensing third and Thinking least," and one brief note about tending to use Feeling in the "outer world" and Intuition in the "inner world." *All the rest* of the ENFJ descriptions in the report — after the brief initial profile, which isn't broken down by components — are descriptions of N (not Ni or Ne), F (not Fi or Fe) and so on, and they're the *same descriptions* of N and F (and the five subscales of each) that ENFPs receive in their reports (notwithstanding the fact that ENFJs are purportedly Fe-Ni and ENFPs are purportedly Ne-Fi).

I agree with James Reynierse, an MBTI practitioner who has rightly (IMO) concluded — in a 2009 article (["The Case Against Type Dynamics"](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf)) in the journal published by the official MBTI folks — that the eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that people like Linda Berens love to talk about are best viewed as nothing more than a "category mistake."

For a longer discussion of that issue, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
If you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)

That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"

I don't know what tests you've taken, but the official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

And in case you're up for taking it and are interested in some guidance with respect to the proper "frame of mind," here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.

As a final note, and believe it or not, the dichotomies are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI — and if you're open to a long discussion of that issue, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
"Has a correlation" isn't how I'd express it. I'd note that decades of twin studies (among other things) have established that the clusters of personality characteristics that the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into are substantially genetic, and are presumably products of evolution, and that the four real underlying dimensions that the MBTI is tapping into are the same as four of the Big Five.

But it's like the proverbial blind guys and the elephant. The fact that the MBTI and the Big Five are feeling the same creature doesn't mean you won't find substantially different characteristics and emphases in their descriptions (and framings).

But to answer your question, assuming somebody has correctly typed themselves as an MBTI N, you'd expect them to also be appropriately characterized as above-average in Big Five Openness.

A final complicating factor, tho, is that the MBTI tends to frame the dimensions in two-tugs-in-opposite-directions terms, while Big Five descriptions are more of a mix. Sometimes Big Five factors get framed as if they're basically just more or less of some *one* thing, and sometimes they get framed as tugs in opposite directions.

As an example of the latter, McCrae &amp; Costa (the NEO-PI-R authors) say that that people on one side of the Agreeableness dimension are "fundamentally altruistic, ... sympathetic to others and eager to help them, and believe that others will be equally helpful in return," while the people on the other side are "skeptical of others' intentions, and competitive rather than cooperative."

In any case, that's some context against which I wanted to mention that the official MBTI folks estimate that only about 30% of people are N's. So that means somebody could be mildly above-average in Openness but still be an MBTI S, right?

But again, if you're an MBTI N, that should also mean you're a "high Openness" person, so that potential muddle wouldn't apply to you.
Take heart, frustrated type researcher! It's your lucky day.

See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the all-important [Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.
Keirsey had some significant misfires, but I think he's very much worth reading.

Berens is a clown.

Both the 1985 and 1998 MBTI Manuals are worth reading, and you may be able to pick up used copies at reasonable prices.Just as examples, see [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/804602-interaction-styles-great-tool-understanding-types-post26699450.html#post26699450) (on *Interaction Styles*), and the last section of [this TC post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/mbti-tm-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/76350-understanding-tandem-processes-post2451371.html#post2451371) (on *Intentional Styles*).I don't see how anyone could fail to see how those posts are critiquing Berens.

And they said nothing about DISC one way or the other.&gt; The articles you posted are just complaining about books written by Kiersey. Berens has written about many things including DISC. In any case, her model is independent of Kiersey's or Jung's or Brigg's MBTI model. Dario Nardi is working with both Berens and Beebe to validate their 8 function model.

Integrity much?

The criticism of Interaction Styles is "complaining" about a Berens model that started with Keirsey but further modified it to achieve truly galactic levels of gooftasticness. "Just complaining about books written by Keirsey?" Please.

And the criticism of Intentional Styles has nothing to do with Keirsey at all.

Read my posts or not, and debate them or not. But don't pretend you've read them and pretend you're debating them when you're not doing either.&gt; What is Beren's model ?

My comments discuss two of her models: Interaction Styles and Intentional Styles.

&gt; As I said we already agree that Kiersey is crap and DISC is crap.

On the contrary, my comment said Keirsey is "very much worth reading," and you said you agreed.

And I said nothing about DISC.

Once again I am moved to ask: integrity much?

&gt; I've read one book by Berens and two by Beebe. Have you read any ?

My comments said nothing about Beebe. Why are you asking me if I've read any books by Beebe?

And I've read too much Berens — both online and by way of booky things like the Understanding Yourself and Others series — and she's a clown, as I said, and those comments of mine discussed a limited subset of her clownishness.

And anytime you're up for actually addressing my criticisms of Berens' nonsense instead of misrepresenting my comments and pretending you're addressing them, feel free.
&gt;&gt;And anytime you're up for actually addressing my actual criticisms of Berens' nonsense instead of misrepresenting my comments and pretending you're addressing them, feel free.
&gt;
&gt; **If you have to disagree, atleast be polite**. I've made it bold so that you can see it clearly, ~~you fucking cunt.~~
&gt; 
&gt;&gt; And I've read too much Berens — both online and by way of booky things like the Understanding Yourself and Others series
&gt; 
&gt; I don't give two shits what online pretend-to-be know-it-alls or idiot-savant reviewers have to say about her work.

I've made it bold so that you can see it clearly:

**And anytime you're up for actually addressing my actual criticisms of Berens' nonsense instead of misrepresenting my comments and pretending you're addressing them, feel free.**&gt;Do you have experience from years of clinical practice?

Is that a reference to Berens? What "years of clinical practice" are you referring to?

According to her online bio, she spent "one term" as an elementary school counselor, before being "budgeted out" of that job.Adam Conover's spectacularly uninformed video is one of the most pathetic MBTI "debunkings" I've ever seen, and he should be ashamed of himself.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.
The Harold Grant function stack is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

Beebe, Berens and Nardi are fellow passengers in what I like to call the MBTI Clown Car.

For a long (but so worth it) takedown of the Berensian monstrosity known as *Interaction Styles*, check out [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/804602-interaction-styles-great-tool-understanding-types-post26699450.html#post26699450).

Believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.
Just for the record, even Dario Nardi himself doesn't claim that his study (technically a "workshop" rather than a "study," as he's explained at other forums) was anything more than a tentative, exploratory one. It involved 60 people and didn't come close to providing sufficient data to respectably validate anything. And it's also been criticized on the grounds that EEGs are too crude a tool for this kind of stuff. Here's most of Wikipedia's list of "disadvantages" of EEG-based research:

&gt;**Disadvantages**
&gt;
&gt;&gt;Low spatial resolution on the scalp. fMRI, for example, can directly display areas of the brain that are active, while EEG requires intense interpretation just to hypothesize what areas are activated by a particular response.  
&gt;&gt;EEG poorly measures neural activity that occurs below the upper layers of the brain (the cortex).  
&gt;&gt;Unlike PET and MRS, cannot identify specific locations in the brain at which various neurotransmitters, drugs, etc. can be found.  
&gt;&gt;Signal-to-noise ratio is poor, so sophisticated data analysis and relatively large numbers of subjects are needed to extract useful information from EEG.

Notwithstanding all that, Nardi decided the time was right (in 2011) to publish a book about his workshop — but if there's been a single review of *Neuroscience of Personality* in any reasonably well-known psychology periodical, I haven't been able to find it.

The type model Nardi claims he's "seeing" in the EEG data is the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, not to mention "Fi/Te types" and "Ne/Si types" — but as you know if you read my linked posts, that model, besides being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, has also failed to find any respectable validation in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

Buuut again, and as Nardi himself has acknowledged, the nature of the very limited amount of data he'd collected (at least as of the time he published that book) was such that it shouldn't be viewed as providing respectable support for *any* theory.

And anybody who thinks that Dario Nardi is ever going to produce a respectable, replicable body of data that validates the Grant function stack — even if he keeps on workshoppin' till he drops — is hereby advised not to hold their breath.
Just so you know, you're the one making the posts that deserve ridicule.

And you'll understand why if you check out [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.
&gt;Cognitive functions are rarely investigated in academic personality research

And there's a very good reason for that.

Before you waste any more time, I'd suggest that you have a cup of coffee and carefully read [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the respectable districts of the MBTI have always been (and remain) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.
"Ideology" is an inappropriate label for facts that peskily contradict your validity-challenged theories.&gt; I don't even contest your "facts". I just don't want to see your dogmatic perspective-pushing and by the looks of the vote count, neither does anyone else
&gt; 
&gt; The fact that you tirelessly post the same shit over and over again trying to convince people that your side, that's by definition ideological. Who the hell cares what "the respectable districts of MBTI" believe? Most of the people here have never even seen a MBTI Institute form or handbook.
&gt; 
&gt; Do you really believe you can dismiss the entire concept of cognitive functions with a Reynerse article and a couple tired remarks? Do you have the research or the credentials or the "facts" to dismiss Jung's life's work? Are you so certain that cognitive functions don't exist, you would go out of your way to prevent this gentleman researcher from looking into them? Where are the "facts" to back up this certainty? Are you not pushing an agenda here?
&gt; 
&gt; Typical close minded deterministic Ni bullshit. Fuck off mate

Your reply makes it clear you don't even understand what the issues involved in the "shit" I'm posting here are. And that  means you're hardly in a position to dismiss them.

And I don't post the "same shit over and over again" any more than you do. You have your take on the MBTI, and I have mine.

But if you've been led to believe that personality typologies pretty much just exist in some *theoretical ether* where everybody's entitled to their own perspective, and nobody can claim that their perspective is any more valid (or, heaven forbid, "scientific") than any other, then you've been *misled*.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

And the MBTI that I'm *pushing* is the one that has respectable levels of psychometric validity, and I'm generally found *pushing* it as *pushback* against the people *pushing* a version that — on top of being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers — is sadly lacking from a validity standpoint.
&gt; Suppose this is true (and the evidence is decently strong for both sides, as per our last comment battle)... Then there is no point doing any research on the MBTI. Its just an inferior Big Five with a missing dimension and a lot of baggage.
&gt; 
&gt; What this researcher is trying to study here is not that MBTI. That MBTI is dead. Not a single clinical or research psychologist takes it seriously anymore.
&gt; 
&gt; This guy is trying to study functions for the sake of studying functions and I don't get why you think he's wasting his time.
&gt; 
&gt; How can you be so sure functions don't exist, to go so far as to tell a researcher who is specifically researching functions to stop wasting his time?

On the one hand, you criticize me for posting the "same shit" multiple times.

And on the other, you ask me to repeat what's already in those much-linked posts of mine.

The reason I prefer to put together a limited set of posts that I've put a significant amount of time into, and then link to them thereafter, is that it's much more considerate to both the people who will be reading them for the first time, and the people who've already read them, than if I kept repeating the same ideas, but in sloppier form, and with just changes in wording, over and over.

And you're free to read my posts, or not, and so is the OP, and so is everybody else.
If he's aware of the issues in my linked posts and is doing some "function"-related research that reflects an informed view of the MBTI's history and what 50 years of data pools have already told us about, e.g., the bogosity of the Grant stack, then that's fine.

If I had to bet, tho...Never send a guppy to do a sardine's job.\*nods\*"Interaction Styles" are a goofy bastard child of David Keirsey by way of Linda Berens.

For a long explanation of where they came from, and why they don't make sense, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/804602-interaction-styles-great-tool-understanding-types-post26699450.html#post26699450)
You make good points, so maybe just as an addition: as I understand it, the main reason for what's sometimes (erroneously) claimed to be a substantial difference between MBTI and Big Five test-retest reliability is that the Big Five numbers people point to are *per dimension*, while the MBTI stats people point to typically reflect calling it a *fail* if *all four letters* aren't the same.

I once corrected a PerC poster who'd noted that the MBTI "has a test-retest rate of some 60%, meaning two out of every five people get different results when retaking the test," while the NEO-PI-R's "levels of consistency are incredibly high (N= .92, E= .89, O= .87, A= .86, C= .90)." In my reply, I explained:

&gt;That 60% MBTI statistic relates to a retest standard that says you got a different result if *any one* of the four dimensions is different. That corresponds to an average test-retest rate of 88% for the individual dimensions.

&gt;If you apply the same test-retest standard to those Big Five statistics you gave us, you get .92 * .89 * .87 * .86 * .90 = a 55% test-retest rate (or 60% if you leave out Neuroticism).

As further explained in [this meta-analysis and supplemental study,](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) and as it sounds like you probably already know, both the reliability and the validity of the official MBTI instrument put it essentially "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests (including McCrae &amp; Costa's NEO-PI-R).
&gt; Carl Jung's concept of introversion and extroversion as attitudes, are the basis of Psychological Types. Without that underpinning, the rest of type doesn't make sense.
&gt;
&gt; I think people who call themselves ambivert basically don't know themselves well, or don't want to know themselves well,or just want to be considered 'special'/different/unique/mysterious. ... Maybe I'm pompous and as confused as I assume they are - if so, hopefully I get to see the light in good time.

I don't know about the pompous part, but you're definitely *confused*.

You're correct that "Jung's concepts of introversion and extroversion ... are the basis of Psychological Types." Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

Buuut Jung *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

As a side note, since you've spelled extraversion "extroversion", it may also interest you to hear that Jung was the man who coined the term, and he referred to later "extroversion" spellings as "bad Latin." It's also "extraversion" in most MBTI sources (including official sources), and Big Five sources. And there's more on that [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion/) if you're interested.

&gt; Kindly forgive my spelling.
&gt; 
&gt; Jung held that people have a primary function which was either inwards or outwards facing. People who call themselves ambiverts tend to deny that. And yet seek to use the rest of the MBTI system.... Hmmm....
&gt; 
&gt; People who call themselves ambiverts tend to resist any consideration of which type they are ('I'm INFJ AND ENFJ').

Jung most certainly did *not* say that "people have a primary function which is either inwards or outwards facing" if by "people," you mean "all people."

On the contrary, and as my first comment explained, Jung told us that his eight "types" were four kinds of introvert and four kinds of extravert, while *also* telling us that more people were in the middle than were either extraverts or introverts.

In other words, Jung said that people who qualified as one of his eight types (the ones with "a primary function which was either inwards or outwards facing," as you put it) were either introverts or extraverts, but that a plurality of people *didn't* qualify as one of his types.

Especially if the choice is either INFP or ISFP, I say it's not a close call, and anyone in the mood for a lengthy roundup of reddshoes' reasons why Dylan's an N (and not an ISFP) can find it in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/219089-sensors-just-people-who-more-mindful-then-intuitives-post6307994.html#post6307994)In a lecture Jung gave in 1923 (two years after *Psychological Types* was published) that was separately published in 1925 and later included in the *Collected Works* edition of *Psychological Types*, Jung began by introducing his audience to the "extraverted" and "introverted" types, and then he said this:

&gt;There is, finally, a third group, and here it is hard to say whether the motivation comes chiefly from within or without. This group is the most numerous and includes the less differentiated normal man, who is considered normal either because he allows himself no excesses or because he has no need of them. The normal man is, by definition, influenced as much from within as from without. He constitutes the extensive middle group, on one side of which are those whose motivations are determined mainly by the external object, and, on the other, those whose motivations are determined from within. I call the first group *extraverted*, and the second group *introverted*.
Everyone would *think* they were special, so it wouldn't be so special to think you're special.

I hope this clears things up.Speaking as someone who's been participating in online type-me threads since 2009, I think it's fair to say that the INFs are both the types most likely to start multiple type-me threads and the types who take the most tests.&gt; just being the opposite extroversion/introversion of your main function is what makes the aux more visible.

Buuut Jung said the aux had the *same* E/I attitude as the dom, not the opposite attitude. More [here,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) if you're interested.

And I'd be surprised if the OP could give us a quote where Jung says what the OP claims he said.

I before E,  
Except after C,  
And David Keirsey.The solution to your confusion is in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the Typology Central post that it links to.Woo hoo! Just what this subreddit needed! Another woefully misinformed "debunking" of the MBTI.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.
Your intellectual integrity level is duly noted.That "wall of text" is by me. Your OP raises multiple issues, and my linked post addresses them.

I'm not going to copy and paste it here, and I don't owe it to you to do any more spoon feeding.

Where does your sense of entitlement come from? Do you want me to change your diapers, too?

Honest to god, qtrv, if you're old enough to be posting at reddit, you're old enough to be changing your own diapers.

Since my post is informed, and your OP is uninformed, my post is the one that's more "entitled" to someone's attention. If you'd rather stay uninformed, that's entirely up to you.

As for your "36 page" characterization... I'll just repeat that your intellectual integrity level has been duly noted.&gt;your arrogance repulses me

Your willingness to post an OP purporting to *enlighten* your fellow redditors about something, while refusing to read a post from a much better-informed source — is that "arrogant"? I *am* much better informed — that addresses all your points speaks very poorly for your interest in the facts.As the old saying goes, you're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts.

And if you follow [my link,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) you'll see that, when it comes to the lion's share of the issues raised in the OP — e.g., the psychometric status (reliability/validity) of the MBTI — it's more a factual issue than an opinion issue, and the OP is *incorrect*.
&gt;Bullshit. If you were you wouldn't portray a global corporation whose main interest lies not in finding real personality domains but in making tons of money by selling dusty products to ignorant business owners, as superior to modern psychology that follows the scientific method and is able to withstand peer reviews.

Isabel Myers got from Jung to psychometrically "on a par" with the Big Five by following the scientific method. And MBTI studies have appeared in many peer-reviewed journals.

And the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa) have attested to that.

Which you'd know if you'd bothered to read my linked posts.

Thanks for showing us all how much you know about the MBTI.&gt;I can't find any studies that suggest empirical scientific data backing it up. I have already done my own research, the post is the result.

I linked you to a meta-review involving years of MBTI studies, and concluding that the MBTI was psychometrically "on a par" with the Big Five. And you told me you couldn't be arsed to read my linked post.

Integrity much?

Going back to the 1970s, MBTI-based research has been conducted by the official MBTI folks, by individual researchers, and at places like the Institute for Personality Assessment and Research at Berkeley, and results have been published in both official MBTI publications and in independent academic journals such as (here's an incomplete list) Career Planning and Adult Development Journal, Consulting Psychology Journal, Educational and Psychological Measurement, Engineering Education, International Journal of Applied Engineering, Journal of Analytical Psychology, Journal of Applied Psychology, Journal of College Student Development, Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology, Journal of Counseling Psychology, Journal of Creative Behavior, Journal of Medical Education, Journal of Personality, Journal of Personality Assessment, Journal of Personality &amp; Social Psychology, Journal of Physiology, Journal of Research in Personality, Journal of Sport Behavior, The Modern Language Journal, Perceptual and Motor Skills, Personality &amp; Individual Differences, and Psychological Reports.

Honest to God, qtrv, you have no idea what you're talking about, and you show little desire to educate yourself, and that truly makes for an inspiring combination.&gt;I don't care that MBTI is "psychometrically on par with The Big 5." That means nothing to me because The Big 5 has nothing to do with the points that I made.

You said that the MBTI had the same validity as the zodiac, because there weren't studies supporting the MBTI. And I've linked you to a meta-review of a metric ass ton of studies, and you say it "has nothing to do with the points that I made."

That's cuz your integrity's in the toilet.

But just to be nice, and because you apparently can't stand the thought of following a link to another post by me, I'll go ahead and give you the direct link to the 2003 Harvey article that concluded that the MBTI was "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments, based on a meta-review of many years of studies, and a supplemental 11,000-subject study that Harvey performed:

[Harvey 2003](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf)

You're welcome!

And just in case it's of interest, here's Harvey's CV:

&gt;RJ Harvey (Ph.D. Industrial/Organizational Psychology, Ohio State, 1982) has taught at Virginia Tech since 1987. As author of the Common-Metric Questionnaire (CMQ), the preeminent standardized job analysis survey, he has been active in research on job/occupational analysis and assessment topics related to employee selection and competency modeling. In recent years, he has been a vocal critic of the Department of Labor's plans to replace the Dictionary of Occupational Titles (DOT) with the O\*NET on philosophical, legal-defensibility, and psychometric grounds. His current research programs focus on developing a defensible, job-related occupational analysis system suitable for replacing the failed O\*NET, using job-component validation (JCV) to link the domains of job work-dimensions and worker personal-traits, and developing faking-resistant assessments of non-cognitive (personality) traits.


My username at most MBTI forums is reckful, and I see we've already been introduced.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)

That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

And in case you're up for taking it and are interested in some guidance with respect to the proper "frame of mind," here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.

I suspect you'll come out N.
See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/arotwy/im_having_some_trouble_deciding_infp_or_isfp/egpuqa8)Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)
I'm not sure I'm understanding you, but all I was pointing out is that it appears that the aspects of personality that the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into are substantially genetic.

That doesn't say anything (one way or the other) about whether *other* aspects of personality may not also be substantially genetic."Ti" descriptions only have *validity* — which in this context is just psychometrics-speak for *correspondence to reality* — to the extent that they're made up of aspects of personality/cognition that, yes indeed, TPs are more prone to exhibit than other types. And "Fe" descriptions only have validity to the extent that they're made up of aspects of personality/cognition that, yes indeed, FJs are more prone to exhibit than other types.

And that's why it doesn't make much sense for an IN (for example) wrestling with their type to have narrowed down their final choices to INTP and INFJ. The notion that INTPs and INFJs have MBTI-related things in common (as "Ti/Fe types") that neither shares with INTJs or INFPs (as "Fi/Te types") is a byproduct of the Harold Grant function stack — and that's a model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

The way type *really* works is that T's and F's are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to T/F stuff, and J's and P's are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to J/P stuff — and believe it or not, TPs and FJs are opposites (or opposite-ish) when it comes to TP/FJ stuff. Or in other words, there are no MBTI-related aspects of personality that INTPs have in common with INFJs that they don't also have in common with INFPs and INTJs (cuz it's IN stuff). By contrast, INTPs and INTJs have things in common that aren't characteristic of the INFs, and INTPs and INFPs have things in common that aren't characteristic of the INJs.

Speaking in psychometric terms, the "Fe/Ti types" grouping has *no validity* — which is an assessment that reflects that fact that, in *decades* of MBTI data pools, the corresponding correlational pattern has stubbornly failed to show up. Whatever it is that any particular study is correlating with MBTI type, if it's something with respect to which the TPs tend to be out toward one end of the correlational spectrum, you can reliably expect to find the FJs out toward *the other end*. You virtually never find the TPs and FJs together on one side (cuz "Ti," and/or "Fe") and the FPs and TJs together on the other (cuz "Fi," and/or "Te").

So... either "Am I INTP or INTJ?" or "Am I INTP or INFP?" makes more sense than "Am I INTP or INFJ?"

If you're interested in more discussion of the bogosity of the Grant function stack, and what INTPs and INFJs are really made of, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
Or we could compare the types of identical twins raised in the same household with identical twins raised in different households.

And guess what? That's already been done. Multiple times!

And the most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For more, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)
INTJ. In my 20s, I thought, man, I can't really see myself as a father, buuut maybe I'll feel differently about that *when I'm an adult*.

But my feelings about fatherhood never changed, and I'm not sure I ever became an adult, either.
You refer to "Ne-Fi-Te-Si" as your "Jungian personality type."

But just so you know, Jung's function stack for an Ne-dom with an F-aux was Ne-Fe-Ti-Si. (More on that [here,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) if you're interested.)

What's more, the cognitive function descriptions that are typically found in modern MBTI sources are different in many respects from Jung's conceptions of those functions. The "Si" descriptions that you'll find in Berens and Nardi's writings (for example), and that match up reasonably well with MBTI SJs, are more like the *opposite* of Jung's Si descriptions — and if you're interested, you can find a long discussion of that in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/)

Ne-Fi-Te-Si is the Harold Grant function stack, and besides being inconsistent with *both* Jung and Myers, that function model has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And the reason it's never been officially endorsed is that it's sadly lacking in what psychometricians refer to as *validity*, because the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools. And you can find a lot more discussion of that in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.
&gt;So to be clear you don't think there are any validity to the functions and you believe in the validity of the MBTI purely based on the dichotomies?

This is discussed in my last linked comment and the first TC post it links to.

If an "Si" description is jerry-rigged to match MBTI SJs by largely including things that tend to be characteristic of SJs, then of course that "Si" description will have (piggy-backed) *validity* as applied to SJs.

But it won't have any validity as applied to NPs (as the HaroldGrantians do). And as applied to anyone (and as further discussed in that linked comment), it's appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."Assuming this is a reply to me...

You say "discussions are more productive when the info is present in the thread," but it would be crazy — not to mention inconsiderate to longtime participants in this subreddit — for me to keep repeating the same multi-paragraph explanations in thread after thread after thread (for issues that come up on a weekly or monthly basis).

Follow my links or don't, but the answer to your latest question — where "the validity of the dichotomies come from" — can be found [here,](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) for anyone who's interested enough to click.
There's Katharine Briggs.

And there's Isabel (one "l") Myers.

Who's Isabell Briggs?The respectable regions of MBTI-world revolve around a type model that passes muster in the psychometric validity department. Typologists who talk about the "tertiary Si" of an INFP, on the other hand — and that's most of the well-known YouTubers — inhabit the same island where they keep the unicorns and the munchkins.

For more on what's real about the MBTI (and why), see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.
There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.

Buuut the psychometrically respectable districts of the MBTI are the dichotomy-centric districts, and you can read more about that (if you're interested) in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.

By contrast, the Harold Grant function stack that you hear so much about on teh internet — where INTJ=Ni-Te-Fi-Se and INTP=Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, (and ZOMG, INTJs and INTPs have *no functions in common*) — is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And the reason it's never been officially endorsed is that it's sadly lacking in what psychometricians refer to as *validity*, because the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

And there's a lot more on that subject in that second linked comment (and its linked posts).
As Nardi acknowledged in a [December 2017 interview](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/93318-interview-dario-nardi.html) at Typology Central:

&gt;Ultimately, I’ll write Neuroscience of Personality 2.0. **The first edition reported on a pilot study. Truly. I can’t emphasize that enough. I "proved" nothing.** I gave some evidence and ideas for how to go about doing research.

You're not my type either.The respectable districts of the MBTI are "based in science," and the official MBTI test has been found to be "on a par" (psychometrically speaking) with the leading Big 5 tests.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) if you're interested.
You've "studied the MBTI for years in depth," but "purely for action"?

It is to laugh.

What was the practical, "action"-related goal you had in mind in making this OP?

Consistent with all your past typings, you sound like an N to me.

Around 30% of the general population are N's. Do you really think 30% of the population is made up of people who are all about just learning "abstract" things *for their own sake*?Your professor is uninformed about the MBTI, and what they told you is a good example of the academic bias against the MBTI (because it was developed outside the academy) that Robert Harvey — a well-respected academic who knows a lot more about the MBTI than your professor — discusses in the meta-analysis you'll hear about if you follow my first link.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.
Here's a table of [Estimated Frequencies of the Types in the U.S.](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) that also includes separate male and female frequencies.

And here's a [second table (with some supplemental breakdowns)](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp).

And here's a [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) with separate male and female percentages for the individual types and some discussion about possible skews in the samples they've used.

According to the second page, these statistics are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."

MBTI forum participation is way skewed toward INs — as *dramatically* illustrated by the PerC and Typology Central stats in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) And that's presumably for the same reason that Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all INs: because INs have a substantially greater tendency to be interested in *personality type* than other types.Believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the functions, that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" that people like Linda Berens love to talk about are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

And in particular, the Harold Grant function stack (the one that says INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te), besides being inconsistent with *both* Jung *and* Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And the reason it's never been officially endorsed is that it's sadly lacking in what psychometricians refer to as *validity*, because the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

For more explanation, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)
This is incorrect.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/147485-everybody-wants-n-9.html#post3753492) Keirsey really started out as (and largely remained, through *Please Understand Me II*) an MBTI guy, but liked to frame his famous foursome as if it also carried on a grand, historical four-type tradition. But the purported match-ups he pointed to between his MBTI-based types and various older foursomes were often pretty strained.

I've long thought that the right way to read Keirsey is as a guy who had a lot of good insights into the MBTI types (and a talent for bringing them to life on the page) — including interesting (although not always correct) things to say about his favored two-letter combinations — but without buying into his view that there was something truly fundamental about the NF/NT/SJ/SP carve-up.

I think NF/NT/SJ/SP is actually a somewhat arbitrary carve-up of the types — and for what it's worth, Myers thought the most fundamental foursome was NF/NT/SF/ST.

For more discussion of that issue, and of a leetle correlational study I performed (using a large MBTI data pool) that suggests that Myers may have been onto something — and of why, contrary to both Keirsey and Myers, I tend to think of the INs as my peeps — see this two-part reddit comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q4z6/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q87d/)
It sounds like you're confused about that article. They studied a newly-created 74-item test that was supposed to reflect Jung's original notions (rather than the four MBTI dichotomies).

In what they call "Study 2," they then checked for correlations with the official MBTI, and the abstract says the correlations "showed meaningful patterns for concurrent validity" (whatever that means).

As far as the official MBTI is concerned, it may interest you to know that not only do *all four* of the MBTI dichotomies pass muster by modern psychometric standards (reliability and validity), but the official MBTI has been found to be "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in that department.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) if you're interested.

It's pretty typical for introverts to mostly experience the *draining* thing when they're interacting with people they aren't that close to (or large groups).

One of the E/I items on the official MBTI is "When you are with a group of people, would you usually rather (E) join in the talk of the group, or (I) talk individually with people you know well?"
&gt;most true ENFPs strongly believe themselves to be introverts because of their massive need for alone time.

Heidi Priebe is, not to put too fine a point on it, full of shit.

The "true ENFPs" who are most likely to be active at MBTI forums are ENFPs whose extraversion is mild, but they're not representative of the average ENFP. And the same is true of ESFPs. They're substantially less likely than ENFPs to be active at MBTI forums because there's a huge N skew at MBTI forums (stats [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)), but it's also true that the ESFPs who are most likely to be active at MBTI forums are ESFPs whose extraversion is mild.

How "extraverted" an EFP is has muuuch more to do with — wait for it — how *extraverted* they are than with whether they're an ENFP or an ESFP.

And anyone who says that a typical INFJ is more *emotionally expressive* than a typical ENFP (and a typical ISFJ is more *emotionally expressive* than a typical ESFP) onnaccounta "Fe" vs. "Fi" — and I'm not saying Priebe is guilty of that particular howler — is working with a very faulty type model.
I'd say it could depend on what you mean by "dramatic."

If you're talking about *interpersonal drama,* then I'd say an INFJ is somewhat more likely to be an active player in an episode of that than a more accommodating, live-and-let-live INFP (although less likely than an ENFJ).

If you're talking about more individualistic, emo-flavored drama, then INFP&gt;INFJ.
In case you'd be interested in a somewhat l-o-n-g (two-part) introduction to E/I, you'll find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

And if you've been (mis)led to believe that there's no such thing as an MBTI ambivert, you can find a discussion of the middleness issue in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/96bvoy/an_idea/e3zgpan/)

As a final note, since you've spelled extraversion "extroversion", I can't resist pointing out that Carl Jung was the man who coined the term, and not only did *he* spell it "extraversion," he referred to later "extroversion" spellings as "bad Latin." It's also "extraversion" in most MBTI sources (including official sources), and Big Five sources. And there's more on that [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion/) if you're interested.
Here's how Nardi explained his scoring system in a [2017 post](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/93318-interview-dario-nardi-post2930637.html#post2930637) at Typology Central:

&gt;BTW, I tend to explain Type like this:

&gt;An able adult needs to both “perceive” and “decide” as well as operate in both the inner and outer worlds. Thus, minimally, we each rely on two processes: either Sensing or iNuiting to perceive plus either Thinking or Feeling to decide. Moreover, we need to use one process in an extraverted way and the other in an introverted way. Thus, for example, a person might prefer extraverted Intuiting (Ne) and introverted Feeling (Fi). Or a person might prefer introverted Sensing (Si) and extraverted Thinking (Te). These pairings *minimally cover all the bases*.

&gt;Yet, from the thousands of data points from my cognitive processes assessment at [keys2cognition.com,](http://www.keys2cognition.com) I use something else! 

&gt;To determine E or I:  
&gt;E score = Se + Ne + Te + Fe  
&gt;I score = Si + Ni + Ti + Fi  
&gt;Whichever is higher wins out. So I'm following Jung's viewpoint here.

&gt;Then I look for which PAIR of functions, out of the 8 "allowed" by type, has the highest score.  
&gt;So maybe Ni+Fe is the highest pairing, or maybe Ne+Ti is the highest or what not.
  
&gt;The assessment scores this way because I tried several scoring methods and this came closest to matching declared type. Maybe not the best reason, but it works, and is essentially a hybrid of what's discussed above.

As further discussed in the spoiler in [this post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) (reviewing the posted results in a 350-post INTJforum thread), INTJs typically get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne), and high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test, and the T functions tend to be somewhat favored over the N functions (even though INTJs are supposedly N-doms).
The MBTI Manual devotes a separate section to each two-letter combination, and here's how it describes INs (who it labels *The Thoughtful Innovators*):

&gt;Introverts with Intuition (INs) are introspective and scholarly. They are interested in knowledge for its own sake, as well as ideas, theory, and depth of understanding. They are the least practical of the types, preferring the complexity of theory to the pragmatism of accomplishments in the world. Regardless of whether their Intuition is dominant and introverted (INFJ, INTJ) or auxiliary and extraverted (INFP, INTP), these types enjoy and seek out each other's company, feeling affirmed in their intellectual or philosophical interests and in their disinterest in and sometimes disdain for the practical world that seems to be so attractive to other types. They may be judged by others as too serious and as missing out on may of the activities and experiences available in the outside world. ...

&gt;As types who are very serious academically, the results shown in Table 4.18 in the education area are not surprising. The intellectual sphere is often 'home' for IN types. It is therefore reasonable that, except for INFJ, they are the types most likely to report one or more ways in which they are dissatisfied with their work lives. Careers and jobs that allow people to devote the majority of their time to intellectual pursuits are relatively uncommon in the modern workplace.

And here's how it describes ESs (who it labels *The Action-Oriented Realists*):

&gt;Extraverts with Sensing (ESs) are active, realistic doers and are the most practical of the types. They learn best when useful applications are obvious. They enjoy the material world and devote attention to the appearance of things, both aesthetically and from a practical, utilitarian perspective. The pleasure and accomplishment involved in experiencing as much of the world as possible can be a persistent goal of ESs, and they may go to some effort to seek out particular interesting places, activities, modes of travel, and experiences. Regardless of whether their Sensing is extraverted and dominant (ESTP, ESFP) or introverted and auxiliary (ESTJ, ESFJ), the types in this quadrant typically appear confident of their relationship to the world and all it contains.You don't need a tricky test unless you're motivated to give fake responses to achieve a desired result.

Why would you want to give fake responses to achieve a desired result?

And on the other hand, if that's you're motivation, why would you want to take a tricky test that would thwart you?I'm sorry, but knowing which preferences the item relates to will only "bias" somebody's response if, instead of answering the specific item honestly, because they're interested in self-discovery, they have a "bias" in favor of getting a particular result on the test.

And you might say, well, that may be true, but tests should be designed so that the items are so tricksy that even people who are very familiar with the typology can't tell which dimensions they relate to.

And if you think a good MBTI (or Big Five) test could really be designed that way, I think you're living somewhere other than Planet Reality.&gt; No one wants to be F or S

FYI, according to [the offical MBTI folks,](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) 70% of people come out S on the official MBTI, and 60% of people come out F.

Now you know.

In any case, tho, and as previously noted, if somebody's determined to game the test to achieve a particular result, that's not a "problem" that anyone should realistically expect tricky test questions to be able to fix.I've found that I'm capable of spotting both type-typical and unique characteristics, sometimes as part of the same encounter, but I'm not sure to what extent that's a facet of my INTJ awesomeness and to what extent it's one of those awesome features that's more unique to me.Your table is correct, and decades of twin studies have established that the corresponding clusters of personality characteristics are substantially genetic (and are presumably products of evolution). So, despite their various differences at the theoretical level, the appropriate way to view the relationship between the MBTI and those corresponding Big Five factors is that they're akin to the proverbial blind men and the elephant, and are both tapping into the *same four* underlying personality dimensions.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they [long ago concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI was doing a respectable job of tapping into four of the Big Five factors, and that each typology might have things to teach the other. Based on the data they reviewed, they concluded that "each of the four [MBTI] indices showed impressive evidence of convergence with one of the five major dimensions of normal personality."

And that view is widely shared in the more respectable districts of the MBTI as well, and you'll find it reflected in both the [Harvey](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) and [Reynierse](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf) articles that I'm always linking to.

And contrary to what you might read in in poorly-informed sources, and as further explained in that Harvey review, the psychometrics (validity and reliability) of the official MBTI have been found to be essentially "on a par" with the more academically well-accepted Big Five tests.&gt;Abstraction/concreteness isn't a concept that applies well to sensation/intuition.

One of the items on the official MBTI is "Which word appeals to you most? (S) concrete or (N) abstract" — and it's been there since 1977 (Form G, and then Form M).

The Step II version of the MBTI has five facets for each dichotomy, with one of them considered the "core facet." The core facet of S/N is Concrete/Abstract.Problems that particular takers have with particular items aren't particularly significant.[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oS68vto5RlU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oS68vto5RlU)The Socionics "j" or "p" corresponds to whether your dominant function is a judging function or a perceiving function — assuming you accept the associated type dynamics (which I don't).

The MBTI "J" or "P" corresponds to whether the extraverted function in your top two (dom/aux) is a judging function or a perceiving function — again, assuming you accept the associated type dynamics (which I don't).

So to convert MBTI type to Socionics type, you flip the J/P for introverts, but not for extraverts.The respectable regions of MBTI-world revolve around a type model that passes muster in the psychometric validity department. Typologists who talk about the "tertiary Si" of an INFP, on the other hand — and that includes a dishearteningly large percentage of the free internet sources — inhabit the same island where they keep the unicorns and the munchkins.

For more on what's real about the MBTI (and why), see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the potentially eye-opening [first Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)&gt;There is no conversion. Socionics is not MBTI and never will be.

Black-and-white thinking much?

I wouldn't disagree for a minute that there are substantial differences between the two — not to mention substantial differences between different versions of Socionics. But every version of Socionics I've ever been exposed to reflects the Harold Grant function stack, and I think it's unlikely anyone's ever going to be able to convince me that the Socionics folks didn't rip off that validity-challenged (and very much non-Jungian) function model from the HaroldGrantian MBTI folks.

And the J/P conversion I described is the one that gets you to the equivalent (albeit, again, subject to various complications) top-four-function stackings in the two typologies.First, just so you know, the NF/NT/SJ/SP foursome isn't part of the official MBTI.

David Keirsey was the first author to really popularize the (then relatively new) MBTI, in *Please Understand Me* — the first version of which was published in 1978. And the NF/NT/SJ/SP foursome was his creation, and a lot of people (including me) think it's a somewhat arbitrary way to divide the 16 types, and that there really isn't anything particularly fundamental about those four preference pairs.

Isabel Myers, for what it's worth, thought NF/NT/SF/ST was the most significant foursome, and I'm inclined to think her perspective was superior to Keirsey's (although it's not exactly my perspective). Anyone interested in reading more about Myers's and Keirsey's competing foursomes may want to look at [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/368786-sj-sp-keirsey-vs-st-sf-myers.html#post11748154) which includes (1) a correlational competition involving a large official MBTI career sample, and (2) a bonus spoiler about why I tend to think of the INs as my peeps.

As a final note, tho... the arbitrariness of Keirsey's divisions doesn't mean that he didn't have insightful things to say about quite a few of the personality characteristics that NFs, NTs, SJs and SPs tend to share. I think he made some serious mistakes, but I also consider him worth reading.Believe it or not, decades of twin studies have pretty firmly established that (1) your genes have a major impact on your type (which *doesn't* mean you'll match your parents' types), and (2) how your parents raise you has almost no impact on your type.

For more explanation, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/bgj6au/is_personality_type_hereditary/ellncpp/) and the longer comment that it links to.E/I and T/F can both have a substantial impact on aspects of sociability.

If you're interested, that complication, and the introversion/shyness issue, are two of the issues discussed in this long (two-part) introduction to E/I:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

And if you've been (mis)led to believe that there's no such thing as an MBTI ambivert, you can find a discussion of the middleness issue in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/96bvoy/an_idea/e3zgpan/)

Believe it or not, Jung himself not only said that there were extraverts, introverts *and ambiverts,* but also said that the ambiverted group was the largest of the three.There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.

Buuut the psychometrically respectable districts of the MBTI are the dichotomy-centric districts, and you can read more about that (if you're interested) in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.Just so you know, those function descriptions your teacher gave you are nothing but summaries of *Jung's original descriptions* of the cognitive functions. And as further explained in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8rxt74/jung_vs_myersbriggs/e0vm85b/) Myers &amp; Briggs *rightly* made a lot of changes to Jung's original concepts in developing the modern MBTI.

And that's one of several reasons why the cognitive function descriptions forumites are apt to encounter in modern MBTI-related sources (and in their internet wanderings) differ substantially from those Jung-based descriptions in your OP.  Modern function descriptions tend to be sets that have essentially been jerry-rigged to match up reasonably well with the MBTI types that purportedly have them as their dominant or auxiliary function.

As one dramatic example, the "Si" descriptions that you'll find in Berens and Nardi's writings, and that match up reasonably well with MBTI SJs, are more like the *opposite* of Jung's Si descriptions — and if you're interested, you can find a long discussion of that in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/)It's confusing, isn't it?

Well, for what it's worth, it may interest you to know that Jung's function stack for an Ni-dom with an F-aux was Ni-Fi-Te-Se, and for an Fi-dom with an N-aux was Fi-Ni-Se-Te.

And it's true that Myers came up with a function model that says that if your dom is introverted, your aux is extraverted, but she acknowledged that that "interpretation" of Jung was inconsistent with the vast majority (*all but one*, she said) of Jung scholars. And more importantly, Myers was mostly about the dichotomies, and believed that an INFP had more in common with an INFJ than with their fellow (supposed) "Fi-doms" (ISFPs).

And on that last point, Myers was right, as it happens.

Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) (the one in your OP) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs and INTPs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are supposedly Ni-Fe-Ti-Se.

And in any case, it will certainly aid you in your own typing project if you can avoid being led off the rails by the kind of faulty online type analysts who'll tell you (for example) that *deep down inside*, INFJs are more like ISTPs than INFPs, cuz INFJs and ISTPs use the *same four functions*, while INFJs and INFPs have *no functions in common*.

For more on all this, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)

And those two posts are part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"

I don't know what tests you've taken, but the official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

And in case you're up for taking it and are interested in some guidance with respect to the proper "frame of mind," here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.If you're talking about the copy I linked to, that's free — and again, it's actually a psychometrically respectable test.Isabel Myers considered NF/NT/SF/ST the most consequential two-letter combinations, and included brief descriptions of those (which you can find posted [here](https://www.personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/368786-sj-sp-keirsey-vs-st-sf-myers.html#post42423085)) in *Gifts Differing*.

The 1985 Manual, which Myers co-authored, included a brief description corresponding to each of the 24 possible two-letter combinations. And a 25-page section of the latest (1998) edition of the MBTI Step I Manual devotes a section to every two-letter combination, with both a description of the personality characteristics that people with both preferences tend to exhibit, and also (in most cases) a research roundup of noteworthy correlations with that combination.

I don't know of any online copies of those manuals that I can link to, unfortunately.

Keirsey, as you may know, spent a lot of *Please Understand Me* talking about a metric ass ton of things that he believed NFs, NTs, SJs and SPs had in common. And he made some significant mistakes, IMHO, but he also got a lot right, and I definitely think he's worth reading.

[Here's a source](https://careerassessmentsite.com/tests/myers-briggs-tests/about-the-myers-briggs-type-indicator/) with more descriptive stuff about Myers' foursomes, and about each of the other two-letter combinations. It borrows fairly heavily from the 1998 Manual descriptions, and if you look at the references list at the end, it notes that they've also included stuff from Keirsey, and from a couple other official sources.

And finally, if you want to read some of my thoughts on why I'm inclined to consider the INs my "kindred spirits" foursome, you'll find those in the spoiler at the end of [this post.](https://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/368786-sj-sp-keirsey-vs-st-sf-myers.html#post11748154)&gt; But the whole issue there lies with Myers and Briggs. I don't understand why you would call those changes right.

Because they actually match up with the corresponding types?

Evidence. Reality. You know, *those* kinds of mundane considerations.

McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and as they've explained:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

Assuming that you view SJs as the "Si" types, do you think — consistent with Jung's original characterizations — that a typical MBTI SJ has a "reality-alienating subjectivity" that leads them to have an "arbitrary" and "illusory conception of reality," which in turn causes them to be among (in Jung's words) the "most useless of men" from the standpoint of getting anything practical accomplished in the real world? Or do you think — consistent with those jerry-rigged modern descriptions I referred to — that SJs are better characterized as tending to be firmly grounded in reality, and to pay careful attention to the facts?&gt; Yes, you are right. Except...jerry rigged? Innit jury rigged? I've wanted to say that for quite some time.

It looks like I'm in [pretty good company.](https://www.dictionary.com/e/jury-rigged-vs-jerry-rigged/)They're the same.&gt; Interesting from people who group gregariousness and assertiveness.

Jung certainly grouped gregariousness and assertiveness. So that's hardly a Big Five vs. Jung thing, if that's what you're suggesting.There are various editions of PT, so "page 76-77" isn't all that helpful.

Can you quote some or all of the passage you're looking at?Go back eight paragraphs. Jung says: "Fantasy is just as much feeling as thinking; as much intuition as sensation."

He's talking about what he sometimes refers to as the *transcendent function*. It creates symbols — arising from the unconscious; and only on relatively rare occasions, not as part of the day-to-day activity of the psyche — that bridge the conscious and unconscious functions, and temporarily reconcile them, generally at times when the conscious function has come to be too one-sidedly favored. In the paragraph you're looking at, that's a bridge between thinking and feeling because he's talking about someone for whom T is a conscious function (probably the dom) and F is a repressed, unconscious function.

He spends a lot more time talking about the transcendent function in the next chapter (Chapter 2).&gt;wouldn't the transcendent function have to be either S or N?

Nope. The transcendent function is a special one that's independent of the other four, and acts as the bridge between conscious N and unconscious S (in an N-dom) to the same extent as between conscious T and unconscious F (in a T-dom).Jung believed that type was a product of evolution — and here's part of what he said (in the Introduction to *Psychological Types*) about why extraversion and introversion had evolved:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation. ... **The peculiar nature of the extravert constantly urges him to expend and propagate himself in every way**, while the tendency of the introvert is to defend himself against all demands from outside, to conserve his energy by withdrawing it from objects, thereby consolidating his own position. Blake's intuition did not err when he described the two classes of men as "prolific" and "devouring."

And the result of those evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words (from *Two Essays on Analytical Psychology*), introverts are wired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts are wired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

As Jung noted at the start of Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types*:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

And this is from an article (*Psychological Typology*) that he published in 1936:

&gt;Extraversion is characterized by interest in the external object, responsiveness, and a ready acceptance of external happenings, **a desire to influence and be influenced by events**, a need to join in and get "with it," the capacity to endure bustle and noise of every kind, and actually find them enjoyable, constant attention to the surrounding world, the cultivation of friends and acquaintances, none too carefully selected, and finally by **the great importance attached to the figure one cuts, and hence by a strong tendency to make a show of oneself**. ... 
&gt;
&gt;[The extravert] has no secrets he has not long since shared with others. ... **Whatever he thinks, intends, and does is displayed with conviction and warmth.** ...
&gt;
&gt;The psychic life of this type of person is enacted, as it were, outside himself, in the environment. He lives in and through others; all self-communings give him the creeps. ... **Provided he is not too much of a busybody, too pushing, and too superficial, he can be a distinctly useful member of the community.**

ADDED: Here's one last passage, from Chapter 9 of *Psychological Types*:

&gt;The outward reaction characterizes the extravert, just as the inward reaction is the mark of the introvert. The extravert has no especial difficulty in expressing himself; he makes his presence felt almost involuntarily, because his whole nature goes outwards to the object. He gives himself easily to the world in a form that is pleasing and acceptable, and it is always understandable even when it is unpleasing. Because of his quick reactivity and discharge of emotion, valuable and worthless psychic contents will be projected together into the object; he will react with winsome manners as well as with dour thoughts and affects. ...
&gt;
&gt;Both types are capable of *enthusiasm*. What fills the extravert's heart flows out of his mouth, but the enthusiasm of the introvert is the very thing that seals his lips.Another vote for INPtasticnaciousness.So how come evolution didn't weed out introversion?Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) (the one in your OP) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs and INTPs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are supposedly Ni-Fe-Ti-Se.

And in any case, it will certainly aid you in your understanding of what I like to call the *real* MBTI — cuz it's the one with actual (who knew?) empirical support — if you can avoid being led off the rails by the kind of faulty online type analysts who'll tell you (for example) that *deep down inside*, INFPs are more like ISTJs than INFJs, cuz INFPs and ISTJs use the *same four functions*, while INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common*.

For more on all this, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the first Typology Central post that it links to.You sound like an INFP to me.

In case you're interested, I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension. I suspect you'll come out with a pretty clear N score.

As a final note, and just so you know, the forum-famous type model that says that an INFJ (for example) is Ni-Fe-Ti-Se is the Harold Grant function stack — and although bamboozled MBTI forumites often point to the Grant stack as if it's "the MBTI," or as if it reflects Jung's original typology, that stack is actually inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

I don't frame type in function-centric terms — and if you take a look at the posts linked below, you'll learn that it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.I assume you're kidding, but just in case...

I often offer quick reactions to the stuff described in one or two posts. That's not the kind of type-me analysis that I was referring to in that PM.

Also: at INTJforum, where I do most of my posting, it's against the rules to quote PMs in public threads. If that's not the policy here, it should be.Yoiks. If you think that Reynierse article "doesn't necessarily have anything against" the Grant function stack, you need to reread it.

And there are certainly some aspects of "type dynamics" that are included in official MBTI materials, just as they were included in Myers' writings — buuut (1) with almost no exceptions, they're aspects that don't contradict what I call the Real MBTI Model, and (2) they're largely lip service, in terms of not being brought into play in any significant way in the analysis and type descriptions on display in official materials.

On point #1, for example, and as I explain in my linked posts, if you jerry-rig an "Si" description to match the types who supposedly have it as their dom or aux (i.e., the SJs), then that "Si" description will have *piggybacked validity* in the sense of applying reasonably well to MBTI SJs. But that says nothing about whether that "Si" description beats Reynierse's "category mistake" rap. And as Reynierse emphasizes, and as also discussed in my often-linked posts, not a single blessed aspect of "type dynamics" that contradicts, or goes beyond, what you'd expect from the simple additive effects of the relevant dichotomies has ever found any respectable level of empirical support.

On point #2, for example, and as also explained in my linked posts (e.g., [this one](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) on the dichotomy-centric history of the MBTI), the 17-page report that an ENFJ (for example) receives after taking the relatively recent MBTI *Step II* test includes page after page of dichotomy-based analysis (including five separate subscales for each of the four dichotomies) and not a single mention of "extraverted feeling" or "introverted intuition" — other than a diagram near the end that shows that "ENFJs like Feeling best, Intuition next, Sensing third and Thinking least," and one brief note about tending to use Feeling in the "outer world" and Intuition in the "inner world." *All the rest* of the ENFJ descriptions in the report — after the brief initial profile, which isn't broken down by components — are descriptions of N (not Ni or Ne), F (not Fi or Fe) and so on, and they're the *same descriptions* of N and F (and the five subscales of each) that ENFPs receive in their reports (notwithstanding the fact that ENFJs are purportedly Fe-Ni and ENFPs are purportedly Ne-Fi).

Similarly, here are the two official MBTI sources backing up the validity and reliability of the MBTI typology in its Step I and Step II incarnations, and neither of which makes *a single reference* to any "cognitive function."

Step I: [MBTI Form M Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_FormM_Supp.pdf)   
Step II: [MBTI Step II Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_StepII_Man_Supp.pdf)

And as a final note, and as I'm forever pointing out, the official MBTI folks have *never* endorsed the Harold Grant function stack — and I assume they never will, since that stacking (and its associated "tandem" groupings) clearly contradicts the correlational effects that the Real MBTI Model would lead you to expect, which is why it's no surprise that its shameless propagators have never managed to back it up with any respectable support.

The "function stack" page you've linked to doesn't say that the tertiary function has the same attitude as the dom, and the official MBTI position (in both the 2nd and 3rd editions of the Manual) remains that an INFP's stack (for example) is Fi-Ne-Se-Te. Again, tho, that's a lot less significant than somebody might think, because official MBTI sources make essentially no use of either the supposed "tertiary" or "inferior" functions in putting together their type descriptions and other materials.See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/bmb91y/can_someone_help_me_understand_these_function/emvjexc/)They could hire a live-in parent.On the genetics issue, decades of studies suggest that, as far as someone's MBTI (or Big Five) type is concerned, genes play a pretty big role, and how your parents raise you makes little or no difference.

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)As you'll see if you follow my link, that's not how the genetics works. The identical twin sibling of an introvert is pretty likely to be introverted, but they might have two extraverted parents.Cheer up, brookpalace! Believe it or not, it's not you, it's the dysfunctional functions.

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)The notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Ti/Fe, Ni/Se and Si/Ne pairs (sometimes called "function axes," and sometimes called "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INTPs are Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, and INTJs are Ni-Te-Fi-Se, and ZOMG, INTPs and INTJs have *no functions in common*! And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and for good reason.

There's more [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.

**tl;dr:** You shouldn't spend any more time pondering your "axis-based function type" than you spend pondering your zodiac type.Since they interpret the Extraversion and Conscientiousness scores as equivalent to *in the middle* (for that test), those Big Five scores basically correspond to xSFx.Here's what the MBTI Manual has to say about the proper "frame of mind" for taking the MBTI:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.Here's a table of [Estimated Frequencies of the Types in the U.S.](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) that also includes separate male and female frequencies.

And here's a [second table (with some supplemental breakdowns)](https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp).

And here's a [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) with separate male and female percentages for the individual types and some discussion about possible skews in the samples they've used.

According to the second page, these statistics are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."EPs, and especially EFPs.I'm the "reckful" who wrote the linked article, and a more up-to-date set of links for anybody who wants to read about what's real, and and what isn't real, about the MBTI can be found in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

As further explained in the linked posts, the only *validity* the faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" have is the piggybacked validity that some (not all) function descriptions have to the extent that, for example, an "Si" description is composed of personality-related characteristics that MBTI SJs are more likely to have in common than the other 12 types.

But if you try to apply a valid (in that sense) "Si" description to INFPs, then you've left the real world behind. The notion that an INFP has *tertiary Si,* and will therefore tend (probabilistically speaking) to have "Si" aspects of personality in common with a typical ISTJ that ISTPs tend *not* to exhibit, is a typological assertion that — like all assertions that crosscut the dichotomies in that counterintuitive way — has no more validity than the notion that two people born at around the same time will tend to have aspects of personality in common because they're both Capricorns.Full shower in the morning, and an evening quickie.Believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight faux-Jungian functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how (and why) the MBTI has always been considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.

And if you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)If Jordan Peterson was here, I'm confident that he'd tell you to break up your OP into at least four paragraphs.&gt;Am I a fake or are the others? MBTI innacuracy

Statistically speaking, INTJs are less likely to misspell "inaccuracy" than most other types.See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/bmb91y/can_someone_help_me_understand_these_function/emvjexc/)The whole (purported) rationale behind "dom-tert loops" wouldn't apply to *aux-inf loops.*

So that's one answer.

But the more important thing to understand is that *dom-tert loops don't exist either.*

And you can read more about both issues [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/) if you're interested.The opposite of your preference on any of the four MBTI dimensions can be a source of weaknesses/problems, and the stronger the relevant preference is, the more likely there are to be issues.

But that's no more true of the S/N or T/F preference that supposedly corresponds to your "dominant function" than for any of the other three.  (You don't really have an "inferior function" in the Jungian sense.)

There's more on all that [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.You sound more like an INTJ to me.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951) That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"

I don't know what tests you've taken, but the official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

And in case you're up for taking it and are interested in some guidance with respect to the proper "frame of mind," here's what the MBTI Manual says:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.

Your opening paragraph was mostly framed in *Ni vs. Si* terms, so as a final note, and believe it or not, the dichotomies are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI — and if you're open to a long discussion of that issue, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the [first Typology Central post](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2700454.html#post2700454) that it links to.Both Jung and Myers believed that your type is largely inborn, but both also wrote about the possibility that someone's real (natural) type could be, to some extent, *falsified* by parental or other external influences.

Because I believe the functions are a "category mistake" (to use Reynierse's term), I don't believe you have anything that's appropriately characterized as a *dominant Ni function*, but I suspect you're on the N side of the S/N dimension.Holy moly! A totally non-random poll of 133 goodreads users who are interested in personality types. Finally we can see what's really going on in MBTI-land!

And do you know anything about the pool of people who took that first poll?

Methinks you might benefit from taking a look at [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)The fact that you feel so sure that you're an Enneagram "type 4" is a not-too-terrible INF indicator. So there's a start. And *if* you're an INF, that would narrow you down to two types!

In case you're interested, I'm the proud author of a 10-post extravaganza with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?" — and that 10-post series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)

The official MBTI is really the only MBTI-related test that has a lot of psychometric support behind it, and if you've never taken it, [here's an online copy of the "Step I" version.](http://svn.javia.org/python/mbti/prv/mbti.txt) It doesn't score you automatically, but it shows which preference corresponds to each response, so you can calculate your result for each dimension.

I'd be surprised if you don't come out IN, and again, I think INF is more likely than INT, given your strong "type 4" identification. (Plus it's not uncommon for INFs to mistype as INTs, for reasons discussed in that 10-post series, so I'd say you shouldn't assume that an INT result on the official MBTI rules out INF.)

It might also help you to know that the forum-famous type model that says that INFJ=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se and INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te, (and ZOMG, INFJs and INFPs have *no functions in common*) is the Harold Grant function stack — and although bamboozled MBTI forumites often point to the Grant stack as if it's "the MBTI," or as if it reflects Jung's original typology, that stack is actually inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and indeed, should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point, given that the correlational patterns associated with it have stubbornly failed to show up in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

I don't frame type in function-centric terms — and if you take a look at the posts linked below, you'll learn that it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.Actually, no, that's Step II. It has 50 additional items.Duly noted — assuming the impatient young forumite (I'm speculating) is willing to answer 50 additional questions. ;DThat wasn't really Jung's perspective. And it certainly isn't what Myers thought.

And it doesn't correspond to reality, either, in case you're at least somewhat inclined to be reality-oriented.

If you'd be interested in a somewhat long (two-part) introduction to E/I — including the social anxiety aspect, which Jung emphasized — you'll find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

And on the dichotomies-vs.-functions issue, you can find more discussion of what I call the Real MBTI Model (cuz it's the *reality-based* one) in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.The notion that if you're an "Fi type," you're also a "Te type" — and ditto for the Fe/Ti, Ni/Se and Ne/Si pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that ENFPs are Ne-Fi-Te-Si, and ENFJs are Fe-Ni-Se-Ti, and ZOMG, ENFPs and ENFJs have *no functions in common!*

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

Shocking, I know. But it's true! And the story continues [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how\_can\_if\_figure\_out\_my\_function\_stacking/ddp76d7/)Jung's conception of the inferior function was inconsistent with the "tandem" idea in two different ways — as further explained in the first spoiler to [this post](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/76350-understanding-tandem-processes-post2451371.html#post2451371) (indirectly linked in the comment linked in my first comment).

And Jung's stack for an Ti-dom with a N-aux (for example) was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe, so also very much inconsistent with the Grant stack when it comes to the auxiliary and tertiary functions. (More on Jung's stack [here,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) if you're interested.)

And that's not to say that Jung got it right. It's to say that the Grant function stack, as already noted, and besides being spectacularly at odds with 50 years of MBTI data pools, is also inconsistent with both Jung and Myers at the theoretical level.

As a final note, on the "scientific" issue: There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup on that, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.&gt;I’m more extroverted than introverted but i fit Fi more than Ne and I think I’m just confused asf.

Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any dimension. The current version assigns people a (tentative) preference on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. On top of that, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

In case you'd be interested in a somewhat l-o-n-g (two-part) introduction to E/I, you'll find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

And if you're open to an explanation of why you should be basing your type primarily on the dichotomies, rather than the "functions," see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)As you'll see from the stats below, you're correct in your conclusion that INTPs are #1 in the aptitude department and INTJs are #1 in the grades department, but to really fit the data, your explanation should be framed in terms of the dichotomies rather than the functions.

It's maybe also worth noting that #2 in the aptitude department is INFP, not INTJ (#3) (and that the other supposed "Ti-dom" (ISTP) is in the middle of the pack), and that #2 in the grades department is INFJ, not INTP (#3).

Tables 11.5 and 11.6 of the 1998 MBTI Manual show the results of two collections of studies, one involving tests of *aptitude* (IQ, SAT, ACT, etc.) and one involving *grades or class standing*. Each collection totals over 21,000 students. The Manual notes: "With only a few exceptions, IN types consistently obtained ranks, as predicted from theory, as the highest four types for both academic aptitude and grades. ... Perceiving types tended to rank higher on aptitude and Judging types on achievement."

Here are the types in rank order from Table 11.5 (16 aptitude samples):

INTP  
INFP  
INTJ  
INFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ  
ISTP  
ISFP  
ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ

And here are the types in rank order from Table 11.6 (15 samples involving grades or class standing):

INTJ  
INFJ  
INTP  
INFP  
ENTJ  
ENFJ  
ENTP  
ENFP    
ISTJ  
ISFJ  
ISTP  
ISFP  
ESTJ  
ESFJ  
ESTP  
ESFP

Both the aptitude and grades tables are in *perfect order* from the standpoint of a dichotomy-centric explanation that says:

• For aptitude, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, P and T.

• For grades, the preference contributors (in order) are N, I, J and T.I don't know of any online copies of the Manual.Are you sure you're an INTJ? :pAll four of the IN types are majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites.

And if you're interested in a discussion of why, you'll find one [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) along with some eye-opening Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats.There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five — the J/P dichotomy included.

For the backup on that, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.This is incorrect. Jung's typology pointed to 16 types. Jung said that it was "invariably" the case that someone who qualified as one of his "types" (because they had a significantly differentiated dominant function) would also have an *auxiliary function* that was of the opposite type from the dominant in J/P terms — e.g., a J-dom would have one of the P functions (S or N) as their auxiliary.

As Jung put it: "Closer investigation shows with great regularity that, besides the most differentiated function, another, less differentiated function of secondary importance is invariably present in consciousness and exerts a co-determining influence."

And as further explained in [this post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) Jung's model called for the auxiliary function to have the same attitude as the dominant.

So... 16 Jungian dom/aux types:

Ni-Ti  
Ni-Fi  
Ne-Te  
Ne-Fe  
Si-Ti  
Si-Fi  
Se-Te  
Se-Fe  
Fi-Ni  
Fi-Si  
Fe-Ne  
Fe-Se  
Ti-Ni  
Ti-Si  
Te-Ne  
Te-SeYou clearly didn't read my linked comment, and you have no idea what you're talking about. To make things a little easier for you, I've put most of that linked comment below, and you don't even need to click!

As the old saying goes, you're entitled to your own opinions, but you're not entitled to your own facts — and these are the facts:

===================================

The MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five, and anyone who's interested can read more about that — and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI — in this l-o-n-g PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

That post was written in reponse to a *Vox* article, but the multiple points of misinformation it addresses are the same ones that appear over and over in the great internet MBTI-Is-Astrology Echo Chamber.

Among the sources cited in my PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.&gt;SeNi with high Ne, or SiNe with high Se?

The notion that if you're an "Ni type," you're also an "Se type" — and ditto for the Ne/Si, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INTPs are Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, and INTJs are Ni-Te-Fi-Se, and ZOMG, INTPs and INTJs have *no functions in common!*

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

Shocking but true! And in case you're interested, you can find a lot more discussion [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)You seem to be under a misimpression. The official MBTI is a written test, not an interview, although depending on how you take it, there may be a follow-up discussion with a certified practitioner.The official one has decades of data supporting its validity and reliability, and has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests. (More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) if you're interested.)Your OP calls "Fi/Ne/Si/Te" the "archetypal stack" for INFPs.

It may interest you to know that that function model (the Harold Grant stack) is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

For more explanation of why "bogus" is a better label for that stack than "archetypal," see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)For a detailed takedown of the idea that when you cross that magic line from J to P, it *flips all your functions*, see [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961) And for a more general discussion of the bogosity of that function model, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.

As for the forum-famous notion that either Jung or the MBTI says you *can't be in the middle*, that's bogus, too. Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man." And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions. And the Step II MBTI divides each dimension into five facets, and it's possible to come out on the J side (for example) of some of them and the P side of the rest — not to mention in what they refer to as the "mid-zone."

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)Just in case the "Jungian functional stacking theory" you're referring to is the forum-famous model that says that INTPs are Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, and INTJs are Ni-Te-Fi-Se, and ZOMG, INTPs and INTJs have *no functions in common!* — that's actually not Jung's stack.

It's the Harold Grant function stack, and not only is it inconsistent with Jung, it's also inconsistent with Myers, and it's never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

And I think we can all be pretty confident that it never will be endorsed by the official MBTI folks, for the simple and compelling reason that it's bogus.

For a fuller explanation, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

And just in case you're curious, Jung's stack for an Ni-dom with a T-aux was Ni-Ti-Fe-Se, and his stack for a Ti-dom with an N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe. (And he didn't really get it right either, but if you're curious, there's more on that [here.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218))Believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal (including the one linked in the OP), the eight faux-Jungian functions that people like Linda Berens love to talk about are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.

And it's particularly worth noting that the Harold Grant function stack and its corresponding *function axes*, besides being as bereft in the empirical-support department as Reynierse indicates in that linked article, is also inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed (for good reason) by the official MBTI folks. And there's quite a bit more about that in my linked comment, for anyone who's interested.Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) (the one you just took) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs and INTPs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, INFJs are supposedly Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common*! And FYI, that function model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

More generally, above and beyond the specific *stack* issues, the faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" themselves represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks — has rightly called a "category mistake."

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

A-a-and as a final note, that reddit comment also includes a link to a 10-post TC series with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"&gt; fruitless statistical number-gazing

I've long considered the HaroldGrantian function axes the *low-hanging fruit* of the functionista tree.

If you consider socionics a "fruitful" typology in that sense, I'd say we're in agreement. ;DWith all due respect, nobody who thinks socionics bears much resemblance to Jung's original typology has any business purporting to educate others on the subject.

Jung and socionics no longer belong together than, oh, I dunno, INFPs belong with ESTJs in the same type foursome.

Oh, wait...You can take it by going to a certified administrator, or you can take it online.

More [here.](https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/take-the-mbti-instrument/home.htm?bhcp=1)No, but I've taken several versions of the official MBTI over the years (Forms G, M &amp; Q), thanks to copies that used to be easier to find on the internet than they are today.Your question is misframed. The heads-in-the-cloudsiest MBTI foursome isn't a function-based foursome. In fact, they have three different dominant functions among them — assuming you believe in "dominant functions," which you really shouldn't.

The heads-in-the-cloudsiest MBTI types are the ones that combine introversion with an N preference: the INs.

The MBTI Manual calls INs the "thoughtful innovators" and says they "are introspective and scholarly. They are interested in knowledge for its own sake, as well as ideas, theory, and depth of understanding. They are the least practical of the types." In *Type Talk*, Kroeger &amp; Thuesen note that INs "would rather speculate as to why Rome is burning than actually fight the fire. They are speculative, reflective, introspective, conceptual, and highly abstract in orientation."&gt; So, essentially, I think it is not difficult at all for an ISTJ and an INFP to get along in the workplace **if the INFP is *really* into thorough cleaning**.

Fixed. ;DAre you sitting down? There's no such thing as "Ni/Se" or "Si/Ne".

Those so-called *function axes* come from a function model that's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and never will be endorsed by the official MBTI folks, for the simple and compelling reason that it's also *inconsistent with reality.*

There's more [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.

PS: You sound like an INTJ to me. And the last link in that linked comment is to a 10-post series at Typology Central that discusses (among many other issues) the misleading nature of a lot of the gooftastically mystical "Ni" descriptions you're not unlikely to stumble across online. I'm an INTJ, and I've been a regular at INTJforum for 10 years, and I'm here to tell you that a typical INTJ is a lot more *grounded* than some of those Ni descriptions would have you believe.Since the dichotomies are the psychometrically real part of the MBTI, and the so-called "cognitive functions" have aptly been characterized as a "category mistake" (more [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) ), you'll be hard pressed to find any respectable professors who are "working with cognitive functions" in their "field of research."

And although the people working in the respectable districts of the MBTI can rightly claim that it's psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests (more [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/)), there's a pretty strong bias against the MBTI (and in favor of the Big Five) in academia that's likely to make it difficult for you to find professors using the MBTI (rather than Big Five instruments) in their personality research.&gt; cutting edge work is starting to bear out many ideas that resemble Jungian thought

For example?Yeah, thanks. I assumed you couldn't point me to anything that justified your word salad, "cutting edge work is starting to bear out many ideas that resemble Jungian thought."Neuroticism is the Big Five dimension that doesn't have a corresponding MBTI dichotomy. Being above-average in neuroticism tends to be associated with, among other things, anxiety/worry-proneness; emotional sensitivity/volatility; proneness to annoyance/irritation; self-consciousness; and (sometimes) depression.

T (turbulent) and A (assertive) are the 16Personalities version of above-average and below-average in neuroticism, respectively.

If you're interested, you can find a brief introduction (by me) to Neuroticism in [this TC post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699954.html#post2699954)Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.

For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)In the immortal words of Inigo Montoya, I do not think *pinnacle* means what you think it means.Contrary to the way it's sometimes badmouthed by uninformed sources, and assuming you ignore its gooftastic offshoots (e.g., the Harold Grant function stack), what I call the *real* MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments — and anyone who's interested can read more about that [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/)I appreciate that you're trying to make everyone happy, and I'm OK with my score, and I don't know if you're looking for feedback or not, but to be honest, I dislike being positioned next to the INTPs. :(They could wander farther. They're good at wandering.&gt; I can't relate too much to Ne/Si types. I seem to be more similar to Ni/Se types.

The notion that if you're an "Ni type," you're also an "Se type" — and ditto for the Ne/Si, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

More generally, above and beyond the specific *stack* issues, the faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" themselves represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks — has rightly called a "category mistake."

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

A-a-and as a final note, that reddit comment also includes a link to a 10-post TC series with a lot of type-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"&gt; MBTI in that sense is comparable to astrology and zodiac, I mean my horoscope also tells me who I am supposed to be based on the month that I was born in, even if you read your signs description you might find that you do relate to some of the traits, and it's already as accurate as MBTI.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/c1h7sz/keys2cognition_i_mean_i_guess_this_means_im_an/erd92kq/)&gt; Check this scientific explanation, not some random answer by a dude with a master's degree in astrology on quora.

"Scientific explanation" my ass. More like another poorly-informed source that purports to "debunk" the MBTI by passing along a lot of horsehit from other poorly-informed sources.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to. It addresses the misunderstandings in your OP about the MBTI's reliability, and the MBTI's relation to middleness, among many other issues.

Among the sources cited in that PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.&gt;they shouldn't look at people as a solid 4 letters

They don't. That's a silly straw man, and that's one of the issues addressed in my linked post.INTP farts smell poopy, while INTJ farts smell like an old-growth forest after a warm spring rain.&gt; Nothing fits me. I give up.

Subject to the caveat that INFs don't usually pick Enneagram 8 as their best Enneagram fit, I suspect you may be an INFG.

The G stands for giver-upper.

INFGs are fairly common at MBTI-related internet forums, as are INFQs — a category populated by INFs whose restless, never-ending quest to discover their identities leads them to start multiple threads about their type. And it's also not uncommon for INFQs to spend occasional periods in the INFG camp before resuming their search.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) And for what it's worth, that post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"Here's some *official* guidance (from the MBTI Manual):

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.Nothing in your OP really sounds out of character for an introvert, and the overall description sounds like a much better fit for an introvert than an extravert.

In case you'd be interested in a somewhat l-o-n-g (two-part) introduction to E/I, you'll find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)

A-a-and as a final note... since you've spelled extraversion "extroversion", I can't resist pointing out that Carl Jung was the man who coined the term, and not only did *he* spell it "extraversion," he referred to later "extroversion" spellings as "bad Latin." It's also "extraversion" in most MBTI sources (including official sources), and Big Five sources. And there's more on that [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4obx26/extraversion_extroversion/) if you're interested.The ESJs — and if you're interested, you can find some dramatically lopsided MBTI forum stats [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/)Oh, look, it's nefnaf, helpfully passing along the forum-famous myth that pretty much all Myers did was find a nifty way to test for *Jung's cognitive functions.*

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in using scientific methods to the extent possible, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI, and explained that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by modern scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

And it turned out those "internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices" (the MBTI dichotomies) are essentially tapping into the same dimensions of personality as four of the Big Five factors — and it's maybe worth noting that Myers got there over 20 years before there really was a Big Five.

As for "bias": nefnaf mentioned *Gifts Differing*, and in that book and all her other writings, Myers couldn't have been more emphatic that none of the four dichotomies involved better and worse sides, and she was outspokenly critical of what she described as the existing *bias against sensors* in the American educational system.

You want bias in type descriptions? You'll have much better luck finding it in Jung's writings. Here he is on T/F, for example:

&gt;I was struck by the fact that many people habitually do more thinking than others, and accordingly give more weight to thought when making important decisions. They also use their thinking in order to understand the world and adapt to it, and whatever happens to them is subjected to consideration and reflection or at least subordinated to some principle sanctioned by thought. Other people conspicuously neglect thinking in favour of emotional factors, that is, of feeling. They invariably follow a policy dictated by feeling, and it takes an extraordinary situation to make them reflect.

As for extraverts, Jung characterized their thinking as "concretistic," to the point that it "hardly rises above the level of a purely classifying or descriptive activity." Jung said that if you found an extravert espousing a significantly abstract principle, it was likely they'd adopted the idea from somebody else.

And it's not that Jung didn't point to introverted weaknesses as well (although he was candid about his own tendency to favor introversion) — but again, anybody who says that Myers is a more bountiful source of type-related biases than Jung can only be someone without much familiarity with the writings of either.

As a final note... nefnaf says that bias against sensors "got started in the 1950s with *Gifts Differing*," so I can't resist pointing out that *Gifts Differing* was published in 1980.FYI, there is no respectable body of evidence that has found significant correlations between zodiac signs and *anything*, MBTI types included.

And I'm going to go out on a limb and suggest that there never will be.If you count this thread, I think we're up to 91%.Contrary to the way it's sometimes badmouthed by uninformed sources, and assuming you ignore its gooftastic offshoots (e.g., the Harold Grant function stack), what I call the *real* MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments — and if you're interested, you can read more about that [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/)David Keirsey was the first author to really popularize the (then relatively unknown) MBTI, in *Please Understand Me* (1978). And the NF/NT/SJ/SP foursome was his creation — and I think it's an arbitrary way to divide the 16 types, and that there really isn't anything *fundamental* about those four preference pairs.

Isabel Myers thought NF/NT/SF/ST was the most significant foursome, and I'm inclined to think her perspective may be superior to Keirsey's, although it's not exactly my perspective. For more discussion of that issue, and of a leetle correlational study I performed (using a large MBTI data pool) that suggests that Myers may have been onto something — and of why, contrary to both Keirsey and Myers, I tend to think of the INs as my peeps — see this two-part reddit comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q4z6/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q87d/)

But even if you assume that Keirsey's carve-up is arbitrary, that doesn't mean that he didn't have insightful things to say about quite a few of the personality characteristics that NFs, NTs, SJs and SPs tend to share. I think he made some serious mistakes, but I also consider him worth reading. And anyone who wants to read more from me about Keirsey's relation to the MBTI can find it in [this PerC post.](https://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/546530-any-keirseyans-pc-post17474586.html#post17474586)

In any case, though... decades of MBTI data pools indicate that there are aspects of personality (and/or personality-related consequences) associated with virtually every two-dichotomy combination. The 1985 Manual, which Myers co-authored, included a brief description corresponding to each of the 24 possible two-letter combinations. And a 25-page section of the 1998 edition of the Step I Manual devotes a section to every two-letter combination, with both a description of the personality characteristics that people with both preferences tend to exhibit, and also (in most cases) a research roundup of noteworthy correlations with that combination.Very different. And the explanation is [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)Believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal (including the one linked in the OP), the eight faux-Jungian functions that people like Linda Berens love to talk about are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

What I call the Real MBTI Model is described in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to — which include a [summary history](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored-post2880709.html#post2880709) that describes how the MBTI has always been (and remains) considerably more dichotomy-centric than many forumites are led to believe.

And it's particularly worth noting that the Harold Grant function stack — the one that says that an INFP is Fi-Ne-Si-Te — and its corresponding *function axes*, besides being as bereft in the empirical-support department as Reynierse indicates in that linked article, is also inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed (for good reason) by the official MBTI folks. And if you're interested, there's a lot more discussion of that in that linked comment.Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any dimension. The current version assigns people a (tentative) preference on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. On top of that, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI, like the most popular Big Five test, has subscales for each dimension (five in the case of the MBTI), and it's possible to come out on the F side (for example) of some of them and the T side of the rest.

Just in case you'd be interested — and *only* if you're interested — in a boatload of type-me-related input from me, you can find it in a 10-post series that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950) Those posts include a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, and a brief intro to Neuroticism — not to mention a provocative discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"Among other possible contributors, where somebody comes down on the *how MBTI correlates with intelligence* issue depends partly on how they want to define "intelligence," and partly on whether they're more interested in being politically correct or in looking at actual data.

Anyone interested in some large-sample stats from the MBTI Manual can find those [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8io29d/correlation_between_functions_and_qi/dytmc0m/)&gt; How do I explain cognitive functions to my mom?

Tell her they're like kitchen utensils, but you don't have to wash them.ENFP.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)

That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz ENFx?"The notion that if you're an "Ni type," you're also an "Se type" — and ditto for the Ne/Si, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs (the so-called "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

In over 50 years of MBTI data-gathering, correlating the types with everything under the sun — internal and external both, and including countless aspects of personality as separately measured by lots of other established personality instruments — the correlational patterns associated with those bogustastic "function axes" have *never shown up* in any non-random number of data pools.

Believe it or not, nobody's ever found a single blessed Si-vs.-Se thing where the SJs *and NPs* favored Si and the SPs *and NJs* favored Se.

And nobody's ever found a single blessed Ni-vs.-Ne thing where the NJs *and SPs* favored Ni and the NPs *and SJs* favored Ne.

And nobody's ever found a single blessed Fi-vs.-Fe thing where the FPs *and TJs* favored Fi and the FJs *and TPs* favored Fe.

And nobody's ever found a single blessed Ti-vs.-Te thing where the TPs *and FJs* favored Ti and the TJs *and FPs* favored Te.

And at this point, I think we can be pretty confident that nobody ever will find any of those things, because those "tandem"-based groupings are natives of the same mythical realm as the unicorns and the munchkins.

(More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.)Mr. SuperPowers was an uninformed clown when he started making MBTI vids seven years ago, and helpfully explained that Te types were characterized by *thinking out loud*. "Extraverted" thinking, see? So you *think out loud*.

I am not making this up. ([Here's the vid.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSNTdSSLauQ))

Yeah, baby. Spend an afternoon with a typical ENTP and another afternoon with a typical INTJ, and you're muuuuch more likely to hear that INTJ thinking out loud, amirite? Cuz INTJs *extravert* their thinking, and ENTPs *introvert* their thinking.

And that's just a small tidbit. And among other issues, his references to the MBTI's history and validity made it clear that the level of DSP's failure to do his homework before getting in front of the camera was jaw-dropping.

And unfortunately, his more recent outpourings show that we're still dealing with the same old Dave. He doesn't seem to have even a 101-level of understanding of how personality psychology works, and what validity and reliability are about, and what approaches are respectably "objective," and what approaches are not. Calling what he's doing "objective personality" is just a bad joke.

Am I surprised to hear that DSP is currently telling his flock that Myers and Briggs said that Fe types are *emotionally expressive*? Cuz, you know, they "extravert" their "feelings"?

No, I'm not surprised, even though that's way at odds with the facts. You know who was telling us all that the Fe types were the *emotionally expressive* ones, way back in 2011 (and yep, [the vids still up, kids](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FOXtkgOesY))? DaveSuperPowers, that's who.

Yeah, baby. Spend an afternoon with a typical ENFP and another afternoon with a typical INFJ, and you're muuuuch more likely to hear that INFJ expressing their emotions outwardly, amirite? ENFPs hide their emotions behind those cool, emotionally-distant masks they wear, amirite?

As for Myers and Briggs, they understood that emotional expressiveness is first and foremost a function of whether someone's an introvert or an extravert. Claiming that *Myers* said (as DSP does) that an INFJ was more likely to be emotionally expressive than an ENFP is just another "fact" that demonstrates Dave's aversion to homework.

And for anyone who's interested, Dave's claim that INFJs can be expected to be more "expressive" (on average) than ENFPs also runs counter to Jung, not to mention counter to the respectable districts of the modern MBTI.

As Jung memorably put it...

&gt;The outward reaction characterizes the extravert, just as the inward reaction is the mark of the introvert. The extravert has no especial difficulty in expressing himself; he makes his presence felt almost involuntarily, because his whole nature goes outwards to the object. ... Because of his quick reactivity and discharge of emotion, valuable and worthless psychic contents will be projected together into the object; he will react with winsome manners as well as with dour thoughts and affects. ...
&gt;
&gt;Both [extraverts and introverts] are capable of *enthusiasm*. What fills the extravert's heart flows out of his mouth, but the enthusiasm of the introvert is the very thing that seals his lips.
 
 In closing, people who have any affection for Planet Reality, not to mention the more "objective" districts of personality psychology, are well advised to stay away from SuperDuperDave.&gt; Also, sorry if my post was misleading. He does not claim that myers-briggs claim that fe users are emotionally expressive in the videos I linked.

He does, tho. In the second video you linked, his partner says that's one of the "myths from Myers/Briggs," and Dave chortles that those "ladies... screw with your head."&gt; In the context of the video, myths from myers/briggs seems to be in reference to what people have extrapolated from them.

You're welcome to your own interpretation, but I don't think that's how most viewers would take that exchange, and especially if they've watched many other DSP videos, since he's made a habit, from the beginning, of specifically criticizing Myers and Briggs because (in his uninformed view) they took Jung's ideas and "screwed them up." I've never heard him say a single positive thing about Myers, whose boot buckles he isn't fit to shine. Assuming Myers was still around. And wore boots with buckles.&gt; That's great, but, who actually did get this right? Other than Jung? Who is someone who was able to take Jung's theory and teach it to others in the most comprehensive and easy-to-follow way?

Isabel Myers, for starters. And her followers in the respectable (dichotomy-centric) districts of the MBTI.

You ask who *got this right* "other than Jung"?

Well, just so you know, Carl Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them.

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in using scientific methods to the extent possible, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI, and noted — correctly — that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by modern scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

As further discussed in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung included what's arguably the lion's share of the modern conception of S/N (the concrete/abstract duality) in his very broad notion of what E/I involved. But Myers discovered that there are abstract extraverts (ENs) and concrete introverts (ISs), and that there's *no significant correlation* between Myers' (statistically supportable) versions of E/I and S/N. Jung said extraverts tend to subscribe to the mainstream cultural views of their time, while introverts tend to reject mainstream values in favor of their own individualistic choices. But Myers discovered that a typical ISTJ is significantly more likely to be a traditionalist than a typical (more independent-minded) ENTP. Jung said an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that it was the S/N and J/P dimensions that primarily influenced someone's attitude toward change, rather than whether they were introverted or extraverted.

And so on. The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of simplified (and more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.&gt; Do you think MBTI is valid?
&gt;
&gt; Do you think people really can be grouped into 16 general categories?
&gt;
&gt; Does your familiarity with Big Five drive home the fact that people have preferences of the dichotomies on a normal curve distribution, not with a separate distribution as the MBTI dichotomies suggest?

There's really no question that the MBTI is "valid." Contrary to the way it's sometimes badmouthed by uninformed sources, and assuming you ignore its gooftastic offshoots (e.g., the Harold Grant function stack), what I call the *real* MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments — and if you're interested, you can read more about that in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.

Among the issues discussed in that PerC post is the *normal distribution* vs. *bi-modal distribution* red herring.&gt; I equally hate to see Jung being bashed by people who misunderstand his perspective and can’t appreciate anything outside of the purview of behavioral, statistical psychology. 

I'm not sure who you're really addressing there (if anyone), but it certainly isn't me.

And I'd add that one of the more misleading canards often encountered in forum discussions of the MBTI is the notion that Jung was all about *internal, subjective stuff,* and Myers was all about *statistics and behavior.*

At the end of the day, virtually *every* respectable personality typology — very much including the MBTI — deals, at its core, with *internal* temperament dimensions and the various ways they end up being typically manifested *both* internally (by way of values, motivations, thinking processes, attitudes, emotional responses, etc.) and externally (through speech and behavior).

And on the other side, it's worth noting that *Psychological Types* is full of colorful (and often somewhat over-the-top) descriptions of *behavior* that Jung considered typical of his types. What's more, Jung believed that his types were products of evolution — and evolution selects for things that result in reproductive success, and reproductive success results from *behavior*. So evolution can't select for, say, introversion unless introversion tends to cause a relatively consistent *set of behaviors*. And that's exactly how Jung described it. As he put it:

&gt;There are in nature two fundamentally different modes of adaptation which ensure the continued existence of the living organism. The one consists of a high rate of fertility, with low powers of defense and short duration of life for the single individual; the other consists in equipping the individual with numerous means of self-preservation plus a low fertility rate. This biological difference, it seems to me, is not merely analogous to, but the actual foundation of, our two psychological modes of adaptation.

And the result of those evolutionary machinations was that, in Jung's words, introverts are wired to have "a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny"; while extraverts are wired to have "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with careless confidence into unknown situations."

Internal attitudes and outward manifestations, inextricably tangled.

In *Gifts Differing*, Myers noted that, "since the more superficial aspects of type are often the easiest to report, many trivial reactions are useful for identification, but these are merely straws to show which way the wind blows. ... It would be a mistake to assume that the essence of an attitude or of a perceptive or judging process is defined by its trivial surface effects or by the test items that reflect it or by the words used to describe it" — and Myers' descriptions of the preferences and the types emphasized values, attitudes and other internal characteristics at least as much as what she saw as the typical resulting external manifestations.

As previously noted, Jung also told us that an extravert likes change and "discovers himself in the fluctuating and changeable," while an introvert resists change and identifies with the "changeless and eternal." But Myers discovered that Jung had been (mostly, at least) wrong to peg love of change vs. resistance to change as an E/I thing. It turns out that it's S/N and J/P that have the most to do with someone's attitude toward change — with the result that, as between a typical INTP and a typical ESTJ, it's the INTP who'll be fonder of change, and the ESTJ who'll be more resistant.We belong to the same tribe.If forced to choose, based on my limited exposure to him, I'd go with INTJ.Like all respectable INTJs, I'd pull the switch.All those two types share is introversion.

The notion that they *use the same four functions* is a by-product of the forum-famous Harold Grant function stack. That's the one that says that INTJs are Ni-Te-Fi-Se, and INTPs are Ti-Ne-Si-Fe — so even though they share three dichotomies, they've got *no functions in common,* with the result that, way down in their deeeepymost depths, INTJs and ISFPs are way more alike than INTJs and INTPs.

And for anyone who doesn't know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. And for good reason: namely, that unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it, and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point. In 50 years of correlating the types with countless personality-related things (both internal and external), those HaroldGrantian *function axes* have stubbornly failed to show up.

More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)Anyone interested in some large-sample stats from the MBTI Manual can find those [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8io29d/correlation_between_functions_and_qi/dytmc0m/)Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any dimension. The current version assigns people a (tentative) preference on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. On top of that, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.Again, going all the way back to Jung, he said that more people were ambiverts than were extraverts or introverts, and that his eight "types" were four introvert subtypes and four extravert subtypes. Or in other words, as far as Jung was concerned, being an extravert or introvert went hand in hand with having a significantly differentiated dominant function. Ambiverts were ambiverts because they were essentially "undifferentiated" — and Jung viewed that as a very ordinary condition.

Moving to a more modern perspective, and believe it or not, it's the dichotomies, and not the "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

For more on that, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)Most: ENPs.

Least: ISJs.Here are the self-selection ratios that Myers reported for a study involving 705 Cal Tech science majors:

INTJ  3.88   
INFJ  2.95   
INTP  2.92   
INFP  1.97   
ENTJ  1.56   
ENTP  1.42   
ENFP  1.09   
ENFJ  1.08   
ISTJ  0.68   
ISTP  0.50   
ISFP  0.49   
ISFJ  0.43   
ESTP  0.22   
ESFJ  0.18   
ESTJ  0.12   
ESFP  0.02

Stat spectrums that orderly — not to mention that dramatically lopsided — are what you call a personality psychologist's dream. What they indicate (and the sample size was pretty large, at 705) is that the MBTI factor that has the greatest influence on somebody's tendency to become a Cal Tech science major is an N preference, and the MBTI factor that has the second greatest influence is introversion, with the result that the spectrum tidily lines up (from top to bottom) IN-EN-IS-ES.

Keeping in mind that twin studies indicate that the four dimensions of personality that the MBTI and Big Five share are substantially genetic, the results of that study suggest that there are relatively hardwired dimensions of personality that can make a person of one type (e.g., an INTJ) something like *30 times more likely* than another type (an ESTJ) to end up as a science major at Cal Tech.

Does that mean that the MBTI can predict than any particular INTJ will end up as a science major, or that any particular ESTJ won't end up as a science major? No, it doesn't. But can the MBTI respectably predict that any suitably large sample of science majors will show substantial skews (as compared to the general population) in the N (especially) and I directions? Yes, it can.

The notion that the psychological components that make up someone's MBTI type don't have much to do with what kinds of things they're likely to be interested in is very much inconsistent with the way Jung described his types, and very much inconsistent with Myers as well. But most importantly, over 50 years of MBTI correlational stats have shown that that notion is very much inconsistent with *reality.*One of the assumptions behind most modern personality typologies, including the MBTI and Big Five, is the notion that someone's preferences correspond to relatively hardwired and substantially genetic dimensions of human personality that were presumably favored by evolution for reasons we may never fully understand.

The aim of personality tests is to type people as accurately as possible with respect to those dimensions. And there's nothing that says that a test item that does a psychometrically impressive job of sorting MBTI N's from S's (for example) is necessarily going to rise to anybody's idea of intellectual sophistication, or be comprised of two choices that correspond to the kind of neat logical opposition likely to please the philosophy majors in the audience.

All of the items on the current form of the official MBTI test got there by a process of elimination that started decades ago and has involved hundreds of tested items, with the survivors basically being the items that have been found to do the best job of clustering — based on thousands of tests and the psychometric standards applicable in the personality typology field — with the other items being scored for the same preference.

The MBTI Manual expressly acknowledges that, in many cases, both sides of a particular item are likely to have some appeal to any particular test-taker, and also that, in many cases, the alternative choices don't exactly make sense in terms of a *logical opposition*. As the Manual explains:

&gt;In writing items, every effort was made to make the responses appeal to the appropriate types, for example, to make the perceptive response to a JP item as attractive to P people as the judging response is to J people. The result is that responses may be psychologically rather than logically opposed, a fact that annoys many thinking types. **Item content is less important than that the words and form of the sentence should serve as a "stimulus to evoke a type response."**

And here's a little bit of what Myers said in *Gifts Differing* about the relationship of the actual underlying temperament preferences to behavior, test items and summary descriptions:

&gt;Since the more superficial aspects of type are often the easiest to report, many trivial reactions are useful for identification, but these are merely straws to show which way the wind blows. They are not the wind. **It would be a mistake to assume that the essence of an attitude or of a perceptive or judging process is defined by** its trivial surface effects or by **the test items that reflect it** or by the words used to describe it.

As a final note, it may interest you to know that Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* describing the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent describing all eight of the "cognitive functions" put together, and there's really no question that for Jung, the primary typological divide was E/I. And as discussed at length (for the wonks in the audience) in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602) Jung believed that the difference between a preference for *concrete facts* and a preference for *abstract concepts* went to the heart of what extraversion and introversion were about.

As further discussed in that linked post, it turned out that Jung was wrong about that, but for purposes of this thread, the point is that the abstract/concrete opposition — albeit differently framed than in the modern MBTI — goes all the way back to the MBTI's roots.

And you'll also find it in the Big Five. The leading Big Five test is the NEO-PI-R, and the Big Five dimension that essentially corresponds to S/N is Openness, and the Openness items on the NEO-PI-R include (for example), "I often enjoy playing with theories or abstract ideas"; "I find philosophical arguments boring"; "I sometimes lose interest when people talk about very abstract, theoretical matters"; and "I have a lot of intellectual curiosity."Nobody said there should be a "clear answer" that "jumps out" at you.

Most people answer at least a few of the items in a way that's inconsistent with their overall preference, and many people don't have that much of a preference on at least one of the four dimensions.

And it's not a matter of whether you're "better with" facts or concepts, but whether you're one of the people who has a somewhat hardwired tendency to *prefer* (in general, not in every situation) one over the other.

As illustrated by the very lopsided stats in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cg1iyp/how_heavily_does_mbti_influence_interests/euf48u2/) and [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/), MBTI N's are (as two examples) quite a lot more likely than MBTI S's to end up as Cal Tech science majors, and to post at personality-themed internet forums.It's not really the "quiz" that's supposed to offer you that much understanding of what the types are like. The test is just a tool to help put people in the right type categories, and it's not uncommon for it to be off on at least one dimension, for a variety of reasons, and especially for people with one or more middlish preferences.

To "better understand yourself" (and others) in MBTI terms, you'll want to read about what the types are like from reasonably good sources (like Myers). And sometimes doing that leads someone to the conclusion that their test results were off.Just in case you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)

That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"I'm a single soul, and you're invited to check out [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)All four of the IN types are majorly overrepresented at MBTI-related websites, and if you're looking for a discussion of why, you'll find one [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) along with some eye-opening Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats.

Also: if someone who knows much about the MBTI is "convinced they're an introvert," but they come out ENTP on some "cog function test" you steer them to, odds are pretty high they're an introvert, and the fact that they may "act bubbly sometimes" isn't inconsistent with that.You say that as if it's a meaningful criticism.

70% of people come out S on the MBTI. Just in case you didn't know.Most of them from your imagination, probably.SuperDuperDave is an uninformed clown, and anybody who really wants to "take typology seriously" should steer clear of him.

There's more from me [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cdy9u5/fe_vs_fi_and_myths_from_meyers_briggs/etxad2y/) if you're interested.

And a much longer and more detailed takedown (not by me) can be found here:

[A Critique of Objective Personality](https://medium.com/@greg_p_kennedy/a-critique-of-objective-personality-72989099a4f2)I'm sorry to hear that your standards are so low.

The prominent role that Mr. Joseph assigns to Linda Berens' spectacularly bogustastic *Interaction Styles*  is really all anybody needs to know about him — and if you're interested, you can read more about what makes them so bogustastic in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/804602-interaction-styles-great-tool-understanding-types-post26699450.html#post26699450)

As I said, that should be enough to steer anybody away from Mr. J, but just in case it leaves you hungry for more, you can find a lot of discussion of the bogosity of the Harold Grant function stack — that being the non-Jungian, non-Myersian, and non-credible stack that Mr. J also subscribes to — in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.70% of the people who take the official MBTI come out S. It's the only one of the four dichotomies where there's a dramatic skew, and the skew is *in the S direction.*

N's are the majority at MBTI forums, and not by a small margin. But the main "bias" that that skew reflects comes from the fact that MBTI preferences can have a dramatic impact on the kinds of things someone is interested in, and N's (and especially INs), on average, are quite a lot more likely to have a reasonably strong interest in personality psychology.

Just in case you can spare some time away from your uninformed rants at those alleged *fake N's* who have you all riled up, you might want to check out [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) which includes some potentially eye-opening Personality Cafe and Typology Central stats.

As noted at the end of that comment, Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all INs — and the explanation for that isn't "bias."I often tailor the tone of my replies to the tone of the person I'm replying to.

Maybe give the OP another read.I don't know what OP you're referring to, but the one I was addressing says that half the N's here are really S's who are calling themselves N's because they're biased.

I think that's way off, and my reply explained why.Here's a table of [Estimated Frequencies of the Types in the U.S.](http://www.capt.org/mbti-assessment/estimated-frequencies.htm) that also includes separate male and female frequencies.

And here's a [second table (with some supplemental breakdowns)](https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.asp).

And here's a [third source](http://www.capt.org/products/examples/20025HO.pdf) with separate male and female percentages for the individual types and some discussion about possible skews in the samples they've used.

According to the second page, these statistics are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."That's not how the respectable districts of personality psychology have ever operated.

You say individuals taking tests is *unreliable*, but FYI, the terms "reliability" and "validity" are the two main psychometric standards applied to personality testing methods, and specifically to *tests taken by individuals*, which has always been the favored way to gather scientifically respectable results in this field.

For more on the validity and reliability of the MBTI, see [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.

And if you're interested in reading about some of the reasons why you'll get more meaningful results, *on average*, from official MBTI scores than from a typical self-typing by someone who thinks they've *figured out their cognitive functions, man*, then you might want to look at [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.???

Given that N's are substantially more interested (on average) in personality typologies than S's, the percentage of N's who visit websites like 16P can be expected to be substantially higher than in the general population.

More importantly, tho, if you truly, sincerely, cross-your-heart-and-hope-to-die think that 16P is in a better position to estimate the general population percentages than the official MBTI folks, then I'd suggest you should sit down, take a deep breath, and do some serious rethinking.&gt;Biases in the online tests (which is how most people online get their mbti code) and the descriptions push people strongly toward testing NT or possibly NF. Why? Because smart and interesting are woven all through N type questions. "Do you have cool, original ideas?" Or "do you prefer to sit home and organize your sock drawer?"

Yeah, "Are you smart and interesting or do you like organizing sock drawers?" Asked *no MBTI test item ever.*

And you're wrong if you think the S/N items on the more well-known *online tests* have a notably different flavor than the ones on the official MBTI. I've been participating in type-me exercises for ten years now — including seeing lots of people's results on the *official* MBTI — and it's pretty rare, in my experience, for an MBTI forum member to come out N on HumanMetrics or one of the other unofficial online tests and S on the official MBTI.

Here are five of the S/N items from the official MBTI — and as I said, the more well-known online tests use items with a similar flavor.

&gt;If you were a teacher, would you rather teach (S) fact courses, or (N) courses involving theory?

&gt;Would you rather be considered (S) a practical person, or (N) an ingenious person?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (N) imaginative, or (S) matter-of-fact?

&gt;Which word appeals to you most? (S) sensible, or (N) fascinating?

&gt;Would you rather (S) support the established methods of doing good, or (N) analyze what is still wrong and attack unsolved problems?

N's have a tendency to look at those kinds of S/N items and say, ZOMG, they make S's sound sooooo boring! Who the fuck would choose the S responses to those items?!

But again... around 70% of the U.S. population prefers the S responses to those items. Because they're S's.

MBTI forum participation is way skewed toward INs — as *dramatically* illustrated by the PerC and Typology Central stats in [this previously-linked comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vxp3m/if_there_are_more_sensor_people_than_intuitives/de5xkwu/) as well as reddit subforum subscription stats. But that's for the same reason that Carl Jung, Katharine Briggs, Isabel Myers, David Keirsey, Naomi Quenk, Lenore Thomson, Linda Berens and Dario Nardi are all INs: because N's (and especially INs) have a substantially greater tendency to be interested in *personality type* than other types.[Barbershopquartettian](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLEEGnA8vQ8) - SJAs previously noted (twice), around 70% of people (in the US) prefer the S choices on those S/N items.

You can keep living in a fantasy world where ZOMG, just about *errybody* would pick the N choices if you want. But there really is a meaningful distinction between opinions and facts, and your comment is at odds with the facts.First, just so you know, the NF/NT/SJ/SP foursome isn't part of the official MBTI.

David Keirsey was the first author to really popularize the (then relatively new) MBTI, in *Please Understand Me* — the first version of which was published in 1978. And the NF/NT/SJ/SP foursome was his creation, and a lot of people (including me) think it's a somewhat arbitrary way to divide the 16 types, and that there really isn't anything particularly fundamental about those four preference pairs.

Isabel Myers, for what it's worth, thought NF/NT/SF/ST was the most significant foursome, and I'm inclined to think her perspective was superior to Keirsey's (although it's not exactly my perspective). Anyone interested in reading more about Myers's and Keirsey's competing foursomes may want to look at the following two-part reddit comment, which includes (1) a correlational competition involving a large official MBTI career sample, and (2) a bonus spoiler about why I tend to think of the INs as my peeps.

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q4z6/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5hnnx9/why_the_groups_most_commonly_arranged_into_nt_nf/db1q87d/)

As a final note, tho... the arbitrariness of Keirsey's divisions doesn't mean that he didn't have insightful things to say about quite a few of the personality characteristics that NFs, NTs, SJs and SPs tend to share. I think he made some serious mistakes, but I also consider him worth reading.I'd say you basically have the right perspective.

James Reynierse, in a series of articles published in the official MBTI journal, has rightly (IMO) characterized the eight so-called *cognitive functions* as a "category mistake" — and I think it's a shame how many forumites have been misled into thinking that the Harold Grant function stack and its associated *function axes* are consistent with either Jung or the modern MBTI, or are in anything like the same category as the MBTI when it comes to psychometric validity.

Anyone interested in quite a lot of additional discussion of that can find it in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.The main foursome — Will, Mike, Dustin and Lucas — are a tight-knit little gang in large part because of the shared nerdacity that leads them to hang out in the science lab, obsess over Dungeons &amp; Dragons, keep in touch with walkie-talkies, and get picked on by the cool kids.

They're all IN's, as is Jonathan.What I call the Real MBTI Model — cuz it's the one with actual empirical support — says that TJs and FPs have no personality characteristics in common that relate to the T/F and J/P dimensions. They're opposites with respect to T/F things, opposites with respect to J/P things, and *also* (and this is the important part, when it comes to the HaroldGrantian bogosity) opposites with respect to anything and everything that's a consequence of TJ and FP *in combination*.

Very much by contrast, the HaroldGrantians say hey, we all think and feel, even though some of us prefer T to F and some prefer F to T — and who'd disagree with that, amirite? But then they go on to say that when TJs are feeling, they tend to favor the *same kind of feeling* (you know, the "Fi" kind) as the FPs. And likewise, they say that when FPs are thinking, they tend to favor the *same kind of thinking* (you know, the "Te" kind) as the TJs.

They're both on that fabled *Fi/Te axis*, those TJs and FPs are.

So needless to say, if you put together a test with Fi-vs.-Fe items, and Ti-vs.-Te items, the results will show that the TJs and the FPs favor Te (over Ti) and Fi (over Fe), while the TPs and FJs who take the test will favor Ti (over Te) and Fe (over Fi). Right?

Well, sorry, but I'm here to tell you that there's never been a test, or any Fi-vs.-Fe characteristic and/or Ti-vs.-Te characteristic that's ever been correlated with the MBTI types, where those utterly bogus *function axis* patterns have shown up.

You say "the position of the functions completely change the way they utilise the function" — but if by "completely change" you mean that an ENFP (with auxiliary Fi) and an ISTJ (with tertiary Fi) don't have anything Fi-related in common — that differentiates them from the Fe-favoring ways of, for example, INFJs (Fe-aux) and ESTPs (Fe-tert) — then (1) you're not in the Harold Grant camp, and (2) why do you call what ENFPs and ISTJs supposedly both "use" the same name (Fi) if it's *completely different*?&gt;If you have read them you wouldn't be asking this question...

That's incorrect. I've spent a fair amount of time at mbti-notes (although it's been a while), and if you think their view is that Fi in an INTJ is "completely different" from Fi in an ISFP, then I'd say you should think about returning to their site for some re-reading.

The bottom line is this: No grouping of people into personality-type categories can possibly be "useful" if, like the zodiac, there's nothing personality-related that the people in those categories have in common.

"Cognitive function" descriptions can be "useful" to the extent that they relate to valid groupings, even if their supposed theoretical underpinnings are mistaken in various ways. So, for example, a "Te" description can be valid/useful to the extent that (1) it consists of things that MBTI TJs really have in common (and that differentiates them from non-TJs), and (2) its application is limited to TJs.

But if there's nothing that TJs and FPs have in common — and there's absolutely no respectable reason to claim they do, and fifty years of MBTI data pools say that pattern *never shows up* — then applying that same "Te" description to MBTI FPs can't possibly be "useful" for any purpose.

And it doesn't matter how many online MBTI sources anybody wants to point to to the contrary. If none of those sites can point to a *single blessed Fi or Te thing* that tends (on average) to distinguish both TJs and FPs from TPs and FJs, or a *single blessed Ni or Se thing* that tends (on average) to distinguish NJs and SPs from NPs and SJs (and they can't), then it's time for the HaroldGrantians to throw in the towel.

The fact that you've found a number of cognitive function descriptions "useful" for various purposes does *not* contradict the Real MBTI Model unless, and to the extent that, you're talking about "type dynamics" stuff that suggests that there are commonalities and/or differences between/among the types that — like the Harold Grant stack and its *function axes* — are inconsistent with the results you'd expect from the straightforward additive effects of the dichotomy preferences in combination.

And as Reynierse rightly noted 10 years ago, there isn't *anything* in that category that has ever found any respectable level of empirical support. And that remains just as true today as it was then.&gt; What do you think about
&gt; 
&gt; 1. The reason why many people can't relate to the MBTI profiles,
&gt; 2. Why people get multiple types from different sites and can't seem to decide which is them despite reading through all the profiles,
&gt; 3. How to decide the type when a person is "on the fence", and can a person be two types at the same time,
&gt; 4. The rampant mistyping (at least in my area) despite the official tests given out by schools
&gt; 5.Whether people can "change" type in different circumstances (from I to E), as they age (from P to J), or due to mental illness (from T to F or even N to S). A concern some of my friends thought is that if MBTI is constant, does that mean that a P can never become a J?
&gt; 6. Why some people experience a almost 180 degree change in personality as a result of stress or mental illness (from what I observed from my mum and myself), did the type change or is the type still the same
&gt; 7. Why do mental illness create responses in different types that seem to be inconsistent with the type profile descriptions, and how the dichotomy profile can help in development,
&gt; 8. Why do the dichotomies interact the way they do, eg. the profile as a whole is more than the sum of its parts, and certain type profiles are more similar to each other than others despite having the same number of letter differences, and
&gt; 9. Are relationship predictors between types legit? Like those that say xxxx is more likely to work well with xxxx than yyyy despite both having the same number of letter differences

As you probably know, this really isn't how reddit works. This thread is now past its sell-by date, and our exchange is hidden away (three pages deep) from the main page. On top of that, even when a reddit thread is current, multi-issue discussions are generally much less productive and conducive to focused multi-party participation than single-issue discussions.

And partly just as an only-so-many-hours-in-the-week thing, I've always pretty much limited my MBTI forum participation to public, multi-party threads, not private exchanges.

So normally I'd just be through with this thread at this point, but here's a last comment with some quick responses for you:

No. 1. I more often hear complaints that the MBTI is like astrology, hurr hurr, Barnum effect, hurr hurr, and people think their profile fits them no matter how they come out on the test. I don't agree with that criticism, but my experience also hasn't been that a substantial percentage of people "can't relate" to *any* MBTI profiles. I'd say feeling somewhat torn about which of two or three is the best fit is pretty common, and the fact that lots of people are middlish on one or more dimensions probably goes a long way toward explaining that.

2. See #1.

3. On middleness, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/aacozh/on_the_topic_of_ambiversion/ecqv0vn)

4. See the stats in [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cg1iyp/how_heavily_does_mbti_influence_interests/euf48u2/) You can't end up with self-selection ratios anywhere near that lopsided unless you not only have a typology that's tapping into something real, but also have a test that does a good job, *on average*, of putting the takers in the right categories. Do mistypes happen on the official MBTI? Of course, although they most often involve just one dimension, and they most often happen when the taker is middlish on the dimension(s) that are mistyped. Are mistypes "rampant"? 50 years of correlational stats say otherwise. The current version of the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests. (More in in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.)

5-7. Personality and mental illness isn't an area I know much about, or have much in the way of opinions on. Both Jung and Myers believed that type tends to be fairly hard-wired (in normal people), and twin studies and other data suggest they were largely right about that. For quite a lot of discussion about that, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/) 

8. I think lots of the things that are sometimes or often described as particular personality characteristics (e.g., impulsiveness) are contributed to, in different ways, by two or more of the MBTI dimensions, but I don't think dichotomies combine is what's properly framed as a "whole is greater than the sum of its parts" way.

9. The data suggests that birds-of-a-feather relationships are pretty common, and also that there are what you might call *complementary opposite* pairings that are considerably more likely to happen than certain other pairings with the same number of letter differences. Both Myers and Keirsey thought that S/N was the most important preference to match on for compatibility, and I think they were right about that.Dario Nardi's one of the leading *functionistas* (as you may know), and [his test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) (which I'm guessing you've probably taken) is arguably the most-linked-to cognitive functions test. But as further discussed in the spoiler in [this PerC post,](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/231697-do-professional-mbti-tests-evaluate-cognitive-functions.html#post6620049) INTJs typically get high Te scores *and high Ti scores* (with Te not substantially favored over Ti), when they take Nardi's test. They also tend to get high Ni scores *and high Ne scores* (with Ni not substantially favored over Ne). And INFJs and INTPs often get Fi scores that are higher than their Fe scores. And all the IN types tend to relate pretty strongly to Ti. And so on.

As I understand it, there has *never* been a cognitive functions test where the results come anywhere close to lining up with what you'd be led to expect by the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, INFJs are supposedly Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common*! And FYI, that function model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, has no respectable body of evidence behind it, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks.

More generally, above and beyond the specific *stack* issues, the faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" themselves represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks — has rightly called a "category mistake."

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

A-a-and as a final note, that reddit comment also includes a link to a 10-post TC series with a metric ass ton of type-me-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"I forgot to mention that I'm also a poet.

If you're cosmically haunted and 4w3,  
Chances are good you're an INFP.Here's some official guidance (from the MBTI Manual):

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.&gt;I was struck by the fact that many people habitually do more thinking than others, and accordingly give more weight to thought when making important decisions. They also use their thinking in order to understand the world and adapt to it, and whatever happens to them is subjected to consideration and reflection or at least subordinated to some principle sanctioned by thought. Other people conspicuously neglect thinking in favour of emotional factors, that is, of feeling. They invariably follow a policy dictated by feeling, and it takes an extraordinary situation to make them reflect. They form an unmistakable contrast to the other type, and the difference is most striking when the two are business partners or are married to each other.

— C.G. JungThe Harold Grant function stack (e.g., INFP = Fi-Ne-Si-Te) and its associated *function axes* are inconsistent with Jung in multiple ways, some of them fundamental. So it really doesn't make sense to refer to that model (if that's what you're doing) as "Jungian MBTI."

Jung's function stack for an Fi-dom with an N-aux (for example) was Fi-Ni-Se-Te. He said that extraverts were extraverted in *both their judgments and perceptions* — not Je-Pi or Pe-Ji.

And in case anybody thinks they see the "Fi-Te" axis in Fi-Ni-Se-Te, it really isn't there — because Jung thought F and T (and N and S) opposed each other in a way that made it impossible for them to work together in "tandem" (as the HaroldGrantians like to say). In explaining why it would be impossible for an F function to be a T-dom's auxiliary, Jung said that for thinking to function effectively, feeling had to strongly suppressed. "Thinking, if it is to be real thinking and true to its own principle," Jung explained, "must rigorously exclude feeling."

What's more, Jung believed that the personality consequences of an inferior function tended to be the *opposite* of the consequences of that same function in the dominant position, with the result that an Fi-dom (with inferior Te) and a Te-dom (with inferior Fi) were opposites of each other in the T/F department, rather than (as the HaroldGrantians would have it) having lots of shared T/F-related characteristics, onnaccounta being fellow *Fi-Te types*. As one example, Jung said that, whereas Ne-doms have a knack for sniffing out the latest trends and the ways things could be changed for the better, the inferior Ne of Si-doms tends to exhibit "an amazing flair for all the ambiguous, shadowy, sordid, dangerous possibilities lurking in the background" and has "a dangerous and destructive quality" — with the result that Ne-doms tend to embrace/cause change, while Si-doms tend to fear/resist change. Similarly, in describing the ways inferior Fi tended to manifest in a Te-dom, Jung described several examples of *unethical behavior,* and commented that "only an inferior feeling function, operating unconsciously and in secret, could seduce otherwise reputable men into such aberrations."

On top of all that, the eight "cognitive functions" that most MBTI forumites are familiar with are a faux-Jungian set that was put together 30 years ago to do an OK job of matching up with the MBTI types who purportedly have them as their top two functions, and that modern set differs from Jung's original eight in many ways. As one striking example, the modern version of "Si" (made to match SJs) bears little resemblance to Jung's Si descriptions — and in fact, is more like the *opposite* of Jung's descriptions. And if you're interested in a longform discussion of that, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8mbmib/deciphering_psychological_types_1_si/dzmh9mz)

More generally, and to more directly address the issue raised by the OP, I strongly favor a *dichotomy-centric* take on the MBTI, and my reasons for that can be found in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to."Fe" isn't missing from the dichotomy-centric model. It's just framed differently — as things that FJs have in common, because they're things that F and J each make a contribution to.

Based on her years of data-gathering and psychometric analysis, Myers understood that the dichotomies were the essential components underlying your type, and that *dichotomy combinations* were associated with many noteworthy aspects of personality. But despite too much Jungian lip service, she also understood that there was nothing particularly special about the combinations that are purportedly associated with the "cognitive functions." In fact, Myers thought of NF/NT/SF/ST as the most significant dichotomy combinations — and it's worth noting that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

There's no *real* aspect of any MBTI type grouping that a functionista can point to that can't be framed equally well — or better framed, actually — by what I call the Real MBTI Model. And unfortunately, much of the HaroldGrantian model isn't in the badly-framed but kinda true category. It's in the total nonsense category.

Believe it or not, in over 50 years of MBTI data-gathering, correlating the types with everything under the sun, nobody's ever found a single blessed Fi-vs.-Fe thing where the FPs *and TJs* favored Fi and the FJs *and TPs* favored Fe.

Or an Si-vs.-Se thing where the SJs *and NPs* favored Si and the SPs *and NJs* favored Se. Or an Ni-vs.-Ne thing where the NJs *and SPs* favored Ni and the NPs *and SJs* favored Ne. Or a Ti-vs.-Te thing where the TPs *and FJs* favored Ti and the TJs *and FPs* favored Te.

You say, "Fe is a really easy word to communicate a lot of adjectives about a person." But "FJ" works just as well. And if the group of "persons" that those "Fe" adjectives are being applied to purportedly includes TPs, then to that extent those "adjectives" are "communicating" nonsense.&gt; Actually Jung's take on functions was Fi &lt;-&gt; Te with middle ones undecided.

This is incorrect. There are things in Jung's writing that are ambiguous, or where it appears he may have changed his views over time. But he was consistent on his four-function stack. And you can find a long discussion of that (with numerous Jung quotes, from 1921 to 1952), in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)Well, I don't stand behind that, as you probably know, but yes, that was Jung's stack for an Fi-dom with an S-aux.There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

For the backup, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post it links to.According to the [official MBTI folks,](https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm?bhcp=1) ENFP is the most common N type, and by a wide margin. And there are close to twice as many ENFPs as INFPs.

So it appears that it's not exactly accurate to say that ENFPs are "always typed as introverts."Can you point us to any stats you consider more trustworthy, and explain why you think so?As noted at the linked page, those stats are based on "a variety of MBTI results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI)."Reading OPs like yours makes me sad.

Just so you know, the notion that if you're an "Ni type," you're also an "Se type" — and ditto for the Ne/Si, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs (the so-called "function axes," or "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

And believe it or not, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

More generally, above and beyond the specific *stack* issues, the faux-Jungian "cognitive functions" themselves represent what James Reynierse — in a series of articles in the journal published by the official MBTI folks — has rightly called a "category mistake."

And the fact that there's so much faux-MBTI and faux-Jungian rubbish all over the internet today that somebody like you can be "into MBTI" (as you say) for five freaking years and still be as confused about it as your OP indicates is a really sorry state of affairs (and it's not your fault).

Just in case you're open to a hefty helping of reality-based input on the relationship between the dichotomies and the functions, the place of the functions (or lack thereof) in the MBTI's history, and the tremendous gap between the dichotomies and the functions in terms of scientific respectability — not to mention the unbearable bogosity of the Grant function stack — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

You sound like an IN to me, and probably an F, and as a final note, that linked reddit comment also includes a link to a 10-post TC series with a lot of type-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"&gt; when you get into Jungian Functions you will understand

Well, it sounds like somebody's short on understanding in the "Jungian function" department, but it's not the OP.

Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any dimension. The current version assigns people a (tentative) preference on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. On top of that, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

In case the OP is interested in a somewhat l-o-n-g (two-part) introduction to E/I, they'll find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)Prior to the publication of the 1998 edition of the MBTI Manual, the official MBTI folks created a "national sample" of 3,000 people that was tweaked to be a representative sample in a number of respects, and besides typing everybody, they also asked the people in the sample quite a lot of supplemental questions. And one question asked them to indicate how important 11 values were in their lives, on a scale of "Very Important," "Somewhat Important," "Somewhat Unimportant," or "Not Important." And the INTJs ranked the lowest of all the types in valuing "Home/family," and "Relationships &amp; friendships."

And that's consistent with my sense that INTJs are probably the type most likely to stay single for life — and contentedly so (in many cases).DaveSuperPowers and "valid MBTI understanding" don't belong in the same county, much less the same sentence. (More [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cdy9u5/fe_vs_fi_and_myths_from_meyers_briggs/etxad2y/))

As a general rule, people who have "valid understandings" and insights that they're genuinely interested in sharing with the world do so *in writing*. If you're searching for enlightenment on YouTube, you're doing your hunting in the wrong forest.&gt; instead I see this mbti pseodo, pseudo science! It’s like a double whammy of bullshit! ...

&gt; So yeah why aren’t there more people who follow jung on here?

Your OP reflects some serious confusion about the relative "scientific" merits of Jung's original notions and the MBTI.

For starters, it might interest you to know that Carl Jung broke with Freud in large part because he thought Freud wanted him (and others) to treat Freud's theories as a kind of religion, rather than having an appropriately sceptical and open-minded scientific attitude toward them.

Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in using scientific methods to the extent possible, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and they've studied both Jung and the MBTI, and noted — correctly — that Jung's typology erred in lumping various psychological characteristics together that decades of studies have shown *are not significantly correlated*. By contrast, after Myers was finished adjusting Jung's system to fit the data, she had a modified version whose dichotomies passed muster by modern scientific standards. As McCrae and Costa explain:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...

&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

The appropriate way to view the Myers-Briggs typology is *not* as some kind of simplified (and more "testable") implementation of Jung's original typology. Instead, it's fairer to say that the Myers-Briggs typology is basically where Jung's typology ended up after it was very substantially modified — not to mention *expanded* — to fit the evidence.

As a final note, though, and on the subject of scientific respectability: it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

For more on the functions-vs.-dichotomies issue, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)

And for more on the *scientific status* issue, see this PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)&gt; I (an INTJ) have never liked any ESFP I've come across, I get on better with ENFP ENFJ etc moreso.

The most well-known MBTI "opposites attract" theory is Keirsey's, and it says you get to the likeliest *complementary opposite* by keeping the S/N preference the same and flipping the other three. So INTJ/ENFP (for example).Both Myers and Keirsey thought likeness on S/N was the most important MBTI-related factor for likely-compatibility purposes.The notion that if you're an "Ni type," you're also an "Se type" — and ditto for the Ne/Si, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs (the so-called "tandems") — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

And just so you know, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.

In over 50 years of MBTI data-gathering, correlating the types with everything under the sun — internal and external both, and including countless aspects of personality as separately measured by lots of other established personality instruments — the correlational patterns associated with those bogustastic "function axes" have *never shown up* in any non-random number of data pools.

Believe it or not, nobody's ever found a single blessed Si-vs.-Se thing where the SJs *and NPs* favored Si and the SPs *and NJs* favored Se.

And nobody's ever found a single blessed Ni-vs.-Ne thing where the NJs *and SPs* favored Ni and the NPs *and SJs* favored Ne.

And nobody's ever found a single blessed Fi-vs.-Fe thing where the FPs *and TJs* favored Fi and the FJs *and TPs* favored Fe.

And nobody's ever found a single blessed Ti-vs.-Te thing where the TPs *and FJs* favored Ti and the TJs *and FPs* favored Te.

And at this point, I think we can be pretty confident that nobody ever will find any of those things, because those "tandem"-based groupings are natives of the same mythical realm as the unicorns and the munchkins.

(More from me [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.)The MBTI, properly framed, is essentially four of the Big Five, and the leading Big Five psychologists (McCrae &amp; Costa, of *NEO-PI-R* fame) have acknowledged as much. And contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may encounter on teh internet, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the *scientific status* issue, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.

As a final note, though, and on the subject of scientific respectability: it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

For more on the functions-vs.-dichotomies issue, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)&gt; Brain-based descriptions of the 8 Jungian functions, by Dr. Dario Nardi. This stuff is backed by science for a change.

Puh-leeze. Dario Nardi is a HaroldGrantian goofball who isn't fit to shine the buckles on Isabel Myers' boots. Assuming Myers was still around. And wore boots with buckles.

And FYI, not even Nardi himself claims that anybody should be drawing any conclusions from the EEG workshop he described in *Neuroscience of Personality*. In an interview at Typology Central at the end of 2017, he stressed that the book "reported on a pilot study. Truly. I can't emphasize that enough. I 'proved' nothing. I gave some evidence and ideas for how to go about doing research." In another thread (at PerC), he explained, "When I started research, I was told that I could run it as a training lab or a formal study. I choose the former, because I wanted to explore."

That "pilot study" involved 60 people and didn't come close to providing sufficient data to respectably validate any of the functions. And it's also been criticized on the grounds that EEGs are too crude a tool for this kind of stuff. Here's most of Wikipedia's list of "disadvantages" of EEG-based research:

&gt;**Disadvantages**
&gt;
&gt;&gt;Low spatial resolution on the scalp. fMRI, for example, can directly display areas of the brain that are active, while EEG requires intense interpretation just to hypothesize what areas are activated by a particular response.  
&gt;&gt;EEG poorly measures neural activity that occurs below the upper layers of the brain (the cortex).  
&gt;&gt;Unlike PET and MRS, cannot identify specific locations in the brain at which various neurotransmitters, drugs, etc. can be found.
&gt;&gt;Signal-to-noise ratio is poor, so sophisticated data analysis and relatively large numbers of subjects are needed to extract useful information from EEG.

What's more, and surprisingly — well, maybe "surprisingly" isn't the right word, given who we're dealing with — Nardi's subjects weren't even typed using any consistent method. As Nardi noted in the TC thread, the participants "were students from my lab. Almost all of them were familiar with temperament from another course, and they had 10 weeks to go through a type self-discovery process that included the keys2cognition.com assessment and (later) the [Nardi Personality Type Indicator], reading type descriptions, and so forth. They could also take the MBTI for free through the career counseling office, though most of them stuck with the NPI."

Notwithstanding all that, Nardi decided the time was right (in 2011) to publish a book about his workshop — but if there's been a single review of *Neuroscience of Personality* in any reasonably well-known psychology periodical, I haven't been able to find it.

The type model Nardi claims he's "seeing" in the EEG data is the Harold Grant function stack — where INFPs are supposedly Fi-Ne-Si-Te, not to mention "Fi/Te types" and "Ne/Si types" — but that model, besides being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, has also failed to find any respectable validation in over 50 years of MBTI data pools. (More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.)

And again, and as Nardi himself has acknowledged, the nature of the very limited amount of data he'd collected (at least as of the time he published that book) was such that it shouldn't be viewed as providing respectable support for *any* theory.

And anybody who thinks that Dario Nardi is ever going to produce a respectable, replicable body of data that validates the Grant function stack — even if he keeps on workshoppin' till he drops — is hereby advised not to hold their breath.

--------------------------------

As a final note, you described Nardi's book as science-backed "for a change" — but in fact, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.

Buuut also on the subject of scientific respectability: it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

For more on the functions-vs.-dichotomies issue, see [my first linked comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)&gt; MBTI dichotomies have not been accepted by **uninformed members of** the scientific community

Fixed that for you.

As noted in my linked post, McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.&gt; As for the Harold Grant function stack, do you support a IEEE &amp; EIII type deal, where the attitude of the tertiary function interrupts the whole function axes bit?

If you read all the way through those three TC posts that my linked reddit comment points to...

[one](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-3.html#post2700454)  
[two](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/76350-understanding-tandem-processes.html#post2451371)  
[three](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored.html#post2880709)

... I think you'll see that I don't believe in *any* function stack, because I think the cognitive functions themselves are just a "category mistake" (to quote Reynierse).

To recycle parts of another couple of (very recent) TC posts....

---------------------------------------------------------

There isn't a single valid thing that can be said about "Fe types" that can't just as well be said with a dichotomy-centric framing. Instead of saying "Fe types" are like *this* and "Fi types" are like *that*, the dichotomy-centric MBTI says *FJs* are like this, and *FPs* are like that.

And FJ-vs-FP differences don't involve *two kinds of feeling* to any greater extent than EF-vs-IF differences, or NF-vs-SF differences.

Every one of the 24 two-dichotomy combinations has aspects of personality that are particularly associated with it — because it's an aspect of personality that tends to be influenced (and most influenced) by contributions from both of those associated preferences. But there's nothing particularly fundamental about the eight combinations that are purportedly associated with the "cognitive functions."

Myers was the one who made those eight associations — and the cognitive function descriptions that you'll most often encounter on your forum and other internet journeys are a set of descriptions that differ in many ways from Jung's original concepts, and are essentially a set that was jerry-rigged to match the (supposedly) corresponding MBTI types.

But not even Myers thought that those eight combinations were the most important contributors to your personality. Not by a long shot. On top of emphasizing the dichotomies over the functions, Myers didn't even think those eight were the most important *two-dichotomy combinations*.

In fact, Myers thought of NF/NT/SF/ST as the most significant dichotomy combinations — and it's worth noting that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

The reason James Reynierse concluded — in [that article I often link to](http://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf) — that, stack considerations aside, the cognitive functions themselves are a "category mistake" isn't that "Fe" and "Fi" descriptions don't include aspects of personality that are validly associated with MBTI FJs and FPs, respectively. They often do!

But an INFJ, assuming four equal-strength preferences for the sake of argument, is no more an NJ or an FJ than they are an NF, and an IN, and an IF, and so on. Nor are they any more NJ than an ENFJ, notwithstanding the mistaken notion that "Ni" (NJ) plays a more *dominant* role in an INFJ's personality than in an ENFJ's personality.

As Reynierse rightly emphasizes, although there are multiple things that *functionistas* have asserted over the past 30 years that purport to go *beyond* what fits within the framework of what I call the Real MBTI Model, not a single, solitary one of those "type dynamics" assertions can point to any respectable empirical support. As part of that linked article, Reynierse points out that the 1998 MBTI Manual (co-authored by Naomi Quenk, who Reynierse specifically calls out for her lack of standards) cited a grand total of *eight studies* involving type dynamics — which Reynierse aptly summarizes as "six studies that failed, one with a questionable interpretation, and one where contradictory evidence was offered as support." He then notes, "Type theory's claim that type dynamics is superior to the static model and the straightforward contribution of the individual preferences rests on this ephemeral empirical foundation."If the OP wants to "start" with me, these links would be my starter kit:

[one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)  
[two](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-3.html#post2700454)  
[three](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/76350-understanding-tandem-processes.html#post2451371)  
[four](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/91585-mbti-tests-scored.html#post2880709)

Links 2, 3 &amp; 4 are also linked (directly or indirectly) in the first link.

And that first linked comment also links to a a 10-post TC series with a lot of type-related input from me, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, a link to roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?" And that series starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699950.html#post2699950)If you want to have a good perspective on what the real-life types are like, it's a mistake to put much (if any) weight on their supposed "dominant" and "auxiliary" functions (much less the lesser functions).

According to standard *functionista* dogma, you should expect INTPs and ISTPs to be more alike than INTPs and INTJs, onnaccounta the INTPs and ISTPs have the same *dominant function*, whereas the INTJs and INTPs, though they may just be one "letter" apart, have *no functions in common*!

Buuut down here on Planet Reality, the S/N dichotomy is the component of MBTI type that has the greatest overall impact. Myers and Keirsey didn't always see eye to eye, but they agreed on that, and they were right. INTPs and INTJs are more alike than INTPs and ISTPs.

As for which dichotomy makes the *second most* difference, I don't have a definite view on that, but I'm inclined to think that E/I and J/P each make a bigger difference (given equal levels of preference strength) than T/F.

Asked to choose which MBTI foursome best qualifies as my *kindred spirits* group, I've always said the INs.I'm not up to fully defining a "perfect person," but one thing I know for sure is that a perfect person, if they existed, would be a person who knew better than to believe in *dom-tert loops.*

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ofqij/introverts_recursive_feedback_loops_as_i_have/dcj5wio/) if you're interested.&gt; It seems you're so hell-bent on hating the mainstream functions theory because you're interpreting it in a literal, nuance-less way.

First, the Harold Grant function stack is not properly described as "mainstream functions theory." On top of being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, it's never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — and for good reason.

Second, I've been posting at MBTI forums since 2009, and the notion that the dichotomies deal with more superficial stuff, and the functions are what the MBTI is *really about*, and INTJs and INTPs may look similar *on the surface* but oho! they're more like opposites deeeeep down inside (cuz INTJs are "Ni/Se" and "Fi/Te" types, and INTPs are "Ne/Si" types and "Fe/Ti" types), has been a *commonly* encountered perspective. It's not some straw man I concocted.

And the bottom line is that the notion that INFPs and ESTJs have MBTI-related stuff in common isn't something that's accurate if you look at it from the appropriate *nuanced* angle. Fifty years of MBTI correlational data says it's 100% horseshit.Well, you're half right. ;D

ADDED: Since you say you've never encountered the functions &gt; dichotomies perspective (really??), here's a flavorful *actual quote* from an INTJforum poster. (And this is from quite a few years ago, and the *functionista* contingent is bigger today than it was then):

&gt; The differences between INTJ and INTP couldn't be greater. ... People who try to figure out if they're INTJ or INTP don't know the first thing about typology. The two types are so different, I don't even see how anyone can think they are one or the other. INTJ: Ni, Te, Fi Se; INTP: Ti, Ne, Si, Fe. It's completely fuckin' different!

Watch a Michael Pierce video on one of the types, and you'll hear (to take INTJ as an example) a section on the INTJ's "Ni" stuff, and another section on their "Te" stuff, and another section on their "Fi" stuff, and a final section on their "Se" stuff. As for their I and N and T and J stuff? Or their IN or NT stuff? Sorry, no discussion of those stuffs — cuz Michael Pierce, like so many of his fellow internet HaroldGrantians, thinks that Ni-Te-Fi-Se is essentially what an INTJ's type is about.It may interest you to know that Jung's function stack for an Ti-dom with a N-aux was Ti-Ni-Se-Fe, just as you've suggested. For a long discussion of that issue (with Jung quotes), see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.
For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)With all due respect, your OP is kinda nonsensical.

Carl Jung is the guy who came up with the "cognitive functions," and he believed that the variation among his "types" was a product of evolution, and had been crafted by evolution to more-or-less reliably produce differences in *behavior* that corresponded to varying reproductive strategies, each successful in its own way.

Decades of twin studies indicate that Jung was very much on the right track, and that the dimensions of personality that both the Big Five and MBTI are tapping into are substantially genetic.

And the variation in what the MBTI calls "preferences" along those dimensions, in cases where the preference is reasonably pronounced, has noteworthy and interesting impacts, *both* internally (in a person's attitudes, values, emotional reactivity, etc.) and externally (in manifested behavior).

Descriptions of *behavior* that tends (on average) to correspond to someone's type are only validly derided as "stereotypes" if they're cartoonishly overstated or otherwise badly put together. And they have nothing to do with the Barnum Effect, to say nothing of Star Signs.

The respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.

But as a final note on the subject of scientific respectability: it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight faux-Jungian functions that are all the rage on teh internet are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

For more on the functions-vs.-dichotomies issue, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.&gt; I feel like once you get into functions its kinda just gobeldy gook

No argument from me there (except I spell it "gobbledy"). As an added note on the subject of scientific respectability: it's the dichotomies, and not the so-called "cognitive functions," that are, and always have been, what's real about the MBTI. Contrary to a lot of what gets posted in the Great Internet Forum Echo Chamber, and as James Reynierse has noted in a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, the eight functions are appropriately characterized as a "category mistake."

For more on the functions-vs.-dichotomies issue, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)The notion that the functions offer more richness and depth than a dichotomy-centric framework is nonsense. Believe it or not, there isn't a *single true thing* that's ever been said, or ever will be said, about "Fe types" (for example) that can't equally be said of FJs. A *dichotomy-centric* approach doesn't leave out the aspects of personality associated with dichotomy *combinations,* and the recognition that there are many of those goes back to Isabel Myers.

And speaking of Myers, it may interest you to know that, on top of emphasizing the dichotomies over the functions, she didn't think the eight dichotomy combinations that are purportedly associated with the functions were the most consequential ones. Myers thought of NF/NT/SF/ST as the MBTI foursomes with the most in common — and it's worth noting that that's a carve-up of the types where each group is a type foursome with (assuming you believe in the functions at all) *four different dominant functions*.

In any case, when it comes to the "Fe" stuff that FJs *and TPs* purportedly have in common, and that differentiates them (in that respect) from FPs and TJs, I'm afraid reddshoes is here to tell you that those HaroldGrantian function axes — which, just in case you don't know, are inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, and have never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks (and for good reason) — are as clothesless as it's possible for an emperor to be.

In over 50 years of MBTI data-gathering, correlating the types with everything under the sun, nobody's ever found a single blessed Fi-vs.-Fe thing where the FPs *and TJs* favored Fi and the FJs *and TPs* favored Fe.

Or an Si-vs.-Se thing where the SJs *and NPs* favored Si and the SPs *and NJs* favored Se. Or an Ni-vs.-Ne thing where the NJs *and SPs* favored Ni and the NPs *and SJs* favored Ne. Or a Ti-vs.-Te thing where the TPs *and FJs* favored Ti and the TJs *and FPs* favored Te.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.I'm afraid you've done a fairly shoddy job in the homework department.

There are hard sciences, soft sciences and pseudosciences, and temperament psychology — in any of its better-established varieties, including the MBTI and the Big Five — belongs (along with most of psychology) in the "soft science" category. And the MBTI can actually point to years of studies that basically put it on a par (psychometrically speaking) with the Big Five.

If you're interested, you can read more about how the MBTI compares to the Big Five, and how the field of personality psychology compares to astrology, and about several other issues often raised by people claiming to "debunk" the MBTI, in this PerC post:

[Another MBTI "Debunking"](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/283457-another-mbti-debunking.html#post8744961)

Among the sources cited in that post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

I'll confess that my linked post doesn't address your assertion that "Jung's theory is the big five" — but that's partly because I've been posting at MBTI forums for over 10 years now, and this is the first time I've ever heard somebody say that. You're correct that the MBTI only includes four of the Big Five dimensions, and that's a shortcoming, but for better and worse — and it's a mix, actually — the MBTI is far more Jungian than the Big Five.You're an N.

If you're interested, you can find a lot of S/N input from me (including quotes from various MBTI sources) in [this Typology Central post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699951.html#post2699951)

That post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"You've got that backwards, bud.

More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.I don't know what you mean by "basic framework," but I've been posting on the MBTI since 2009, and at multiple forums, and I often recycle previous stuff when the same issues come up again (and again and again).I compose most longish posts in Word, and have lots of them saved in various Word documents.Yes, it matters to me.

Also yes, the MBTI is "scientific."

You didn't really ask the second question, but I've answered it anyway.

Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.&gt;  See what I mean?

I see eight paragraphs of nonsense, if that's what you mean.Large-sample stats from the MBTI Manual can be found [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/by46lz/who_is_more_intelligent_intp_vs_intj/eqcixos/)The Harold Grant function stack is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!* Besides being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, that model has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks, and for good reason.

(More [here,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) if you're interested.)Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.Actually, both Jung and Myers viewed type as something that was substantially genetic, and that tended to be at least somewhat hardwired at birth.

That said, I don't think I've ever encountered an official (or otherwise respectable) MBTI source that reflected your characterization of "a solid stance that [type] cannot" change.You're misinformed.

Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/9rkdb4/what_do_you_think_of_people_calling_mbti/e8huxig/) and the long PerC post that it links to.Since you couldn't be arsed to follow my link, let me make things easier for you.

Among the multiple sources cited in my linked PerC post is [a 2003 meta-review and large-sample study](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that summed up the MBTI's relative standing in the personality type field this way:

&gt;In addition to research focused on the application of the MBTI to solve applied assessment problems, a number of studies of its psychometric properties have also been performed (e.g., Harvey &amp; Murry, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Markham, 1994; Harvey, Murry, &amp; Stamoulis, 1995; Johnson &amp; Saunders, 1990; Sipps, Alexander, &amp; Freidt, 1985; Thompson &amp; Borrello, 1986, 1989; Tischler, 1994; Tzeng, Outcalt, Boyer, Ware, &amp; Landis, 1984). Somewhat surprisingly, given the intensity of criticisms offered by its detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993), a review and meta-analysis of a large number of reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) concluded that in terms of these traditional psychometric criteria, the MBTI performed quite well, being clearly on a par with results obtained using more well-accepted personality tests.

...and the authors went on to describe the results of their own 11,000-subject study, which they specifically noted were inconsistent with the notion that the MBTI was somehow of "lower psychometric quality" than Big Five (*aka* FFM) tests. They said:

&gt;In sum, although the MBTI is very widely used in organizations, with literally millions of administrations being given annually (e.g., Moore, 1987; Suplee, 1991), the criticisms of it that have been offered by its vocal detractors (e.g., Pittenger, 1993) have led some psychologists to view it as being of lower psychometric quality in comparison to more recent tests based on the FFM (e.g., McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987). In contrast, we find the findings reported above — especially when viewed in the context of previous confirmatory factor analytic research on the MBTI, and meta-analytic reviews of MBTI reliability and validity studies (Harvey, 1996) — to provide a very firm empirical foundation that can be used to justify the use of the MBTI as a personality assessment device in applied organizational settings.

McCrae and Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists, and authors of the NEO-PI-R, and after reviewing the MBTI's history and status (including performing their own psychometric analysis) back in 1990 — using an earlier version of the MBTI (Form G) than the one being used today — [they concluded](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) that the MBTI and the Big Five might each have things to teach the other, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature," and suggested that their fellow Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.Yikes. What a steaming heap of misinformation.

Opinions are opinions and facts are facts, amigo. Whether Jung, Myers or any other theorist is right about X or Y is something reasonable people can disagree about — up to a point, although if you're going to abide by psychometric standards, you have to be open to the idea that some personality-related theories have respectable levels of empirical support and others are in something more like zodiac territory.

But what Jung believed, and what Myers believed, and how Jung and the MBTI and the Big Five differ, are in many respects matters of *fact*, and you are very much unfamiliar with the facts.

Jung is "cognitive" and the MBTI and Big Five are "behavioral"? That's horseshit on both sides. For more, see [this reddit comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/ct5jt0/critique_of_mbti_the_practice_can_either_be/exj4nr4/) and [this longer discussion](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/638818-mathematics-socionics-post22015394.html#post22015394) (at PerC).

Jung's S/N was mainly about concrete/abstract? That's way off. Jung thought concrete/abstract was one of the core elements of the E/I divide, and the *fact* that that's what he thought is truly unmissable by anyone who's read *Psychological Types*, since it runs through chapter after chapter after chapter.

And that was one of Jung's *biggest mistakes.* It was Isabel Myers, after subjecting Jung to modern psychometric testing, who discovered that an introvert was really no more likely to be abstract (in the S/N sense) than an extravert. And you can find a long discussion of this issue (with lots of Jung quotes) in [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/278818-si-has-nothing-do-nostalgia-recalling-information-past-11.html#post13202602)

And honest to freaking God, I could spend all morning going through your OP and finding other issues to correct, but life is too short.

The main point for you to take home is that you should do a lot more homework before you purport to be *educating your fellow forumites* about what Jung and the MBTI (and the Big Five) are about.

One final glaring example of how confused you are is the fact that you purport to be espousing a *Jungian* perspective, and at the same time you're pointing to the "function axes," which you call "the actual blueprint of a type."

Well, just so you know, the notion that if you're an "Ni type," you're also an "Se type" — and ditto for the Ne/Si, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

And believe it or not, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.  In 50 years of correlating the types with countless personality-related things (both internal and external), those HaroldGrantian *function axes* have stubbornly failed to show up.

For a lot more on that issue, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.

And for a more specific discussion of Jung's function stack (with plentiful Jung quotes), see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)I'm typically asleep within 5 minutes.Assuming for the sake of argument that the two biggest MBTI-related influences on sociability are E/I and T/F (and they are, actually), can you see how focusing on the so-called "cognitive functions" (in relation to that aspect of personality) might throw somebody off?

EFs are the most sociable types, ITs are the least sociable, and ETs and IFs are in-betweeners.

And I think S/N and male/female can both make smaller contributions, with the result that the likeliest social butterfly is a female ESF, and the likeliest hermit is a male INT.

Anyone who says (for example) that INFJs are more sociable than ENFPs — cuz Fe vs. Fi — is viewing the types through a faulty lens.In developing the Myers-Briggs typology, Myers departed from Jung in many ways, both large and small, and it's pretty common to encounter forum posters with the perspective that the MBTI, to the extent that it departs from Jung, mostly represents an oversimplified dumbing-down of Jung and/or a misunderstanding of Jung. But on the contrary, the MBTI owes much of its spectacular success to the fact that the great majority of Briggs' and Myers' additions, corrections and other changes were improvements — including appropriate *expansions* — to Jung's original conceptions of the types.

There's certainly no denying that one of the results of Myers' changes to Jung is that each of her 16 type descriptions differs (to varying degrees) from Jung's description of the cognitive function (and function-dom) that purportedly corresponds to that type. And if I wanted to pick a single cognitive function where Myers' conception of the corresponding types departed the most from Jung, I'm pretty sure I'd pick *introverted sensation*.

And the fact that Jung characterized Si the way he did, combined with the fact that Myers and virtually all other MBTI theorists who pay any attention to the functions associate Si with MBTI SJs, is the reason why modern descriptions of Si — whether you're looking at dichotomy-centric sources or function-centric sources — bear little resemblance to Jung's "Si" descriptions, and are more like the *opposite* of Jung's descriptions in many ways.

As Jung saw it, Si-doms were awkward, touchy eccentrics, detached from reality, who inhabited "a mythological world, where men, animals, railways, houses, rivers, and mountains appear partly as benevolent deities and partly as malevolent demons." In describing what he referred to as "the reality-alienating subjectivity of this type," Jung said that an Si-dom "has an illusory conception of reality," and that the relation between the actual physical world and the Si-dom's perceptions of it is "unpredictable and arbitrary."

By contrast, Myers portrayed IS_Js as among the most down-to-earth and realistic of all the types. She called them the "most practical of the introvert types," and said "they have a complete, realistic, practical respect both for the facts and for whatever responsibilities these facts create. Sensing provides the facts, and after the introverts' characteristic pause for reflection, their judgment accepts the responsibilities."

And when it comes to Si, virtually all the more well-known function-centric theorists are on board with Myers' radical revamp of Jung's original concept.

Lenore Thomson notes that Sensation gives *all* S-doms "an appreciation for objective facts and circumstances, as perceived by the senses, [and] excellent powers of observation." She says Si-doms "count on established facts and concrete results" and particularly excel at "accumulat[ing] information — names, dates, numbers, statistics, references, guidelines, and so forth" — and that Si "prompts [them] to reconcile [their] new impressions with the ones [they've] already stored."

Linda Berens and Dario Nardi also describe Si-doms in ways that are essentially consistent with Myers and inconsistent with Jung. Berens explains that sensing — for Se-doms and Si-doms both — "is a process of becoming aware of sensory information and often involves responding to that sensory information without any judgment or evaluation of it. ... In the Sensing process, the focus is on the actual experience, the facts and the data."

Similarly, Naomi Quenk explains: "Introverted sensing types are careful and orderly in their attention to facts and details. ... They are typically seen as well grounded in reality, trustworthy, and dedicated to preserving traditional values and time-honored institutions. With their focus on the reality of the present, they trust the evidence of their senses, and rely on carefully accumuated past and present evidence to support their conclusions and planned courses of action. ... They tend to take a skeptical, critical attitude to information that has not been verified by the senses and are likely to distrust people who are careless about facts, sloppy about details, and favor imagination and novelty over accuracy and solid substantiation."

Again, Quenk's Si-doms are basically Myers' IS_Js. In terms of the relationship of an Si-dom to sensory data and reality in general, Quenk's conception of introverted sensation — like Myers' and Thomson's and Berens' and Nardi's — comes closer to resembling the *opposite* of Jung's Si-dom than matching Jung's conception.

For a longer discussion, with more Jung quotes, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/)For what it's worth, the official MBTI folks have made it clear they consider it inappropriate and *unethical* to use the MBTI in connection with hiring, firing, job placement and/or promotions, and also consider it unethical to *require* any employee to take the MBTI in the first place.

For more on that, see [here](https://www.myersbriggs.org/myers-and-briggs-foundation/ethical-use-of-the-mbti-instrument/ethical-guidelines.asp) and [here.](https://www.mbtionline.com/Faq)See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cqoy3l/brainbased_descriptions_of_the_8_jungian/ewywl9x/)

Notwithstanding the title of this thread, I think it's fair to say that Nardi's workshop and the word "validity" really don't belong in the same county, much less the same sentence.For a detailed takedown of the idea that when you cross that magic line from J to P, it *flips all your functions*, see [this post.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699961.html#post2699961) And for a more general discussion of the bogosity of that function model, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts it links to.

As for the forum-famous notion that either Jung or the MBTI says you *can't be in the middle*, that's bogus, too. Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man." And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions. And the Step II MBTI divides each dimension into five facets, and says that someone can come down on the J side (for example) of one or more facets and the P side of the rest — not to mention in what they refer to as the "mid-zone."

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959)It's difficult to humblebrag when everybody knows you're not humble.Your OP refers to the "stack" of cognitive functions, and at least one commenter has referred to the "axes."

I suspect you may be under the misimpression that "the MBTI" includes the forum-famous function stack that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!* But if that's what you think, you've been misled.

Believe it or not, that model — the Harold Grant function stack — is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.  In 50 years of correlating the types with countless personality-related things (both internal and external), those HaroldGrantian *function axes* have stubbornly failed to show up.

For a lot more on that issue — and on why it's a mistake to center your type analysis around *anybody's* purported "function stack" — see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.I've been active at INTJforum for over 10 years, and I think it's fair to say that the percentage of INTJs there who are notably open to mystical/occult ideas is very, very small.

The whole world of stuff that gets lumped under the "New Age" umbrella — in the words of Wikipedia, that "decentralized Western social and spiritual movement that seeks ... the attainment of the highest individual human potential ... [and] includes aspects of astrology, esotericism, metaphysics, alternative medicine, music, collectivism, sustainability, and nature ... [and is also] characterized by an individual approach to spiritual practices and philosophies, and the rejection of religious doctrine and dogma" — tends to be much more N than S, but among N's, it's also fair to say than NFs tend to make up the "New Age" core. At the risk of annoying some of the NFs in the audience, I think it's fair to say that the more *flaky* any particular New Age practitioner seems, the more likely it is that they're an NF rather than an NT.

The mystical flavor of some N (and especially Ni) descriptions goes all the way back to Jung, who mostly considered the abstract/concrete component of N/S a component of I/E instead, and conceptualized an N preference primarily in terms of a special ability to perceive the contents of the unconscious and to envision, as Jung put it, "possibilities as to whence [something] came and whither it is going." Jung's Ni-dom portrait has a pretty strong *mystical visionary* aspect that I don't think a typical INTJ (for example) is very likely to identify with.

And it's not uncommon for MBTI tests — both dichotomy tests and functions tests — to include one or more N questions (or Ni or Ne questions) that I suspect an NF or NP is more likely to choose the N response to than an NTJ. I'd say NTJs are the most *grounded* of the N's in a number of ways, with the result that the N responses are sometimes too mystical/flaky/whatever to appeal to an NTJ.

As one example: One of the most well-known MBTI books is *Please Understand Me*, by David Keirsey, and it includes a 70-question test to determine your type. The original version of the book included this question:

&gt;Are visionaries  
&gt;(a) somewhat annoying  
&gt;(b) rather fascinating

This was supposed to be an S/N question. Response (a) was supposed to appeal to S's, and (b) to N's. But I thought it was a poor question because I'm a really strong N, but also a pretty strong TJ, and to me, "visionary" has a spiritual new-agey theories-out-of-thin-air connotation, so I chose (a) annoying. I thought the question was better designed to separate NF's from S's than N's from S's. Well, lo and behold, it looks like quite a few NTs (and maybe especially NTJs) must have had the same problem, because Keirsey adjusted the question for purposes of the later version of the book. In *Please Understand Me II*, the question now reads:

&gt;Do you find visionaries and theorists  
&gt;(a) somewhat annoying  
&gt;(b) rather fascinating

I still think the inclusion of "visionaries" makes it a weak question, but it's better than it was.

As another example: As I've said, I'm an INTJ with what I consider strong T and J preferences, and these Ni items from Nardi's cognitive functions test —

&gt;Experience a premonition or foresee the distant future.  
&gt;Gain a profound realization from a mystical state or sudden release of emotions.  
&gt;Feel attracted to the symbolic, archetypal, or mysterious.

— have too much of a flaky flavor for me to relate to them very well. To identify with that kind of stuff, I think it helps to be an NF or NP (or both), and it probably also helps to be at least somewhat prone to believe in ESP and/or other supernatural stuff — as Jung was. Jung most often gets typed as an INTJ, INTP or INFJ, and the people who consider him an INFJ sometimes point to his mystical bent as one of the reasons they think he was an NF rather than an NT.

FIRST FINAL NOTE: I should probably clarify that I'm not meaning to suggest that I consider it all that likely that an INFJ will have a significant mystical streak (or identify strongly with those Nardi test items) — and all other things being equal, I think a typical INFP is more likely to embrace mystical stuff than a typical INFJ. (Again, I see *both* T and J as, to some degree, "grounding" influences.) But because I think an INTJ is significantly *less* likely to relate to stuff with a mystical flavor, I most often point to INTJs when I'm making the point that I don't really think it's appropriate to characterize IN_Js (or NJs) in those terms.

SECOND FINAL NOTE: And just in case I've given you an overly strong impression that T's have a negative reaction to anything New-Agey, let me re-emphasize that, particularly if you're talking about less fringy/flaky New Age ideas and practices (meditation, yoga, eastern philosophy), you're likely to find plenty of NTs with at least a mild interest.Your OP gives me an INFJ lean, but the J lean is notably weaker than the other three. And I'd also guess that you're above-average in neuroticism (the Big Five factor that doesn't really have a corresponding MBTI dimension).

If you're interested, you can find a lot of J/P input from me in a two-post roundup at Typology Central that starts [here.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-post2699959.html#post2699959) And for what it's worth, that post is part of a 10-post extravaganza with a lot of type-me-related input, including a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, a brief intro to the Big Five *neuroticism* dimension, and a contrarian discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INFx?"Mystical streak notwithstanding, Jung was a believer in using scientific methods to the extent possible, and Isabel Myers took *Psychological Types* and devoted a substantial chunk of her life to putting its typological concepts to the test in accordance with the psychometric standards applicable to the *science* of personality. And the result is that there are quite a lot of substantial differences between Jung's original type concepts and the modern MBTI.

Jung and Myers don't differ on your issue, tho. There's no room in either Jung's original typology or the modern MBTI for an introvert with a *dominant extraverted function*. And the notion that being an introvert or extravert is basically just about *where you get your energy, man* is way at odds with what both Jung and the MBTI have to say about introversion and extraversion. Jung actually spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

My guess is that you've been led off the rails by bad online function-centric analysis, and might benefit from taking a look at [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.If you're just talking about MBTI influences, I'd say that F's, on average, are somewhat more prone to emotional intensity than T's.

And if you're talking about emotional intensity that's *outwardly expressed*, then extraversion would tend to contribute to that. As Jung said:

&gt;Both [extraverts and introverts] are capable of *enthusiasm*. What fills the extravert's heart flows out of his mouth, but the enthusiasm of the introvert is the very thing that seals his lips.

But the personality dimension with the biggest influence on emotional intensity is probably neuroticism, which is the Big Five factor that doesn't really have a corresponding MBTI dimension.Fear not. The problem isn't with you; it's with those faux-Jungian "cognitive functions."

See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/)&gt; Calling them "faux-Jungian" is a misuse of the term "Jungian." It would be like saying that everything Paul said is "faux-Christian" or that all roguelike games are "faux-rogue."

No, actually, it wouldn't be like that at all.

Many of the leading *functionistas* (e.g., Berens and Nardi) talk about the functions as commonly described online — the set that was jerry-rigged to match up with Myers' types — as if they're *Jung's* functions, and imply that they have a more respectable pedigree than they do.

But to take one glaring example, and as discussed at length in [this comment,](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zolyc/si_in_two_quotes/dezvsgo/) the "Si" descriptions that are most often discussed on internet forums (and found in sources like Berens and Nardi), and that match up with MBTI SJs to a substantial degree, are more like the *opposite* of Jung's "Si" than like Jung's "Si."

Those differences, compounded by the very non-Jungian stack adopted by most of the modern *functionistas* (e.g., INFP=Fi-Ne-Si-Te), are why I (appropriately) characterize those functions as "faux-Jungian."&gt;Paul contradicted Jesus constantly. He's still a foundational Christian writer who maybe had more influence on Christianity than Christ himself. All those people are Jungians. I'm not going to play rhetorical games with someone either not knowledgeable enough or not engaging in good faith.

You're completely missing the point. Myers "contradicted" Jung in many ways in developing the MBTI, and that speaks well for her, because she put Jung's original concepts to the test and went where the data took her.

The problem with Berens, Nardi and their fellow HaroldGrantian *functionistas* — well, one of the many problems — is that for 20 years they've been peddling an offshoot of the MBTI that's inconsistent with *both* Jung *and* the data, while misrepresenting it to the world as the *Jungian cognitive functions,* and claiming that pretty much all Isabel Myers did was come up with a clever way to test for those "Jungian" types.Who's Taleb?I've read discussions/references to *The Black Swan*, but haven't read the book, and don't remember reading that its author was fond of "ista" suffixes.Your OP refers to "how MBTI utilitizes the functions" — but the function stack you're referring to (the one with the "axes"), besides being inconsistent with both Jung and Myers, has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks, and for good reason: namely, that unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, that function stack (the Harold Grant function stack) has no substantial body of evidence behind it, and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point. In 50 years of correlating the types with countless personality-related things (both internal and external), the patterns associated with those HaroldGrantian *function axes* have stubbornly failed to show up.

The supposed *tertiary Si* of an INFP has the same "scientific status" as an INFP's zodiac sign.

For more, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.INFs — which is why it's no surprise they're the most likely types to self-identify as Enneagram 4's.Thanks for clearing that up.So... let's say a travel magazine has two staff members that it's sending on a trip, to co-write an article about the place they're visiting.

One's an ISTJ, and one's an ISFP.

And the magazine's going to task one of them with bringing back a *just the facts, ma'am* report that hews, as closely as possible, to the objective qualities of the stuff they encounter, while tasking the other one to be the *impressionist* (if you will) whose report consists mostly of their subjective responses.

Are you telling us that the magazine should assign the *just the facts* report to the ISFP (cuz Se), and assign the *subjective impressions* write-up to the ISTJ (cuz Si)?Well, with all due respect, given that 99% of r/mbti readers associate Si with SJ, and Se with SP — consistent with Myers and 99% of MBTI sources — if you're going to write a long OP that reflects an idiosyncratic system of your own where Si/Se don't line up with SJ/SP, you should make that clear up front.

Which types favor Si over Se (and *vice versa*) in your system?Thanks for the word salad.

I didn't ask you which types you thought "only used" Si or Se.

And if you can't tell us which types you think tend to *favor* one over the other, how do you expect us to understand who you're talking about in your non-MBTI system?You gave examples that involved just half the types, and that also left out the T/F influence that you said came into play in my ISTJ/ISFP example.

Your second reply says that ISTJs are "very Si" (which your OP associates with a *subjective* "relationship to the physical world"), but your first reply to me said that T-over-F was the functional difference that caused somebody to have a "just the facts, ma'am" approach.

Can you point me to a post or other source that describes your system with any completeness, or are you just making it up as you go along?

As a final note, your latest reply says you're "teaching people about Jungian thought," but given that you're describing ES_Ps as "very Si," you can hardly claim to be subscribing to a Jungian system, any more than to the MBTI. As explained at length in [this post,](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218) Jung believed that both of an extravert's "conscious functions" (the dom and aux) would be extraverted — and accordingly, that no ES would even have Si in their stack (much less be "very Si").Since I'm not familiar with your system, your typo wasn't an "obvious typo" to me.

Does your system reflect Jung's function stack (e.g., Si-Ti-Fe-Ne for an Si-dom with a T-aux)? Your ESXJ = "Te/Sx" example suggests that it doesn't.It means different things, depending on the context.

An NTJ who considers themselves essentially in the middle (ambiverted) on E/I may refer to themselves as an xNTJ.

But xNTJ also sometimes gets used as an umbrella category that includes both ENTJs and INTJs.

And so, as another example, you'll sometimes see references to "xNxx" — and that's most often used to mean *all* N types, rather than as a reference to people who have an N preference but are in the middle on the other three dimensions.Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things extraverts had in common, and introverts had in common, than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

And as further explained (with quotes) in that linked post, Jung said that extraverts were extraverted in *both* their judgments and perceptions (i.e., both their dom and aux), and that extraversion was the extravert's "conscious attitude" (i.e., the one that applied to both of what Jung referred to as their two "conscious functions"), and that the introverted "compensation" that an extravert experienced came — and in typically problematic ways — from their unconscious functions (e.g., the inferior function and, in a typical case, a tertiary function that acted as the inferior's auxiliary).

He wasn't "a bit inconsistent" about that "over the years," nor was it a minor issue to him. E/I psychodynamics was the core of Jung's type model, and never once did he describe E/I facing off in the form of an extraverted dom and a (differentiated) introverted aux (or *vice versa*).

In any case, getting back to your system...

So are you saying that your OP only really describes objective/subjective S differences as you'd expect to see them manifested in ISJs (Si) and ESPs (Se), and that you think people with S in anything other than the dom position aren't notably more likely to be objective than subjective? (You say you don't find it "valuable or realistic" to try to "codify" whether someone's auxiliary S is extraverted or introverted.) If so, I'd think your OP should have made that clear.

In any case, I'm still at a loss to understand how an ISTJ can be "very Si" (as you say) — and in the context of Si signifying a *subjective* "relationship to physical reality" (as you say) — and at the same time be a "just the facts" type because (as you also say) their T-over-F preference is the main factor that comes into play in determining whether they have an objective or subjective "response" to the facts.

One of your replies suggests that those two things aren't inconsistent because Si could cause an ISTJ to be prone to "experience" something *subjectively* while their T preference made them prone to "describe" it objectively — but besides seeming pretty goofy on its face (not to put too fine a point on it), that's also very much non-Jungian. Jung emphasized that what he characterized as "perception" functions weren't *passive*, but on the contrary, were very much involved in how the perceiver *understood and interpreted* what was being perceived.

Discussing Ne in Chapter 10, Jung said: "Just as sensation, when it is the dominant function, is not a mere reactive process of no further significance for the object, but an activity that seizes and shapes its object, so intuition is not mere perception, or vision, but an active, creative process that puts into the object just as much as it takes out."Repairing is caring.I wasn't using "Enneagram 4" as an insult, in case that's what you thought.If you're under the impression that introversion and extraversion are essentially about *where you get your energy, man,* you've been badly misled.

And in case you'd be interested in a somewhat l-o-n-g (two-part) introduction to E/I, you can find one in these two reddit comments:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)Never. It's nothing personal. I only say "I love you" to dogs.No worries. I'm a confirmed bachelor.

I've sworn off dogs, too, to be honest. I'm fond of them, but they demand too much of the time I could otherwise spend interacting with strangers on the internet.Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cts7wz/as_of_today_ive_renounced_the_myers_briggs_heres/exn8r12/)Twin studies suggest that genes account for around half (or more) of the kinds of relatively stable temperament dimensions that personality typologies like the MBTI and Big Five are tapping into.

But the genetics is complicated: an introvert's identical twin brother would probably be an introvert, but they might have two extraverted parents.

The most counterintuitive conclusion that's been drawn from the cumulative data is that *how your parents raise you has almost no influence on your basic temperament* — e.g., whether you'll end up an INTJ. Identical twins raised in the same household are not significantly more alike (in terms of temperament) than identical twins raised in separate households.
For quite a bit more discussion of all this, see [this reddit comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5mmx3c/debate_time_when_is_your_type_formed/dc52z23/)Statistically speaking, NFs are the likeliest creative-artist types, and N is the biggest factor — and that's consistent with Jung's perspective as well.

INFP is arguably the single most likely artist type (with INFJ and INTP both runner-up contenders), while ISFPs are relatively unlikely artist types. The "ISFP as artist" notion came from David Keirsey, and I think Keirsey had quite a few insightful things to say, but the ISFP=artist thing was probably his biggest mistake. For quite a lot more on the MBTI and creativity and the arts (stats included), see [this PerC post](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/163030-characteristics-frequently-associated-myers-briggs-personality-types.html#post4170517) and [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/517898-isfp-infp-post16548954.html#post16548954)

Hopefully needless to say, personality type is about *tendencies and probabilities*, so it's pretty much always inappropriate to say "X type *always* does that" or "X type *never* does that." Even assuming that ISTJ is your correct type, there's no reason that should discourage you from continuing with your musical pursuits, assuming that your interests and talents point you in that direction. But it's not surprising to hear that you haven't found very many fellow ISTJs at music school.ESTPThank you for providing us with another good example of that perennial personality forum meme, "Jeez, some of the questions on that test are sooooooo stupid!" :p

One of the assumptions behind most modern personality typologies, including the MBTI and Big Five, is the notion that someone's preferences correspond to relatively hardwired and substantially genetic dimensions of human personality that were presumably favored by evolution for reasons we may never fully understand.

The aim of personality tests is to type people as accurately as possible with respect to those dimensions. And there's nothing that says that a test item that does a psychometrically impressive job of sorting MBTI N's from S's (for example) is necessarily going to rise to anybody's idea of intellectual sophistication, or be comprised of two choices that correspond to the kind of neat logical opposition likely to please the philosophy majors in the audience.

All of the items on the current form of the official MBTI test got there by a process of elimination that started decades ago and has involved hundreds of tested items, with the survivors basically being the items that have been found to do the best job of clustering — based on thousands of tests and the psychometric standards applicable in the personality typology field — with the other items being scored for the same preference. (And that's not to say that any one item is likely to be chosen by anything like 90% or more of the appropriate type.)

And it's a common mistake — but a mistake nonetheless — to think there's something wrong with a two-choice personality test item if either both answers appeal to you (so you want to say, "Both, please!") or both answers seem too extreme or otherwise don't fit you. In those cases, you're supposed to do your best to pick the option that seems like the best fit (in the first case) or the *least poor fit* (in the second). They don't call that kind of test "forced choice" for nothing.


The MBTI Manual expressly acknowledges that, in many cases, both sides of a particular item are likely to have some appeal to any particular test-taker, and also that, in many cases, the alternative choices don't exactly make sense in terms of a *logical opposition*. As the Manual explains:

&gt;In writing items, every effort was made to make the responses appeal to the appropriate types, for example, to make the perceptive response to a JP item as attractive to P people as the judging response is to J people. The result is that responses may be psychologically rather than logically opposed, a fact that annoys many thinking types. **Item content is less important than that the words and form of the sentence should serve as a "stimulus to evoke a type response."**

And here's a little bit of what Myers said in *Gifts Differing* about the relationship of the actual underlying temperament preferences to behavior, test items and summary descriptions:

&gt;Since the more superficial aspects of type are often the easiest to report, many trivial reactions are useful for identification, but these are merely straws to show which way the wind blows. They are not the wind. **It would be a mistake to assume that the essence of an attitude or of a perceptive or judging process is defined by** its trivial surface effects or by **the test items that reflect it** or by the words used to describe it.

Two final points:

1. If you're not going to be satisfied until you reach the point where you "can relatively safely type someone just based on their eye movement and/or brief interactions" (as you put it), I say: *give up now.*

2. If you want to read about why, whatever your preferred typing techniques turn out to be, they'll be far more reality-grounded if they're framed in terms of dichotomies (and all 24 dichotomy combinations) than if they revolve around the so-called "cognitive functions" — and why James Reynierse, as part of a series of articles in the official MBTI journal, rightly ended up characterizing those eight forum-famous functions as a "category mistake" — you can find a lot of potentially eye-opening discussion of those issues in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.&gt;How do you define 'scientific' in this context? If we allow that IQ and MBTI are correlated, this still does not allow us to conclude that MBTI is a scientifically valid measure of personality.

???

What do you think "validity" means in the context of personality psychology? The principal way that a typing instrument's validity is established is by showing that the resulting type groupings correlate with a bunch of real-world things.

And believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cts7wz/as_of_today_ive_renounced_the_myers_briggs_heres/exn8r12/)

And for a set of large-sample stats (from the MBTI Manual) showing how *all four* of the MBTI dimensions correlate with IQ, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/by46lz/who_is_more_intelligent_intp_vs_intj/eqcixos/)I often cite my sources. If you can point me to any comments that talk about an uncited source, I'll be happy to provide an ID (and/or link, if I have one).Yeah, baby. It's always great to hear from another *enlightener* on the internet, telling us all about what *Mr. Jung* had to say without having much of a clue about what Jung actually said.

 Jung didn't think introversion and extraversion involved "friendliness, or willingness to engage"? Really?

Well, actually, Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about introversion and extraversion than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — and he believed that E/I had been crafted by evolution to cause two different kinds of reproductive strategies, and he thought that "friendliness," and "willingness to engage" went to the heart of those strategies.

Here's a sample of what he had to say:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

Anyone interested in a more informed take on Jung's E/I perspective than Mr. PersonalityAtWork has to offer (with more Jung quotes to chew on) can find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)Just so you know, the notion that if you're an "Ni type," you're also an "Se type" — and ditto for the Ne/Si, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

And believe it or not, that model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.  In 50 years of correlating the types with countless personality-related things (both internal and external), those HaroldGrantian *function axes* have stubbornly failed to show up.

For more on the bogosity of the Grant stack, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.Your position is a little unclear to me. You say you "respect the E/I spectrum," but are you also saying that it's a "spectrum" without a middle? How does that work?The fact that you think of E/I in terms of *energizing* suggests to me that you've been getting too much of your MBTI information from poor internet sources.

Jung framed his eight types as four varieties of introvert and four varieties of extravert, and spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together — but he *also* said that he thought more people were in the middle than were extraverted or introverted, and he referred to those ambiverts as "the normal man."

And Myers allowed for the possibility of middleness on all four MBTI dimensions.

In at least one of the early versions of the MBTI, it was possible to get an "x" on any dimension. The current version assigns people a (tentative) preference on each dimension, but that's a very different thing from saying that it *isn't possible* for someone not to have a preference — and the MBTI Manual specifically notes that someone with a score near the middle is someone who has essentially "split the vote" rather than offered much evidence of a preference. On top of that, the recent "Step II" version of the MBTI has five subscales for each dimension, and it's possible to come out on the E side (for example) of some of them and the I side of the rest.

Just in case you'd be interested in a longish introduction to E/I that doesn't use the word "energize" a single time, you can find it here:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)&gt; It sounded like OP was talking about real introversion/extroversion, which is measured by how sensitive someone is to dopamine.

To paraphrase my pal Inigo Montoya, I do not think that word "real" means what you think it means.

[Check this out.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extraversion_and_introversion)I don't think Step II adds all that much to Step I, frankly, but because quite a bit of the Step II descriptions of the facets from the Manual have been posted on the internet, I'd recommend reading through those. You can find them here:

[Extraversion/Introversion](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2505745)  
[Sensing/Intuition](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html#post2506658)  
[Thinking/Feeling](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2509569)  
[Judging/Perceiving](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/99661-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets-2.html#post2527232)

But as for Socionics... I don't recommend spending time on any source that centers their analysis around the "cognitive functions," and if you want to know why, you can read about why the faux-Jungian functions that often dominate forum discussions have been (rightly) characterized as a "category mistake" (and in the official MBTI journal, no less) in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long TC post that it links to.I'm an INTJ, and when I'm not using my head for serious stuff, I sometimes store it up my butt.

The smell takes some getting used to, but it's nice and quiet, and I can't hear the phone ring.Besides being cheap, I believe in using natural methods whenever possible.Sorry, but the large-sample (also multiple-sample) stats in the MBTI are pretty good evidence that the strongest MBTI-related contributor to both academic aptitude and academic achievement is N, but the runner-up is *introversion* (not extraversion).

And you can view the resulting rankings [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/by46lz/who_is_more_intelligent_intp_vs_intj/eqcixos/)

Can you point us to any decent-sized data pools where MBTI extraverts outscored MBTI introverts with respect to IQ, grades, or any other conventional measure of academic aptitude or achievement?You seem to be under the misimpression that if E correlates with something (e.g., assertiveness), and Intellect correlates with the same thing, then E and Intellect must also correlate.

That's a fail in the Statistics 101 department.

There are many, many aspects of personality (including intelligence) that more than one of the Big Five dimensions (or facets) contributes to. But that correlation doesn't mean that each of those Big Five dimensions (or facets) must also correlate *with each other.*

More specifically: it may well be that, all other things being equal, N's are more assertive than S's, and E's are more assertive than I's. The fact that N's are also more *intellectual* than S's, combined with the correlations in the first sentence, do *not* mean that E's are more intellectual than I's.

Thanks for listening.&gt;Assertiveness is one of the two facets of Extraversion and they are indivisible constructs.

Sorry, but if you're talking about the underlying human reality, Extraversion and Assertiveness are certainly not "indivisible contstructs."

Big Five data shows lots of intercorrelations at the facet level, including between facets of different dimensions.

"Assertiveness" can be a label for a collection of personality aspects that are more commonly found in extraverts, and it can simultaneously be the case that, all other things being equal, N's are more assertive (in terms of that theoretical construct) than S's — and that emphatically does *not* imply that extraverts must be higher in any other aspect of personality that's more typical of N's than S's.

I've already asked if you can point us to any decent-sized data pools where extraverts outscored introverts with respect to IQ, grades, or any other conventional measure of academic aptitude or achievement. And you haven't, and I'll be surprised if you can.

And in any case, that article in your OP doesn't point to any.&gt; OMFG, learn to read then criticize. ...  
&gt;Still not convinced? Look:  
&gt; https://psych.wisc.edu/henriques/papers/Sak.pdf

That Sak study involved a measure (or measures) of introversion by which 35% of the general population was considered introverted (and 65% extraverted).

And introverts made up almost half the gifted sample (48.7%). So according to that study, an introvert, on average, is 1.75 times more likely to be gifted than an extravert.

And yet you're pointing to that study as purported support for your position that "extraverts are smarter than introverts."

Somebody gots to "learn to read," but I'm thinking maybe it ain't me.See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/djb943/lets_talk_about_ambiverts/f448xhq/)It sounds like you completely misinterpreted my comment.

Like all the Big Five dimensions, E/I is a multifaceted cluster, and it's a mistake to claim that anybody's figured out that what it's *really about* is any one thing — physiological, attitudinal, or behavioral.

The respectable districts of the MBTI and astrology belong in very different categories, in large part because although Myers and Briggs (mostly) started from Jung, they put him to the test by modern psychometric standards, and (mostly) went where the data took them.Where's masturbation in your hierarchy of worthwhile activities?

Asking for a friend.And may I ask what worthwhile purpose reading about not masturbating could possibly serve, assuming that you were no more likely to stop masturbating than to find a unicorn?You said all activity was dumb unless there was a "biological aspect to it."Reread. Your previous reply purported to distinguish between "learning for learning's sake" (which I'd referred to) and "theory for theory's sake."

What's the "biological aspect" to "learning for learning's sake" that distinguishes it from "theory for theory's sake"?Pardon me, but the *only* explanation your OP offered us for the "dumb" and "moronic" nature of "theory for theory's sake" was...

&gt; theory for theory's sake is even dumber [than eating for eating's sake] because there is no biological aspect to it.That sentence starts that way, but as I said, it's the *only* criteria offered in your OP.

You said somebody's "a moron" if they're doing something "for no reason or no results."

But assuming for the sake of argument that someone creates a theory *for theory' sake*, then obviously there's a "reason" (*for theory's sake,* not to mention their enjoyment of the process, probably), and a "result" (the theory).

So assuming for the sake of argument that your statement isn't 100% moronic, the reader has to assume that you're meaning to distinguish between worthless and worthwhile categories of *reasons* and *results.*

A-a-and as I already pointed out (at least twice), "biological aspect" is the only criteria you gave us for making that all-important distinction between moronic and non-moronic activities.

Do you have another criteria in mind?

I asked you why you seemed to think that "theory for theory's sake" was moronic, but "learning for learning's sake" wasn't, and you dodged that question.???

Most theorists create theories with the idea that they're a form of *understanding*, even if a "theory for theory's sake" theorist may not care if that's going to lead to any further "results" — just as a "learning for learning's sake" learner may simply value the understanding for its own sake, and not care if it leads to any further results.

And assuming that either that theorist, or that learner, derives some kind of satisfaction/pleasure from their activities, who are you to say it's "moronic"?I'm quite confident that there's no risk that I'll ever make the same argument you're making hereWhether a theorist enjoys theorizing for its own sake, without caring about whether their theories are going to lead to any practical-world results, is pretty much an *entirely different issue* from whether a theory that purports to describe/explain aspects of the real world actually bears any resemblance to reality.

Did I really need to point that out?&gt;This person doesn't exist. Even pure mathematicians get all defensive when you compare their work to physics and then they point out all the practical value their work has.

I've spent countless hours over the past 10 years exploring, and having discussions about, the MBTI.

Have I made use of the MBTI to achieve practical results? Barely at all, and in any case, that's not what motivates me.

Do I not exist?

There are lots of people who've spent a comparable number of hours watching sports on TV over the past 10 years (to take just one example), and who haven't done it to achieve any practical results. It's just something that interests them, and that they enjoy.

Do they not exist?

Are you ever going to explain why you think engaging in an activity that gives any person satisfaction is "moronic" unless it leads to some *further result*? Or what kind of *further result* qualifies — "biological" or "practical" or whatever?

Does the Big Five exist? McCrae &amp; Costa (the leading Big Five psychologists) point out that people high in Openness to Ideas (one of the six Openness facets) are prone to "pursuit of intellectual interests for their own sake," and also tend to be fond of "brain teasers."

Do you think people high in Openness to Ideas are more likely to be "morons" than average?It's confusing, isn't it?

Well, don't feel bad. Allow me to respectfully suggest that the problem isn't with you; it's with the so-called "cognitive functions."

And if you're interested, you can find a long explanation in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long TC post that it links to.Most likely: ESFP.  
Least likely: INTJ.

Biggest factor: E/I.  
Maybe 2nd &amp; 3rd biggest factors (respectively): F/T &amp; P/J.

It was Sartre who said, "Hell is other people" — and methinks he was probably an INTJ.Just so you know, that "theory" you've been studying and "obsessing over" for a while — the one that associates INTPs with Ti-Ne-Si-Fe — isn't the MBTI. It's the forum-famous Harold Grant function stack, and it's inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks. More importantly, and unlike the respectable districts of the MBTI, the Grant function stack has no substantial body of evidence behind it — and should probably be considered all but *disproven* at this point.  In 50 years of correlating the types with countless personality-related things (both internal and external), its fabled *function axes* have stubbornly failed to show up.

For more on the bogosity of the Grant stack, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.

The respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of correlational data that puts the MBTI in the same psychometric category as the Big Five, and if uninformed "debunkings" of the MBTI have led you to believe otherwise, you can read more about that [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cts7wz/as_of_today_ive_renounced_the_myers_briggs_heres/exn8r12/)

But very much by contrast, the supposed *tertiary Si* of an INTP has the same scientific status as an INTP's zodiac sign.

As a final note, and since you've also asked for typing assistance, the first linked post in this comment ends with a link to a 10-post collection of typing input from me that includes a separate section on each of the four MBTI dimensions, roundups of online profiles for each of the 16 types, and a brief intro to Neuroticism — not to mention a provocative discussion of that perennial puzzler, "can I haz INTx?"Just so you know, and as I'm always pointing out (hey, it's a big internet), the notion that if you're an "Ne type," you're also an "Si type" — and ditto for the Ni/Se, Fi/Te and Fe/Ti pairs — is a by-product of the Harold Grant function stack, which is the forum-famous model that says that INFPs are Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and INFJs are Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, and ZOMG, INFPs and INFJs have *no functions in common!*

That model is inconsistent with Jung, inconsistent with Myers, and has never been endorsed by the official MBTI folks — which is hardly surprising, since the correlational patterns that would be associated with those axes (if they were real) have stubbornly failed to make an appearance in over 50 years of MBTI data pools.

For more on why an INTP should no more associate any aspect of their personality with "tertiary Si" than they should stay up waiting for the Great Pumpkin, see [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the posts that it links to.See [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/dpou81/what_is_the_deal_with_the_axis_based_function/f5xc9zw/)Staying ignorant is soooooo much easier. Who wouldn't choose that trail, eh?Si-dom the "master of detail and grounding"?

Yikes.

If your aim is to educate the world on Jung's perspective, maaaaybe you should actually read Jung first. Just a thought.

As it happens, Jung viewed Si-doms as among the "most useless of men" (in terms of practical accomplishments) precisely because he viewed them as arguably the most *ungrounded* and divorced from reality of all the types.

And if you're interested in a long discussion of that, full of detail and grounding, have a look [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8mbmib/deciphering_psychological_types_1_si/dzmh9mz)&gt;passive aggressive!

My apologies. I didn't intend my comment to be passive, and I'm sorry you took it that way.

&gt;how you'd describe them

You can find my take on the functions, and learn why they've been rightly characterized as a "category mistake," in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.INTJs typically test as 5 or 6, and 5w6 is the most common result (based on my internet forum experience).

Reading Enneagram type descriptions, I identify much more with 5 than 6, and I relate more to 5w4 than 5w6 when I look at Riso's descriptions. But when I take Enneagram tests, I typically come out 5w6, and I don't know if I've ever come out 5w4 on a test.Here's my transcription of 1:21:33 thru 1:22:48 of the video:

&gt;Do I have any thoughts on the Myers-Briggs personality test? Yes. It's old. It isn't psychometrically valid. It wasn't derived by factor-analytic techniques. It should be replaced by the Big Five, or the Big Five Aspects Scale, which you can use if you go to understandmyself.com. We've put it online for people to use and to generate a personality report.
&gt;
&gt;Myers and Briggs attempted to make a questionnaire predicated on Jungian presuppositions, and perhaps they did a fine job for the 1930s. But that was a long time ago, and there weren't any powerful computational devices of the kind that were necessary to sort out the structure of personality properly, which we've managed to do since about 1960 onward.
&gt;
&gt;So, now, the Myers-Briggs is a perfectly useful tool if what you want to do is get people to talk about the fact that there are individual differences in personality. And corporations love it because no one gets offended by it, because everyone wins. But if you want a personality test that actually tells you who you are, that's valid and reliable, then you use the Big Five. And that's that.
&gt;
&gt;And so I would say that the Myers-Briggs should be relegated to the dustbins of the past, because it's a defunct and archaic instrument, and it's no longer properly valid. And so that's that.

But I'd urge anyone to click on the link and actually watch Mr. Peterson, assuming you're interested in spending a minute and 15 seconds of your life looking at the face of a fatuous blowhard whose intellectual integrity is in the toilet.

And in case anybody's interested in the facts, the first MBTI Manual was published in 1962, along with Form F of the MBTI, which reflected years of development (assisted by the Educational Testing Service) using modern psychometric techniques. And it's been updated several times since, and the latest version (Form M) was published in 1998.

McCrae &amp; Costa are the leading Big Five psychologists (authors of the NEO-PI-R), and here's [their description](http://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_from_the_perspective_of_the_five-factor_model_of_personality) of how Myers got from Jung to the MBTI:

&gt;Jung's descriptions of what might be considered superficial but objectively observable characteristics often include traits that do not empirically covary. Jung described extraverts as "open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters," but also as morally conventional and tough-minded in James's sense. Decades of research on the dimension of extraversion show that these attributes simply do not cohere in a single factor. ...
&gt;
&gt;Faced with these difficulties, Myers and Briggs created an instrument by elaborating on the most easily assessed and distinctive traits suggested by Jung's writings and their own observations of individuals they considered exemplars of different types and by relying heavily on traditional psychometric procedures (principally item-scale correlations). Their work produced a set of internally consistent and relatively uncorrelated indices.

That same 1990 review of the MBTI, in addition to finding the MBTI psychometrically respectable, approvingly pointed to the MBTI's "extensive empirical literature" (i.e., the decades of MBTI studies that already existed at that time), and suggested that Big Five typologists could benefit by reviewing MBTI studies for additional insights into the four dimensions of personality that the two typologies essentially share, as well as "valuable replications" of Big Five studies.

As for how the Big Five and MBTI *compare* in the validity and reliability departments, [here's a 2003 article](http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.4902&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf) that discusses both (1) a meta-review of existing MBTI studies, and (2) the authors' own 11,000-subject study, on the basis of which they conclude that the MBTI is psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests.

Want moar? Here are the two official MBTI sources backing up the validity and reliability of the MBTI typology in its Step I and Step II incarnations:

Step I: [MBTI Form M Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_FormM_Supp.pdf)   
Step II: [MBTI Step II Manual Supplement](https://shop.cpp.com/pdfs/MBTI_StepII_Man_Supp.pdf)

**tl;dr:** Jordan Peterson failed to do his homework, and Jordan Peterson should be ashamed of himself.The weirdest thing is how many people are strongly dismissive of the E/I dichotomy while at the same time thinking that their perspective lines up with Jung's, and that treating extraverts and introverts as substantially different beasts was a mistake Briggs and Myers made in the process of, like, *dumbing down* Jung for the masses or something.

Just in case there are any people like that in this thread's audience, I can't resist mentioning that Jung spent more of *Psychological Types* talking about the things he thought extraverts had in common and introverts had in common than he spent talking about all eight of the functions put together.

Here's a sample:

&gt;[Extraverts and introverts] are so different and present such a striking contrast that their existence becomes quite obvious even to the layman once it has been pointed out. Everyone knows those reserved, inscrutable, rather shy people who form the strongest possible contrast to the open, sociable, jovial, or at least friendly and approachable characters who are on good terms with everybody, or quarrel with everybody, but always relate to them in some way and in turn are affected by them.

And just in case anyone's wondering how that kind of dichotomistic talk could be consistent with the idea of an introvert with Fe as their auxiliary function, the explanation is that Jung believed that both of an introvert's "conscious functions" (as Jung referred to them) — i.e., their dominant and auxiliary functions — would be introverted.

For more on Jung's function model, see [this PerC post.](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/298194-jung-attitude-auxiliary-post9293218.html#post9293218)

And for a lot more discussion of what being extraverted or introverted is about, see [this TC post.](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/what-s-my-type-/85135-please-help-type-2.html#post2699950)

And if you read that and you still haven't had enough of me, well, first of all, God bless you, and second, you can find more E/I discussion (including several more colorful Jung quotes) in this two-part reddit comment:

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfuo0/)  
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5gv5gj/do_people_not_understand_the_difference_between/davfyjd/)&gt;no science behind it

You're misinformed.

Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cts7wz/as_of_today_ive_renounced_the_myers_briggs_heres/exn8r12/)&gt;Briggs (wife) + Myers (husband)

Actually, it was Briggs (mother) and Myers (daughter).

And the rest of your silly OP is just as well-grounded in the facts as your opening.

Congratulations?

Any redditors interested in a more accurate recounting of how the MBTI was developed, and how it relates to Jung's original theories, will find it in [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.&gt;I'm particularly interested in what u/reddshoes has to say since I see him a lot.

What I have to say about the Grant stack is no mystery, partly because I link to long, explanatory posts of mine on a regular basis.

See [this reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5tum23/how_can_if_figure_out_my_function_stacking/ddp76d7/) and the long Typology Central post that it links to.

There isn't a single pair of MBTI preferences where, if you create an eight-type group made up of the four types with those two preferences and the four types with the opposite preferences (e.g., the TPs and the FJs), that group has been found to have a single, blessed aspect of personality in common — e.g., a supposed tendency to favor one or more "Fe" things over the counterpart "Fi" things — that differentiates them (in that respect) from the other eight types (in this example, the TJs and the FPs).

Not a single thing. Not for any of the pairings that are used to create those goofy Grantian "function axes," and not for any other MBTI preference pairing, either.

That's what an utter lack of psychometric validity looks like, and that's why the supposed "tertiary Si" of an INTP is in the same category as that INTP's zodiac sign.

And there's a lot more explanation and discussion to be found if you follow the link.&gt; (The post you linked is deleted?)

It's working for me.I'm a post-in-public-threads dude, not a private-tutor dude, but if you follow my links (and the links in those links, and so on), you'll find that they lead to a metric ass ton of input from me.&gt;this is not a legit or valid test per the scientific community. It’s not valid and empirical. 

You've been misinformed.

Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings — like that shoddy Adam Grant post you linked to (and which I discuss in my linked post) — the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cts7wz/as_of_today_ive_renounced_the_myers_briggs_heres/exn8r12/)Many, many independent studies, going back decades. The sources linked (directly and indirectly) in my comment and the long PerC post offer plenty of evidence of that, if you're interested.\*sighs\*

Another day, another bold MBTI *debunker*

Believe it or not, the respectable districts of the MBTI are backed by decades of psychometric support, as the leading Big Five psychologists (among others) have acknowledged. In fact, contrary to some of the poorly-informed MBTI "debunkings" you may have encountered in your internet wanderings, the MBTI has been found to be psychometrically "on a par" with the leading Big Five tests in the reliability and validity departments.

For more on the scientific status of the MBTI, see [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/cts7wz/as_of_today_ive_renounced_the_myers_briggs_heres/exn8r12/)

"Just as accurate as horoscopes?" If you don't change your mind, that will speak poorly for you, not me.
That I generally dislike everyone.Like most of the 'stronger' types, I think it's more likely that everyone would just end up splitting into various factions, ESPECIALLY ExTJs, given their desire for 'leadership'.Wisdom/emotional intelligence. I want to fully understand my own and others' emotions to directly make my own and others' lives better.INFJ. Proven to be true IRL.1. INTJ, but you knew that.
2. Sexual
3. My introverted feeling is right in the process of developing. Developing feelings for women is still a struggle, but lessons are learned. My main focus in life is just to learn how my emotions work. Se remains my stress escape.
P.S. I seem to be quite clearly 5w4 if that's relevant.- Trying to work out ultra specific definitions for the cognitive functions
- My language(s) that I'm making
- Politics and Economics
- The philosophy/way of life I'm creating, how I might live according to it in the future
- Relationships, what will work/won't work, and how to prevent myself from going off the deep end emotionally like I always do when I develop "feelings"Absolutely. But we should be careful not to simplify that to "An INTJ and an ESFJ are NOT compatible." for example. It's just LESS LIKELY that they will be.I'm inclined to believe you could change it by force, but I doubt it'd happen by itself.The reasons are twofold:

- The cognitive functions, within MBTI types, are organised into opposing pairs. Then, the order determines how strong they are. How strong one side of a pair is, determines how weak the other side is. So Fe-Ti is a pair, and so with Ti being the strongest, Fe MUST be the weakest (seen as all use of Ti must necessarily deny Fe). Add that to the fact that opposites must be introverted and extraverted, and you've got your answer. What I personally want to know is why the "shadow functions" are placed below our weakest function. Ti is a big part of my thinking, but shadow function theory, or even just a 4 function theory, says that I never use it.
- Extravertedness and Introvertedness are required for any semblance of a functioning human being. If you turn outwards all the time, you lose any sense of self, and have no time to actually process the data you've collected, which slowly empties you or makes you into a disordered mess. If you turn inwards all the time, you completely lose touch with the real world and will basically be stuck processing the same information on and on forever with no end. Thus, we must turn outward to gather information, and interact with the world, and turn inward to process it into something that can be used, and then again we turn back out, and on it goes.1) I'm just explaining the system.
2) You seem not to understand what I said; Ti is supposed to be the opposite of Fe. If you say that one is not the opposite of the other, then your conception of one or both is faulty. At least in the theory I put forward.
3) The point is not that we must be PERFECTLY balanced in introversion and extraversion, else we'd not have introverts or extroverts. In addition, an "extroverted function" does not imply extroversion either. It's just a 'focus on the outside'.

I'm also wondering why someone who's so adamantly opposed to MBTI has come to an MBTI Reddit.Not entirely sure what the first part was trying to say, but yeah, it means people are going to neglect their lower functions a lot, in the theory. I do, in fact, but obviously that's prone to confirmation bias. I'm always in my head, never focusing on the present, kinesthetic things. My ENTP friend actively rejects any kind of routine (Si) and constantly seeks excitement and novelty (Ne). On the flip side, my ISFJ mother is obsessed with routine and tradition/what she's been told to do, and rejects new ideas and ways of doing things (Ne) on the explicit grounds that she's "always done it this way".

Your point about the stack is interesting. I am aware of function loops, however (and seemingly been in one) and seen first-hand what it means to "only be using introverted thought processes". I wonder how that'd be explained away, or a new theory put in its place.Only if you think that each person uses all 8 functions, yeah.Why are INFJs so good at chopping vegetables? Because of their NiFe.

What's an INTJ's favourite time of day? NiTe.

What's an ISTJ's strongest sense? SiTe.I'd bet INTP.I consider what the ultimate goal is far into the future, I become excited about my life only insofar as I get a cool goal to aspire to (most of the time). I've heard Ni doms also get a sense of being a 'ghost in the machine'. We don't tend to feel 'connected' to our bodies.

As for my friendship with an INFJ, I don't know what it is. I can just tell she's "like me".Same. ;)How is INTJ a caricature of Si-Te?It's a common phrase used to describe views on mind/body duality (dualism).As far as it goes with my ENTP friend, it's just that he likes to be "the alpha male" around women. And INFP women seem to be quite feminine and submissive (more so than other feeler females).That might be it. I was only offering a hypothesis anyway. Could easily be false, given that my sample size is one.I just take them on their word, and if it's plain that they're hiding something, then I just gently tell them they can say what they like. I do understand it's a pain in the arse when they take it too far though.In every poll I've seen from INTJs, ESTJs and ESFJs score highest on "most hated type".Emotionally immature. Seems fitting for INTJs as far as I know them.Doesn't work. You will narrow it down BY getting to functions.You'll find out when you...learn cognitive functions! It's what's really going on with MBTI. Tests for MBTI were 'tacked on', and are generally unreliable. Basically, I'm telling you actually learn proper MBTI. To be as succinct as possible, I'll reword it once more: Cognitive Functions contain all the detail for the personality types. If you learn how they work, you will be able to pin down your own type, and the types of others. I've correctly guessed people's personality types with high accuracy using my understanding of cognitive functions. So get to it.

This'll be your jumping off point. http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/You can mistype literally anything if your scores on the test are weak. I've said it before, you can't do it without cognitive functions.The adjective "shallow" implies excessiveness. It is, by definition, 'wrong'. Liking psychical attractiveness a whole lot isn't shallow.
 What makes you so sure she's got Fi?1) What is your MBTI type? - INTJ

2) What is your gender? - Male

3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?) - Any INxx + ENTPs.

4) What type(s) do you Love/adore? - INFJ

5) What type(s) are the most dateable? - For me, INxx, though likely INFJs.

6) What type(s) would you be willing/want to marry? - INFJ. They're enough like me to have real kinship, but different enough to be interesting (and Fe can be endearing).

7) What type(s) make wonderful friends? - INxx

8) What type(s) make you LAUGH? - xNxP

9) What type(s) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with? - ExxJ

10) What type(s) can you not stand/dislike/respect? - ESTJ, ESFJ
I understand it to a point. But I personally am just too cognizant of what I dislike about people and interaction.So that's either a nail in the heart for cognitive functions OR the 4 function model. Or I/we don't understand it.If a confirmed ENFJ shows Fi, it implies that at least one of these statements is true:

- Cognitive functions are bollocks.
- The model of personality types consisting of 4, alternating extroverted/introverted cognitive functions is bollocks.
- We do not understand what is meant by Extroverted Feeling.Yep. I agree. ESTP and ENTP. ISFJ would be rekt with no retaliation.I don't know what you're on about with that second paragraph. There's either no difference between being "altruistic" and "nice", or being "altruistic" is literally impossible.

And honestly, all the types have their flaws omitted from descriptions, in my experience. People who have typed and then experienced a type first hand (multiple times of course) can give a better idea of their flaws (and their virtues). For instance, the flaw I've heard about ENFJs is that they are constantly manipulative and do not have a good conception of personal boundaries. I've also heard it said that ENFJs (as all Fe doms) become, as one INTJ said, "mild nazis" to their romantic partners.From what I remember learning when I believed in it, that seems pretty apt!Never known one (don't know more than 1 sensor...) but descriptions make them seem like the coolest sensor there is.My elaboration:

"There is no reason to suppose that our minds, which have been shown to correlate to the physical brain, would be any different to literally everything else observed so far in the cosmos. Free will is nothing more than randomness, and randomness is short form for 'We don't know how to predict it yet.'"I can't see it having been downvoted.So why'd you lie?The correct answer. ;)INxx's basically.You mean everyone who typed as an INTJ except me?Nooo! I'm not a true OG kush INTJ. :(-defends INTPs-By far.You put INTP in laborers. That just sums up the whole post.Just pick a thinking type, really.Sounds textbook INxJ, especially INFJ.That is definitely a case in favour of INTJ, but other things point to INFJ; like being fairly 'extraverted' for an obvious introvert.It would make sense that intuitives are more rare, because a society needs fewer of them to survive; we've always needed the strong, persistent, and detail oriented to do what needs to be done until more recently (we still need them, just less).

Intuitives being more interested in MBTI is a part of what defines them as intuitives; higher concern for the conceptual, and what connects things together.Si is concerned with the details that are connected, Intuition for what connects them...So what, every post about MBTI has to present all the evidence for why the MBTI system is valid because otherwise it "assumes the accuracy...of MBTI, without any supportive arguments or data."?What do you mean by "reading people"?- Feels good once you've got into it
- More attractive to females in general, securing me a better chance at more attractive femalesSe - Lack of foresight/preference for improvisation

Si - Prefer routine/preference for perserverence

Ne - Unreliable, 'flakey'/preference for novelty

Ni - Terrible under pressure to act in the moment/preference for long term thinkingI do. I think specific situations should be used.Oh, I see.

An ENFP friend cannot have sex in the same manner with the same person for too long, or she doesn't enjoy it anymore (Ne seeking novelty).

Last night, I was considering how I had worked out how to get somewhere by following tram lines. I'm in Italy, having moved from England, and I made sure to consider that I would best stay on the right hand side of the road, seen as the tram would have to be moving on that side as well, so as to stay as close to the line as possible, and make sure I don't get lost from losing track of the line. (Ni foresight)Have you considered you might just be a non-whiny-hippy INFP? INFJ groups devolve into similar whining, but more about how they're amazing, unappreciated angels whose farts don't stink and how they can't solve basic problems in their lives.

INTJ groups are fairly good (other types tend to agree they're the best), but they have their drawbacks too - i.e."You don't exhibit this narrow, usually idiotic, usually grossly stereotypical behaviour all the time, so you're all fake INTJs!". Of course the person who says so is *always* a *real* INTJ.Well, it may also be that they fit the stereotype, and the accuracy of the test drew them in.Tip: Use punctuation. It's hard to understand your question.Te is stubborn unless you can prove it has tangible effects (that's basically logic). Fe is stubbornly against things that seem to hurt people's feelings. Only Se and Ne can be said not to be 'stubborn' in some way.It is predicted by type, but only probabilistically.INFJs and INTJs make a good match, but it depends on details that are beyond MBTI. Talk to her silly.Given the explanations you've given, you're just trying to get the benefits of meditation without actually putting in the work. I accept it's harder to do meditation for intuitives, particular Ne doms who can't sit still, but you just have to do it. If you feel annoyed, do more meditation. Accepting things as they come and not buzzing around is the point. To try and get away from that is to try and get away from meditation in principle.

If you don't like focusing (I don't either) try Shikantaza of the Soto Zen sect, but you may well run into the same problem.I don't have anything I dislike about myself, because I change it if I do.It is? Don't like doing something, stop doing it. If you apply yourself, you can eliminate genuine character flaws very very quickly.I don't quite consider that myself, nor anything of actual concern. Guess it's the Stoic in me. It's none of my concern.Clearly a shitpost, but INFJs have hidden hubris (in contrast with perhaps INTJs' more obvious hubris).All sensors are ignored except ISxP.

ExxJs are completely ignored as a whole.What a shock, that an ENTP would prefer stuff ENTPs prefer to talk about!For INTPs, it's basically obligatory.I don't get how an INTP is any less good than other types. In fact, I'd count them higher than most, personally.Research on Big Five, translated to MBTI terms, shows that "SJWism" is high among the xNFPs. xNFJs surely don't follow far behind, though.MBTI is all about dichotomies. Even functions.

- Ni - Se
- Ne - Si
- Te - Fi
- Ti - FeHe didn't say they're bad for being different to him. In fact, he gave many examples of types quite different to his own that he accepted.Preference. Preference then entails energy, and leads to competence.We don't. Genocide time.I think it is possible, but the circumstances/effort required would be quite large.You're closer to INFJ, but I don't think you're INFJ. Just keep researching.See, yeah, you don't understand the system enough yet. INxJs are going to be the *least rash* type in general, *because* they have Se - *in the inferior position.*Doesn't work like that. Ni is cautious, almost a bit too much.All intuitives except ENxJs. Then I know kind of little about all sensors.What the hell does any of this mean? How was any of this decided upon?It's the "blind spot". It's part of the 8 function theory of types. The "blind spot" is the 3rd function with its polarity switched (introversion &gt;&lt; extroversion). So with Fi as their third, INTJ and ISTJ have Fe as their blind spot. The 8th function (Si and Ni respectively for those types) is even more unconscious, virtually inaccessible.
Why wouldn't someone want to know why they were wrong??? 
Same score, same type.I've also heard that I come across as condescending, particularly from my ENFP ex-husband, who complained about it using platitudes. As you state, the non-constructive (and non-specific) criticism wasn't easy and just made me feel misunderstood and angry. It wasn't until my current ENTJ partner pointed out some specific observations he made about the ways in which people were perceiving me (thought I was smarter, better, coming across as aggressive and impatient) that I finally understood the criticism. 
1.) Why do INFJs listen very intently, and then in response to something, they try to answer in the way they think they should answer rather than answering honestly and accurately.  

Example:  I'll talk to one INFJ about something, and then I'll ask her if she's ever done that thing, an she'll respond that yes, she has even though she hasn't, and then she proceeds to say something about how I might feel about it rather than answering my question or being honest in the first place.

2.) Why do some INFJs make sound effects while you talk?  

Example:  Another INFJ I know will randomly say things while I'm talking like "Wow!" or "Whoah!" or she'll make a sound that's not a word that's implied to be an empathetic sound.  She does this even when she has no idea what I'm talking about, so logically, she cannot be "Wowed" because she doesn't know what I'm talking about.  I know I shouldn't let it bother me, but sometimes when she does this, I just immediately stop saying whatever I'm I the middle of saying, and I'm like "Why'd you say wow?"  and try to get an explanation out of her when she clearly doesn't have one.Okay, well I'll keep that in mind in the future, so I know they're not just completely ignoring me.  Oh, and I just noticed that both numbers are 1.  Reddit autocorrected that, but I fixed it.I kind of disagree with the whole aging thing.  Some younger INTJs have no problem using their tertiary function (Fi) and some older ones can barely use their auxiliary function (Te).  Young meaning like 15 years old.  No problem meaning that they can identify and respond appropriately to both their feelings and others' feelings.I've met two other INTJs that are 15 (out of the 4 I know in real life) and, yes, myself that can do that.  I just disagree that everyone develops so late in life.  But, I guess, as you said, 90% might fit your criteria.  I might argue for less than that, but I wouldn't really have evidence.Hello again.  I'm curious: how can you differentiate as to whether something is high stack or low stack?No, INTJs can develop social skills like small talk and we can also get decent at being able to respond to emotions.  

But you're definitely onto something.  Dario Nardi actually stated somewhere (maybe in his AMA) that a developed INTJ actually has very similar brain patterns to an ISFP.  I know Fi isn't about small talk.  I'm just saying that types don't have to fit their stereotypes.  I commonly see in the INTJ subreddit things like "Oh, you have friends?  You must not be an INTJ."  

And okay, that makes sense about feeling functions.  Nonetheless, just because people are young, it doesn't mean they can't have a strong sense of morals and values.  If that's not what you mean though, please correct me.  

And yes, I actually ordered Jung's *Psychological Types*, so it should be coming soon.  I'm looking forward to reading it.  

Edit: I found where Dario Nardi says things about INTJs and ISFPs: [AMA Link](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/18gudp/ama_with_typologist_dario_nardi/c8eon48)Okay, that makes sense.  Or at least as much sense as it can make without some research on my end.  Thanks for answering.Interesting observation.  I've never really noticed that, but the fact that young INTJs either have no values or ultra-strong values is very true.  I was actually the type that had the ultra-strong values and have since then been developing them.  I still don't understand why that has to be in only 40 to 50 year olds though.  Can functions not be consciously developed?  I thought that was one of the main purposes of MBTI: to consciously develop ourselves.  Yeah, that makes sense.  And even a lot of people that do know about MBTI just use it as an excuse not to learn what the stereotypes say they should be bad at.

With that said, yes, I can't expect to have the mental/emotional maturity of a 40 year old by the time I hit 20, but that's not a reason to not try in my opinion.  

"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars."Well, I've already got a small business going with a friend (ENTP), and I'm hoping to have it as successful as a real business by the time I'm out of high school.  Obviously, I'm not expecting to be rich, but if all goes well, I'll be in a leadership position in the business and it will be doing well.  I'll have to be able to have at least some maturity to manage that.  

Not only that, but I'm trying to learn as much as I can while I'm in high school.  Learning coding (and using it for the business), playing piano, violin, cello, etc. are all things that I love and want to be good at.  I also like playing sports and practice them a lot too.  I think I can go further in these fields by having a more developed personality.

I guess my main reason for wanting to develop myself to that extent is just because adults treat youth like idiots.  That's probably my biggest pet peeve.  If I can develop my personality, and people see it, I'll gain the respect of adults and others that I have respect for.

So do I put too much pressure on myself?  Yeah, probably, but it will be cool to look back 20 years from now and not think that I was wasting my time.  

Edit: If you don't mind sharing, I'm actually curious to hear of your experiences seeing as you said that you're "still learning that lesson."  Fair enough.  Well, thanks for the discussion then.INTJ

I've just gotten into piano improvisation, but I've already played classically for 11-12 years, so patterns are nothing new for me.  I just think of a time period I want to emulate, think of generally how I could do that (chord structure, rhythm, general style, etc.), and then I just start improvising.  So far, I can emulate the Romantic period pretty well, and I can improv ragtime some.  While I realize that my Fi definitely isn't fully developed, I think I've developed my dominant (Ni) and auxiliary (Te) pretty well.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but a developed Te should be able to logically use, analyze, and explain evidence.  If that explanation of a developed Te is correct, than I have a fairly well developed Te because I've written several essays on various theories that I have, and I'm also able to verbally communicate them.  My Ni is also heavily used in my essays because of the way I come up with the theories in the first place.  I just kind of keep feeding myself information, and I eventually come up with a theory on it.

With that said, I definitely don't have an underdeveloped Fi like some INTJs because I do realize that nobody's perfect, but I just try as hard as I can to be the best I can at what I do although I can relate to your statement:

&gt; People either measure up or they don't

Although I do realize that people are just people, and so as long as they are doing their personal best, I acknowledge that.I'm an INTJ, and if you go to the INTJ sub, you'll see tons of threads about understanding emotions and going to social events because a lot of INTJs don't like or can't do those things.  INTJs are also very prone to being arrogant and thinking we're better than everyone else.  I disagree.  INTJs tend to have a ton of hobbies that they work on super hard for a couple of weeks, and then they tend to give up the hobby or work less hard on it.  This characteristic of INTJs is often discussed in r/INTJYep, we Ni doms have to stick together, right?I personally know an ISTJ who usually gets 2nd or 3rd in state-wide math competitions.  I know he has Si and not Se though.  &gt; It highly values internal, logical consistency and validity over empirical truth, which is the domain of Te.

This confuses me because shouldn't empirical truth come out to the same thing as logic? I could see a difference in the way that Te goes about doing something like high level math than Ti, but in real-life situations, it seems like Te and Ti would both come to the same conclusions about things.

If you could provide an example of Ti and Te coming to a different conclusion, I think that would be really helpful.Could you provide an example of what you're talking about?Celebration?  More like time for a psychological experiment.  This is the best time to have one because you have such a large sample size.I could be wrong because it's been so long since I watched his talk, but I thought he said that each type has several subtypes, but if you are left-handed, there is a chance that your brain could be totally different from any of the 16 types.Lots of research, and I find that writing essays helps me to understand material because I realize the spots where I lack knowledge.I haven't done much with algorithms yet, but in the next year or so, I'll be dual enrolling and probably taking some computer science classes.  So with that said, my knowledge of data structures isn't great, and it's mostly based on what I've been able to come up myself in NodeJS, Java, Elixir, etc. and then find out that someone already made the same concept.

So I read up on the different data structures, and I would definitely agree with Ji being like a Trie data structure.  Although the data that they are separating into prefixes comes from multiple data types instead of just strings.  At this point, scientists might not know much about how the brain does stuff computationally, but I would be interested in finding out how the brain structures data.  

As far as the Merkle tree, I also agree because from what it looks like, it can be used to do stuff like find the difference between two sets of data.  I always wondered how Git knew which code was new and which wasn't, so that was definitely interesting to read about.

Anyway, it looks like the Merkle tree could actually be useful in a project that I'm working on right now, so thanks for mentioning it.Yeah, and that's what I'm a little confused about.  I know that the perceiving functions are traditionally thought of as the information-gathering functions, but I'm not quite sure how an introverted function like Ni would collect external data.  It seems like it would have to be passed in from a function that deals with the external world like Te even though Te isn't considered an information-gathering function.  

So anyway, I'm looking through Dario Nardi's INTJ and maybe INFJ video to find information on Ni.  I'd also like to start studying neuroscience a little bit rather than just plain functions, so I can have a full, modern understanding of the brain.    Yeah, I realized it was more of an analogy.  And like I mentioned in another comment, I'm wanting to start studying more neuroscience because at a certain point, the personality theory just becomes speculation with no one really knowing what's correct or not.  It seems like you've studied that to some degree, so if you have any resources for learning, I'd definitely be interested.

As far as the algorithms you're developing, that's really interesting.  I've always thought it would be a cool idea (although currently highly above my skill level) to create an AI based on cognitive functions, although I realize that's not exactly what you're doing.  But if I understand you correctly, you're trying to create more efficient computational algorithms that are modeled off of the brain.  

Again, I don't know too much in the field, but since a brain is pretty far removed from how a regular computer works, would using the brain as a model be effective?  It's like when I've researched quantum computing, they say that a quantum computer won't be more efficient at normal tasks than just a regular CPU, but it will be better at other problems specific to its architecture.  So likewise, wouldn't you have to have "brain-hardware" for the brain-derived algorithms to be more effective?  That's interesting.  Based on my previous understanding of how the function "stack" works, Se wouldn't be developed enough to be that useful.  But after listening to a video on INTJs by Nardi, he was saying that his findings didn't support the stack so much as he was saying that each function has it's own role.  

So Se would have the information-gathering role, but it wouldn't be developed enough to be used as the primary outlook on life.  I suppose Te would pretty immediately take the information received from Se, and then process it to then hand it off to Ni.  I find that INTPs actually use bigger words in their writing.  For instance, I was proof reading an INTP's essay for school recently, and it was funny because it was supposed to be an argumentative paper, but he turned it into a philosophical, discussion based paper with huge words that ultimately just saying that all the opinions had there own value when looked at in a certain perspective.  It seems like he reached for knowledge from his Ti, and then when he attempted to describe the idea, he used his Ne which basically turned into an explosion of ideas, all logical, but none that were really that valuable because they aren't elaborated on.

In argumentative essays that I write for school, I usually present them quite efficiently.  I provide a quote or other evidence, then explain what it means and what significance it has in the overall argument, and then I move on to the next idea or paragraph.  In my school essays, there usually isn't a lot of fluff.  When I write an essay like this one though, I don't proof read it quite as many times as I would for school, so it still contains quite a few things that I would fix if I were going to get it graded.

I find that a lot of INTPs are really hard to understand when they write unless you are knowledgable in that area.  For instance, try reading [Solitary Walker's INTP profile](http://personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/13348-solitarywalkers-intp-profile.html).  He's an INTP, and I was only recently able to fully appreciate his writing because I couldn't understand it for a while.  I guess the biggest problem I have with a lot of INTP writing is that a lot of it could be cut out of the essay and still retain the meaning.

So basically, to sum it up, I think that the signature INTP writing style doesn't quite match up to my usual one, although it might in this circumstance just because of how much I've researched the subject.  I've gotten better at writing because of school, and I think that an INTP could do the same, although they would end up with a different writing style.  So as far as just writing, I find that it's just a practiced ability.If I'm socially overstimulated, and it's something that I'm passionate about, I start to talk at Mach 1 Speed.  I don't know why that is.  Perhaps because I start to rely on my Se more.I've found that turbulent often means that you have an underdeveloped judging function (most likely in the tertiary function spot).  

For an ENTP, for example, that would most likely be Fe.  So when Fe is underdeveloped, they are more likely to do whatever everyone else wants them to do, rather than what they want to do.

An INTJ might have Fi underdeveloped, so when topics of morals, ethics, religion, etc. come up, he/she gets defensive and might feel a need to belittle the person who brought it up.

Unfortunately, Michael Castillo made his videos private "for a personal project" when I was in the middle of watching them.  They were pretty great though, and I'll watch them as soon as he makes them public again.  I also like Type Tips, although I have only recently seen that channel.Yeah, it's been maybe two months since he started his personal project, so hopefully he'll finish it soon.INTJ: DepressedAlright, thanks! I'll do more research into these topics and see if I can write a decent paper.Thanks, that sounds really interesting. I'll probably end up using some of that in my research paper.Technically Carl Jung came up with most of the cognitive functions, but he didn't know about intuition, so one of his assistants (or maybe wife, I forget) told him about intuition potentially existing, and that's why he included it. I'm sorry, but for me, talking to an **underdeveloped** Si dom is the most boring experience ever because they like to cover every small talk technique in existence like "Have you heard the weather's supposed to be going down a few degrees over the next week?" or "Wow, is that a new clock on your wall?" 

Then I mention something about how I heard about some new scientific breakthrough that could have implications in new medical cures, to which they might respond "Yeah, my son was going to go to medical school, but he decided to law school instead."

I think you'll find that the functions really show themselves when you talked to underdeveloped people in general because they are heavily using one function, whereas a developed ISTJ might be able to hold a deep philosophical conversation.I've actually found that Se types can be fun to talk with just because of their spontaneous nature. They're good at doing random impressions of other people which can help them with humor quite a bit. They can also be fun when at a social event like a dance because they aren't afraid to crazily dance, whereas someone like me will shy away from dances.So in short, if I had to summarize each function's conversation style:

1. Ni - 
 1. Positive - Can explore a single thought's possibilities and effects as it intertwines with different areas of life. 
 2. Negative - Can seem dreamy, almost like they are not fully paying attention to you
2. Ne - Infinite idea generation that stems from whatever you say.
 1.  Positive - Extremely unique problem solving methods, and they can always think about something in a new, valid perspective
 2. Negative - They can troll pretty hard. They can also get entire groups distracted at will which is not great for studying.
3. Si - 
 1. Positive - Conversations are focused which is great for study groups or working
 2. Negative - when casual conversations gets too focused, they can become the most boring thing in the world
4. Se - 
 1. Positive - Always includes facial expressions into the conversation. They can tell a pretty good story with concrete details. 
 2. Negative - they can get distracted easily, and it's difficult to focus on one topic for very long.
5. Fi - 
 1. Positive - Super genuine; they truly empathize with you. I feel like they're always listening to me, and I don't feel judged at all even though Fi is a judging function. Because of this, Fi types can be super persuasive when they ask you to do something. 
 2. Negative - underdeveloped Fi is super easy to offend, so it can be difficult to make jokes with them. For instance, my friend is very touchy about women's rights, so even if I want to make a slightly off color joke, I won't because I know she'll stay mad at me. 
6. Fe - 
 1. Positive - Can comfort people easily and make them feel welcome. They sympathize with you which can be good for certain types.
 2. Negative - Can be stressed out easily, and they can be too dependent on other people. Can also seem very fake as opposed to Fi. When trying to comfort people, they do it based on how the Fe user would feel, not necessarily how the person being comforted will feel. This can cause annoyance between Te and Fe.
7. Ti - 
 1. Positive - It's logical, but it doesn't necessarily feel the need to infringe on your life which Te might do with its efficiency. Because of this, it isn't as offensive as Te can be. If they know a topic well, they can also explain a very difficult process in simple terms because they have broken it down so much.
 2. Negative - Can get caught up on definitions and feels the need to use extraordinarily massive vocabulary.
8. Te - 
 1. Positive - Packs a lot of content (As opposed to just fluff) in conversations.
 2. Negative - Can be so efficient as to be abrupt and rude during conversationsI mean, it's my experience with the different types. I don't think you fully understand how helpful Si could be with not procrastinating (I know, you're an ISTJ, so I guess you do fully understand...). And maybe this isn't true, but the ISTJs I know are like amazing at not procrastinating because they are focused and on task. When I meet with my ENTP and INTP friends, we get almost nothing done because we end up talking about the theoretical implications of what would happen if certain political systems were set in place.

Se is awesome as well. The people I know with Se that are able to positively use it have SO much fun with life. Nothing can get them down because they're just in the moment. And if you look at who's successful in the long run, many people would say that it's the people who are happy. Unfortunately, I realize that many of our top positions are geared towards abstract, research type positions, but many times those same people still aren't happy. 9 times out of 10, it's your perspective that determines whether you're happy or not, and in this category, the Se doms I know win.

You say that we intuitives are discriminatory. And you're right. You provide great examples for why Si/Se are discriminated against. But here's the thing. You have to look at the functions and how useful they are on the scale of life, not individual instances. Si and Se are incredibly useful. But you can't deny that the other functions like Ni/Ne are too. And likewise, Ni/Ne have incredible faults to them that people like me struggle against and develop daily. That's why you have to develop yourself, so you can use all of the functions effectively. 

I hope that makes sense. I'm just saying that all the functions are useful, but we're not going to sugarcoat it and say that you can just use Si or just use Ni and be super effective in life. You have to develop all the functions. Sorry! Didn't mean for it to come off like that. How could I have done better with still getting the point across? 

Edit: See? This is a perfect example of the negative qualities of Te. Obviously INTJs never make mistakes, so it's clear I was purposefully being abrupt and rude. /sEdit: wording

There are no rights and wrongs in typology, only observations. These are merely my observations. I realize that you have different observations.Dario Nardi himself said that there are huge variations between people of the same type. But even without neuroscience, my observations about people affect how I understand a certain function. And if you're defining personality by how someone behaves without regard to neuroscience then everyone's perspective is equally valid because they can't be "wrong" about how they perceive someone. 

However, even if the entire system is incorrect, I would still disagree that there's no point in talking about the functions. This is because the functions give you a vocabulary to talk about your weaknesses and strengths and things you might have observed before, but just didn't have a name for them. Now that someone gave some general categories for how a person works, it helps us to recognize our weaknesses.

I like typology, but when people take it like a religion, they're very likely incorrect because neuroscience does not support much of our theories. Sorry to inform you, but the theory is a little more than 100 years old. Perhaps we shouldn't defend it to the death, and more people should focus on improving the state of current personality theory in general.

Kousei Arima - Your Lie in AprilDoing well I suppose. I'm not sure what you're asking.There are lots and lots of misconceptions about personality. Here are some common ones:

**Underdeveloped Te dom:**

1. Statement: "There's no validity to the whole personality theory because there's not a significant amount of evidence."
2. Response: "There's definitely not a ton of evidence, but look up Dario Nardi's neuroscience of personality. Also research where the cerebral cortex and how each region of the cerebral cortex's strength contributes to personality."

**Underdeveloped Fe dom:**

1. Statement: "I don't really like putting people in a box. I think people are unique" 
2. Response: "Oh yeah, I'm definitely not putting anyone in a box. They should already be in said boxes, so I'm just observing the box around them, not putting them in it."


I've also heard this a lot: "Personality theory is dumb because my personality changes all the time according to that MBTI test." Here's how I respond:

"Let's define personality to clear some things up. From a neuroscientific perspective, personality is the hierarchy of strengths within the brain. You are naturally weaker with some regions than others, and your outward appearance shows this because you will naturally become more tired of some activities over others. Now some examples. "

"Let's say I'm really bad at dancing, and I decide to practice for a month. Then if someone invites me to a dance, I'm much more likely to go. When I take a MBTI test, if they ask me if I like to go to dances, then I might say yes even though I naturally wouldn't. This makes the results inaccurate because I am *overdeveloped* from the perspective of the test."

"In the opposite way, I could also have low self esteem. I might enjoy an activity naturally, but I don't think I'm good enough to do it, so on the MBTI test, I answer differently than my brain would show. This makes the results inaccurate because of underdevelopment."

"The problem with the online tests is that they measure behavior, or your external actions. MBTI is making the assumption that your brain will match up with your preferences, however this is clearly not always the case. You'll always have underlying strengths and weaknesses which is what personality is, but the way you express or repress those can differ from person to person."Fair enough. How might the community change to better suit you? I know the sensing vs intuiting bias is very real. Is that what you're referring to?Thanks! I guess I can add a little to it and put it in a new post.So I guess the problem results from a lack of depth in people's research. They've done just enough to know that thinking and feeling exist, but not enough to know the positives and negatives of both. I guess they often just know either the positive or the negative of something, causing them to not like those types.Definitely. Keep in mind though that this is Reddit, so many people here are very immature. And yeah, I think that a lot of good people here try to stress that we are not our types. You might have seen the posts here called "you are not your type." The problem is that those same people get drowned out by all the beginners who only know a tiny bit about personality theory but still want to contribute to the community.

I would say that level of smartness and personality are not related. Of course, I have my own way of defining smart which is the net amount of intelligence, wisdom, and knowledge that a person has. I think it was actually my first post here on reddit. So I definitely agree that personality type is not about abilities. 

But you can use the cognitive function model in terms of level of development, so I don't fully agree with you that personality type isn't about strengths.

That's a really insightful last comment though. I never thought about not picking up on things that don't meet the minimum criteria for the dominant function. I could definitely see that applying to the judging functions, but I'm struggling thinking of how that would apply to perceiving functions. What would be the minimum criteria for Ni?Yeah, I have too. I was just thinking about the biggest problems that certain types have with accepting the validity of personality theory. For me when I was just starting, it was about it not having a whole lot of evidence. I have heard a lot of feeling types not wanting to be put in boxes.

But you're correct. Anyone could really say these things.Yeah, I actually just edited that because I thought that it applied equally to both. I've heard an ENFJ and an INFP say the same thing, so I haven't observed it being more one than the other.Haha, the whole box thing is mainly a joke. I wouldn't word it like that. Instead, I would probably make the argument that you can't really make advancements in science, math, etc. without categorizing things and making them easier to research.I actually procrastinate quite a bit unfortunately (as you can see by me posting in Reddit instead of doing homework). I'm not an ENTJ, but still I don't think Te prevents procrastination. I do procrastinate a little less than my ENTP friend though, so perhaps his Ne has a bigger role in that. I'd say that the type of procrastination you do could be correlated with your functions though. 

For instance, I tend to be on Quora a lot just because I enjoy gaining a lot of knowledge on physics, computer science, and psychology. I don't think I would ever procrastinate by talking to people though, so maybe that would be geared towards another function.
I agree that Te types aren't the only one that use generally accepted facts. What do you mean by "actionable information" though? From my experience from reading other people's essays and research papers, I know that mine have a significantly different style from other people, but I would be curious to know what types of evidence I subconsciously prefer over others.Thanks, I'm glad you liked the post! 

Unfortunately, I don't have as much experience with trying to teach Fi types about personality theory, but I do have some ENFP/INFP friends, so perhaps I'll try telling them about personality theory, and I'll see how they respond to see if there's a common response from them.Yes, it does. That's very interesting. So Te is just very pragmatic then. 

It sounds like you've researched this before. I honestly haven't done much neuroscience research, but I really want to this upcoming summer. Technically MBTI is different from Jung's cognitive functions. MBTI measures your behavior through online tests. Take these 2 examples:

**1st example**: I'm really bad at dancing, and I don't like it. I decide to take some lessons and practice for a month or two, and I begin to like it. Then I take a MBTI test, and it asks "Would you enjoy going to a dance with many people there?" Well, obviously my answer changed because it's my behavior. 

**2nd Example**: I have low self esteem, so even though I like to be spontaneous and dance, I take an MBTI test and answer that I do not enjoy going to dances. The reason I answered that way because I was underdeveloped. MBTI is getting my current behavior correct, but it's not getting the underlying function correct.

So in this way, MBTI is assuming that your behavior is going to line up with your brain's method of thinking, but each function can build up strategies to do all sorts of activities, so it's not really that accurate. Because of this, MBTI is measuring your current behavior as you act right now. The cognitive function model will help you identify your true self and how developed you actually are. Of course, I'm defining the cognitive functions as brain activity, so with my definition, if you have an online test claiming to measure functions, it's measuring behavior, not necessarily brain patterns.Technically any written test that asks you about behavior isn't measuring brain patterns, but I see what you're getting at. Yeah, that would be crazy. The sensory deprivation tank would force you to only use your introverted functions, and the psychedelics would magnify that...Yeah, I'm imagining it being a great experience, but do you not get like extremely dried out and dehydrated by the salt water since it's so concentrated?Let's say someone asks you what 2+2 is. You respond 4. Tomorrow, they ask you the same thing. You respond the same way. Same for the next day, the next day, etc. Why are you responding the same way??? "nothing new" as you said. 

Well that's because math isn't meant to entertain you by changing everyday. It's supposed to be constant, so in 10000 years, if someone asks what 2+2 is, it will still be 4. But guess what? They still teach basic addition to children every year so that they can learn.

In the same way, if someone asks the same question on Reddit over and over again, it doesn't make sense to change the answer. It's completely fair to copy+paste because the new person needs to learn the accepted answer.To a novice in Jungian psychology or even just a beginner in Myers Briggs, general descriptions of either the functions or the types in general are the core tenets of finding people's personality type. However, even though general descriptions provide a method of easily typing people, the fundamental differences between the way that the functions operate should be taken into account. On the most basic level, all functions do is just acquire, change, evaluate, and organize information. Once the essential actions of the functions are understood, the general descriptions are more easily understood because the descriptions are simply an effect of the way they intrinsically function. My understanding of the functions comprises the following:

1. A judging function decides which information is worth keeping or not, based on a valuation check or a logical check.
2. A perceiving function takes in information in relationships based on abstract or sensual standards.
3. An introverted function stores information in a certain manner and does this by either performing operations on that internal information or by pairing data that has already been evaluated. Introverted functions tend to use "depth" searches which means that they focus on one thought and find its specific effects.
4. An extroverted function collects information in a certain manner and does this by either taking in all information and then evaluating that external information or by taking in tons of data in "packets" of relationships. Likewise, extroverted functions tend to use "horizontal" searches through data because they take in all information and try to find relationships and meaning among the vast amounts of data.
5. An extroverted perceiving function takes in all information in either sensual relationships or abstract relationships.
6. An extroverted judging function only passes in information that is valuable, whether in logic or values.
7. An introverted judging function determines whether the information given to it is worth keeping by evaluating the information.
8. An introverted perceiving function stores the pre-evaluated data given to it in its "web" of inner-connected data based on sensual relationships or abstract relationships.

**Ni/Si**
Therefore, Ni/Si seem like data structures because it seems like they are used to store information and retrieve that information via a "key" compatible with either abstract or sensual thinking.

For instance, Ni retrieves information by looking for inner-connected abstract data about a certain topic. Si would accordingly retrieve information by looking for inner-connected sensual data. When given information from Je, Pi would already know where to store the information in its "web" of inner-connected data. This would suggest optimization when storing memories because the Pi would already be pre-indexed for storing. However, Pi doesn't store information based on a strict evaluation of data. Rather, Pi, stores information in places where it has the most relationships to other ideas. Because of this, when Pi looks for the old memories, it can construct unique ideas from the old memories.

**Ti/Fi**
Ti and Fi seem like objects that contain evaluation functions. They value a thought based on both the current framework of the function and underlying established, lower-level functions (pure logic or morals). If a thought does not match the framework but is approved by the lower-level functions, the framework is carefully inspected to be corrected.

Accordingly, Fi would value a thought based on its current set of morals and then ultimately by the lower-level morals that are the most established of any of the framework. Ti would value a thought based on its current framework and also by lower-level "pure logic" which are the axioms most crucial to the Ti-user's framework. An interesting side note here is that the lower-level functions could be incorrect, and there would be almost no way of knowing since they are the foundation of how the person decides whether something is true or not. But anyway, when given information from Pe, Ji would take the packets of relationships and attempt to evaluate them and fit them into the overarching framework. This evaluation would imply slower storing and indexing of memories, but faster searching through the memories. However, because Ji stores thoughts in a very strict manner within the overarching framework, the ideas that come back when searching for a memory are mostly the same as opposed to the unique ideas that appear due to Pi.

**Te/Fe**
Te and Fe seem like external tools. They both act similarly to the the their respective introverted functions, however there are some differences due to them being applied outside of the "inner-world."

Te would collect data from the environment and apply external logic to it. An example of the difference between internal and external logic would play out is that Te might attempt to organize people and create efficient processes. Ti, being a logical function, still cares about organizing data, however its purpose is more to logically place data within an internal framework. This process would not necessarily be "efficient" because Ti would act similarly to Ni and perform an in-depth search through the data to organize it logically. Relating back to the original definition of an extroverted function, Te would perform a "horizontal" search through all of the data given to it, and it would attempt to logically organize it. An analogy to this would be to think of placing several markers on a map. There are many possible routes, but Te would attempt to take all of the markers and create the most efficient route. Similarly, Fe would collect data from its environment and act based on values and emotions. This is why many Fe-users commonly appear to "mirror" people's emotions and interests. Additionally, Fe uses the "horizontal" search, so it focuses on many people and makes sure a group of people feels a certain way.

**Ne/Se**
Ne and Se appear to be data receivers. They don't change the data they receive, but they do organize it into useful packets of relationships, whether abstract or sensual. Moreover, the fundamental difference between them and their introverted functions is that they directly experience events, whereas their introverted counterparts simply use past data to form relationships and make predictions based on that. An analogy is of a shining lightbulb; Pe is the lightbulb, and Pi is observing the light coming from the bulb.

In essence, they directly experience what their respective introverted functions observe. Se directly experiences the present, while Si observes an experience only after it has past and organizes it. In the same way, Ne directly experiences the present abstract events and therefore sees the many possibilities that currently exist. In contrast, Ni would take in information and attempt to organize the possibilities that have occurred in the past. Essentially, Pi creates an archetype of past events, whether sensual or abstract. Pe simply receives data in its purest form without mutating it like Je. However, Ni/Ne can appear similar because they are both future based. This orientation toward the future is caused by the nature of intuition. Ne sees the possibilities in the present, and this is very useful because it gives the Ne-user information useful for future predictions. Ni, however, stores information, and creates archetypes of past events. This allows Ni to predict the future by looking at past archetypes.

**Conclusion**
All in all, a concise knowledge of the functions should help to type people more accurately. Additionally, this knowledge should help to be able to more clearly see functions that need improvement. By using this knowledge, strengths and weaknesses of personality types that are not commonly mentioned in videos or articles can be derived more easily and ultimately applied in the real world.It's only a high school research paper, but it will still probably be around 12-15 pages, so if you have any resources that I can use, or if you know of any of his other theories that I should look into, that would be great.

**Prompt:** Focusing on the psychology of Carl Jung, write a literary analysis focusing on how the Jungian archetypes (the shadow, the animus, the self) apply to characters, especially Monte Cristo in his plight for revenge, and the larger significance of the novel.  As part of this, examine the search for “The Other,” as part of the creation of identity. What insight do these aspects of Jungian psychology provide about motives and understanding of self?There are lots and lots of misconceptions about personality. Feel free to add some more. Here are some common ones:

**Biggest problem for a thinking type to accept personality theory:**

1. Statement: "There's no validity to the whole personality theory because there's not a significant amount of evidence."
2. Response: "There's definitely not a ton of evidence, but look up Dario Nardi's neuroscience of personality. Also research where the cerebral cortex and how each region of the cerebral cortex's strength contributes to personality."

**Biggest problem for a feeling type to accept personality theory:**

1. Statement: "I don't really like putting people in a box. I think people are unique" 
2. Response: "Oh yeah, I'm definitely not putting anyone in a box. They should already be in said boxes, so I'm just observing the box around them, not putting them in it."


I've also heard this a lot: "Personality theory is dumb because my personality changes all the time according to that MBTI test." Here's how I respond:

"Let's define personality to clear some things up. From a neuroscientific perspective, personality is the hierarchy of strengths within the brain. You are naturally weaker with some regions than others, and your outward appearance shows this because you will naturally become more tired of some activities over others. Now some examples. "

"Let's say I'm really bad at dancing, and I decide to practice for a month. Then if someone invites me to a dance, I'm much more likely to go. When I take a MBTI test, if they ask me if I like to go to dances, then I might say yes even though I naturally wouldn't. This makes the results inaccurate because I am *overdeveloped* from the perspective of the test."

"In the opposite way, I could also have low self esteem. I might enjoy an activity naturally, but I don't think I'm good enough to do it, so on the MBTI test, I answer differently than my brain would show. This makes the results inaccurate because of underdevelopment."

"The problem with the online tests is that they measure behavior, or your external actions. MBTI is making the assumption that your brain will match up with your preferences, however this is clearly not always the case. You'll always have underlying strengths and weaknesses which is what personality is, but the way you express or repress those can differ from person to person."

**Fe dom starting to learn about MBTI:** 

1. Statement: "I use logic too, and I don't think that I'm a feeling type because I'm not super emotional." 
2. Response: "Yes, feeling types definitely use logic. Feeling isn't about how emotionally stable you are, although it can sometimes correlate with that. For instance, when extroverted feelers try to comfort others, they think about how the other person *should* feel in a certain situation and adapt based on that. This is logic. The difference is that a feeling type uses morals as a valid starting point whereas a thinking type might use a definition of a concept as a starting point when evaluating thoughts and performing actions."

**Te dom starting to learn about MBTI**

1. Statement: "I don't think I'm a thinking type because I procrastinate. The test results say that I generally 'get things done.'"
2. Response: "Every type procrastinates. Te is just about evaluating thoughts or actions based on generally accepted facts. Whether or not you have the will power to actually act upon your evaluation is completely based on you as an individual."A friend told me about it, and it sounds really interesting. She said it allowed her to just be alone with her thoughts. I'm wondering if I would experience hallucination effects because in my normal state, I'm lost in my thoughts, often not hearing what others are saying because I'm focused on something like piano. I'm also curious to know how it would differently affect each MBTI type.
I don't have an answer, but I am relieved to see that the replies aren't just a bunch of INTJ votes. I often feel misrepresented :)I don't buy any of the body type/personality garbage. Same vein as blood type diets.I think the INTJ just makes for a fun villain in literary/cinematic contexts. I don't complain about that part; it's fun figuring out the plot before everyone else. :PMr. Cafe-aulait is an ENTP. Sometimes I think it's easier for me to be with him than it is for him to be with me, but we're happy regardless. We're also a bad boy meets good girl thing. I hope you find someone else like the person you described! It can be hard to take a test about yourself, because there are the things you *want* to be true, and then there are the things that are *actually* true. That being said, I don't think MBTI lends itself to outsiders typing what goes on in your brain. It'd take somebody who knows you very, very well to do this accurately.I don't remember enough of Hamlet to have an opinion on this, but I love typing characters. Just yesterday I was thinking about the Parks &amp; Rec characters.Take some tests. Learn about the parameters. And make sure you're answering with an honest version of yourself, not the way you want to be.I have to say that the source of the compliment really matters.

"I adore you" (from a boss when I came to eat crow after making a mistake)

"I love how you give no shits" (from a classmate after I put a rude, brutish jerk in his place)

"Intellectually intimidating" (from one of the few people that is absolutely, definitely smarter than I am)

"My life would be very different without you in it" (from Mr. Cafe)

And my first grade teacher told my mom that I always "kept her on her toes"... I guess because I always corrected her. Shrug.I went out for a drink with a couple of friends recently. One friend is also INTJ, the other is ESTJ. We INTJs sat there grumpily talking to each other while the ESTJ talked to the strangers around us. Turns out the strangers were actually very interesting. I never would have known that if it weren't for the talkative one in our group.I like Enneagram. Learning about it really helped me understand what makes my underdeveloped traits tick (read: feeling).Do cool shit and don't be shitty at it.I don't think there is a specific correlation. They're two completely different tests and methods of describing people. Keep in mind that ALL of these things are just man-made methods of describing naturally occurring phenomena, so they will all be imperfect. 

For me, the part about seeking security was the most eye-opening. I figured out that I my underdeveloped Fe gets all worked up when I don't feel secure in the ways that I prefer, which is when I become crazy depressed and unable to deal with my surroundings in a healthy way.

Again, there isn't a specific correlation. You have to know your own tics and weaknesses in order to be able to make the two congeal.I have beautiful handwriting when I care. As in, my best friend had me address her wedding invitations for her.Friends with working knowledge of MBTI have typed me as INTJ, INTP, ISTJ, ESFP, ENFP, and ENFJ. You might think you know somebody, but remember that you only know part of them. It isn't your job to tell people that they're wrong about themselves.

I think that, if there is a type that mistakenly thinks they're INTJ, it would be ISTJ. One of them might. The other two, definitely not.Don't put that much faith in MBTI. Methods like this quickly become nothing more than astrology when people expect it to make their lives easier. It's a helpful tool. That's all it is.We're all strong Ts. We probably vary a little bit in the S/N and J/P area, but typing my sister is a little tricky because of her autism. My mom is the only E, which is sometimes annoying but is mostly a godsend. You could try, but kids' personalities are more likely to change than an adult's. I was pretty extraverted as a kid, and now I'm a solid 80% or higher in the "introvert" category. Kids are still developing their brains, let alone their personalities.I've tried to read The Brothers Karamazov several times. Can't do it.

To answer the question at hand, I'm not sure I would be interested in orchestrating that sacrifice. Autonomy, freedom of association, etc., are paramount qualities in a society that I would want to be part of. Executing a baby human being against the mother's will is against all of that. If someone voluntarily sacrifices herself or her infant, that's a different story. But I wouldn't want to be part of a world where we go kidnapping and torturing babies simply because we have the power to do so.I had to choose a pronoun.

Edit: the person above also mentioned the mother's trauma, so that's the path my brain went down.Oh, the irony.INTJ: Some people really believe that all opinions are equal. As wrong as that opinion is, you won't change their minds, so tread lightly if you don't want to piss someone off.

(Snarky with the "as wrong as that opinion is" comment so DON'T CRUCIFY ME OKAY GOODNESS.)Uuugghhhh idk, I know some pretty useless people. ;)http://lmgtfy.com/?q=mbti+type+sexual+orientationIt is VERY useful  in law school. :)Aaaaand here's the INTJ. Love it.I'm generally very good, but I get reckless when I'm under a lot of stress. I bought like 10 sticks of deodorant last year because I was so stressed out at work.I don't get manipulated easily, so I don't worry about it. But I also don't go broadcasting my type because I don't think it's important for other people to know. It's just a tool for me to catch myself from doing stupid shit and wallowing in my weaknesses.INTJ: You're all wrong and I'm right.

It's usually true.INTJ. Tendency among INTJs to think they're way more special and unique than they actually are. I am curious to see if a pattern emerges among functions. 

For me, I am very good at going unseen. I always manage to avoid being cold-called if I'm not prepared in class. I am a great eavesdropper because I can avoid being noticed. I cannot explain to somebody else how I do this, but if I don't want to be seen, I'll be invisible. (On the other hand, if I want to be seen, I'm pretty good at getting attention.)

What is something you could not teach someone else how to do, but you're very good at?
 Those are three factors that contribute to humor behavior, however, choice/reasoning is also a factor.

 Two INTJs of identical backgrounds may process a similar situation using Ni and Se, then make an opposite decision using Te and Fi. They might process situations in a similar fashion, and even reason in a similar fashion, while still coming to a different conclusion.


 My point is, it's an oversimplification to state that there are only three factors that contribute to human behavior. While environmental factors most certainly come into play, along with cognitive function stacks, it's impossible to predict human behavior based on observable traits.  Caffeine makes me more relaxed and sociable. 
 Yes I am.

 I have a severe case of RBF, so I smile at people compulsively to prevent people from thinking I'm angry all the time. Do you know me?
Yes, depending on how skilled one is at analyzing the observations, it is possible. But there is a high chance of being wrong.You fucked up the ending. Should be A: "I think you need to reread the cognitive functions...*bitch*"

Seriously telling people to read cognitive functions is the ultimate middle fingerNo subtlety at all. Check. Blunt, sarcastic tone. Check. Ironically shits on self by calling out *INTP*sfor never doing the same thing twice. Check. Must be ENTP. SeemsGood&gt;If you're stuck with everything making sense it means you're not interacting enough with the concrete world around you, because trust me; everything doesn't make fucking sense.

Except everything can be understood. Literally everything that happens can be predicted and understood through the laws of physics and determinism. 
http://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-the-only-thing-i-know-is-that-i-know-nothing-socrates-67-3-0336.jpgIf someone farts next to me and flies 5 feet in the air, I'm not going to assume that the reason for it was shitting so hard you fly.

But it could be the case. Basically you and I are arguing the age old, "if a bear shits in the woods and there is nobody there to see it does it make a sound". Or, more scientifically, is Schroedinger's cat dead, alive, or both. 

I see it as dead XOR alive. You see it as dead OR alive. In other words, your stance is that it is either one. Mine is that it is one or the other.

Just because neither of us know, does not mean that there isn't one absolute truth beyond our reach.In short, I believe that everything is explainable. The simple starting point for this theory is Laplace's Demon, which essentially proves that every event in the universe is predictable.

Because nothing has ever been explained without cause and effect, cause and effect is probabilistically the only explanation for everything based on what we know now.

My theory could be wrong but sometimes you have to run with a theory until proven otherwise[( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/kiss.gif)dank.Maybe elaborate a bit on your morality code being Ti? I would argue that Bruce had more ISTP stereotypes than INTJ ones. From a mental point he is Se Ni, we both agree. But why TiFe?If you believe he is following Fe and Ti, then why not INFJ for him? I see far more Ni than Ti, which I think is readily apparent in his motivations and dialogue.F: INFJ
M: ESTJ
K: ESTPBecause sex sells&gt;and hate of moral obligations.

You mean writing thank-you-notes? No Si is the opposite of dunning-kruger if anything. Si types know what's going on, and all the little things that make them mediocre.

Ni-Se loop is essentially dunning-krugerAsking good questions that isolate functions in unique individuals is essentially the most challenging part of typology. Dichotomy questions are simple. That's why you see so many of them. Every answer to a dichotomy-based question has leads you closer to the goal.

Cognitive function based questions are difficult to write, require great understanding (and who here can really say they have that) The goal is to work on one question at a time, and force the answer to differentiate between two functions.

For example, here is my best stab at a question which attempts to isolate either Ti or Te:

*Do you think in order to synthesize new information or do you think in order to apply what you already know?*

This question will definitely bring the interviewer closer. It's simple, strictly follows accepted definitions of Ti and Te, and is bare-bones enough not to draw in other functions. 

Forming simple questions like these, but asking many of them will slowly tally up a "preference" for either Ti or Te. Continue in this way with all four types of processes.



think of it as a black box for interpreting reality. In goes normal reality as most non-crackpot people perceive it to be, out comes I think it doesn't really matter all that much which function you lead with if neither stand out more. For sale of closure you'll really have to figure that out for yourselfAn EXTJ leading and accomplishing goals in group settings will likely feel charged-up and sort of giddy rather than drained and exhausted. A Te user who fails to create group unity or fails at their goal while losing ground and having things spiral into chaos will feel drained.

It's essentially an outcome dependence, and it's not the people causing them to be drained.That sort of pavlovian conditioning would imply that he's become an INFP for all practical purposes. It's an example of .."nurture" over nature. Even in his own mind be would lead with Fi after that sort of abuse.No, but you're forced to channel all of your Ni musings through your Te or Se.I'm saying that people use their extroverted function when engaging in social situations in order to express their thoughts, feelings, and intuitions. 

There is a noticeable difference between an INFJ using Fe and ENFJ using Fe. One is more filtered through Ni.Lay off the dank memesFirst off, before I address your post: we seem to have a conflict of interest.

My interest is to see this community take over where Jung, Freud, Myers, and all the other psychologists of yesterday left off. A lot of people would seek only to interpret what they wrote. I see their studies as just the beginning and naturally, I disagree on some of their points.

First off, I disagree that typology can't be a hard and fast system that fits everyone in the box. Your approach is more like trying to find a box that fits the person.

And that's not necessarily wrong, but it makes one thing very difficult, and that is creating a universal, accepted testing method. That is one thing we desperately need in order to bring any sort of validity to typology. And without a universally agreed upon system we essentially have astrology or laughable descriptions and stereotypes.

So when you ask questions like: 

&gt;What about depression, anxiety, agoraphobia? What about being selective of the people to hang around with?

I say, these make it more challenging to decipher, but the answer is there. Some depressed people will never appear like their true self and for all practical purposes may never show a hint of extroversion their entire lives. The bottom line is, **does the depression overwhelm the person's psyche to the point of functional dominance?** If so, the answer is simple, and their depression has transformed them to a different personality type with a different leading function. And while the world and their friends may never be aware they were once an extrovert, neither will the victim of depression.

Taking a step back, you're not necessarily *wrong* in my eyes. You're simply taking a more case-by-case approach which I think will lead to a less perfect system of typology.My take on socionics: people (myself included) can't understand all of MBTI (yet) and therefore we are not nearly ready enough to begin analyzing functions in the way socionics does. I've read every description for every type and subtype and I think half of them were written out of someone's ass and the other half have the gist of the type but added a lot of filler which needs to be cut out.If anything this video does a good job explaining why dichotomy is still a valid way to type people.blasphemousYou just reworded the question. Why do introverts tend to be negative enneagrams?They make dank shitposts, though.Those loops work the same regardless of where they are on your stack. The reason I did this was so that people wouldn't assume that it's just an ENTP phenomenon.Well, this is way off topic, but I have no problem talking about myself.

Yes I have. But I have also considered against it for a few reasons. For one, I am a rather objective, competitive person. I am enneagram 3w4. I never take things apart to understand how they work. I am not technically inclined the way many Ti users are, even though I am an engineer. I am more about just getting stuff done. And I am certainly not an ISTP. I am not nearly street smart enough or technically savvy as they are. 

For me, it's about accomplishing goals and tasks. Everything is objective. For me, even MBTI is about understanding myself so that I can better represent myself and better align myself with my goals. I happened to pick it up MBTI as a hobby merely as a side-effect.

Enneagram 3 is uncommon but not impossible for an introvert. I am very ambiverted. In fact, to conclude, the only certainty I have is that I am NT, (which is not a flair option at this time). For what it's worth I always score xNTP on Big 5. In one of my recent posts, I asked about this, since I have no Si to speak of, and what appears to be strong Te and Ne.Even now, you're describing your subjective experiences with /r/ENTP. The truth is that many ENTP will heavily favor the first part of the process, even rejecting the second half involving Si if they have not fully developed it.&gt;I don't think Te types are into designing systems and models

Ni is an internal model just more subconscious than Ti. Te applies to and adheres to the system that Te judges logical. I completely disagree that Te types do not theorize about systems.Come back tomorrow and I'll discuss it with you when your brain is fresh and you've had your coffee.&gt;Someone talked of Ni as communicating the meaning of something through a bundle of images

That was me. I think that's an easy physical manifestation of Ni which is why I gave that example. I was using that to explain why I think many introverts will mistype themselves as extroverts. 

I don't agree that Ni can't be explained concisely. I think that is more or less impatience and frustration that we have not gotten to the bottom of it yet.

&gt;You just described Ti. Te doesn't give a damn about systems.

Ever heard of the [Dennis System](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95Fx2aYQbQs) In case you're not aware of the character, he's very similar to eric cartman. He's an ENTJ.Got me on the first tryTRIGGEREDlet's put it this way. Of all 16 types, I got the one I was expecting the mostWhat is 4ChanTrue Neutral Human Wizard/Sorcerer (2nd/1st Level)

I win the special snowflake award. I am both a wizard and sorceror. (ENTX?)

Ability Scores:
Strength- 13
Dexterity- 15
Constitution- 12
Intelligence- 13
Wisdom- 12
Charisma- 14&gt;According to what I've read about functions

So, basically what a bunch of teenager internet bloggers and armchair psychologists thinkYou're welcomeAww look everyone, it's an ENTJ trying to be funnyahh! I'm not even mad. This is the best post since I started browsing this subcan confirmsorry you're getting downvoted for having a differing opinion. I also happen to think you're correct[Thanks!](https://niceme.me/)/r/iamverysmart/he literally just explained throughout the entire paragraph why this doesn't work for him. please read post before meme responseright, this isn't something I plan on throwing together in a day. I want to obfuscate the functions as best I can from the individual questions but I also want some questions that are transparent, straight forward, and absolutely tied to a specific function.&gt;I dunno if you want to do all True/False or if you want to do the scale of 1-5 like some tests. Here's some ideas (I can only talk about functions I myself have, I don't want to be wrong about ones I can't speak about as well for).

I don't like the scale method. I want questions that have definitive answers or something like "neither" or "unknown".
to be honest, that isn't a question I was planning to put on the test. 

the paragraph idea doesn't work because at any given moment, someone could use a specific function that isn't their main function. an INTJ under a lot of stress or going through changes in their life or even just having finished meditation may be more in tune with Se observations. The test would take into account how you think over a large period of time. Well, going back to the basics, what is the one thing everyone suggests when someone is trying to type themselves?

Study the functions.

This is the heart of the algorithm. Now, the keys2cognition test often gives you wonky results. For example, Ni followed by Ti then Fi. 

I think this output just confuses people. I want it to reveal a result that makes sense. 

One dimension that I plan to factor in is enneagram. Probalistically, an INTP enneagram 3 is highly unlikely.

I'm not saying it's not possible, but I think enneagram can be a good indicator for on the fence functions. If someone appears to be Ti but is obsessed with power and control (enneagram 8) it should reconsider options.1. Identify Behavior (dichotomy)
2. Identify motivations and inner world (cognitive functions)
3. Bridge gap between your external personality and inner dialogue.
4. Type people based on how they appear to others vs. who they actually are using Jungian cognitive functions.
5. I have a theory that most people are confused about their type or unable to type themselves because their inner and outer world's are in conflict.
how about using the valuable time you gain by being in good standing with other people?&gt;Many people learn to emulate their role function (Fe for ENTJ) fairly well. An ENTJ friend of mine scores higher on Fe than on Fi on the keys2cognition quiz, and likewise I score higher on Si than on Se. It might say more to know how you feel about your vulnerable function, Si?

Source?tell that to the ENTJsI got VDI-M. Not sure I even agree with the result That's a common issue with sociopaths. To the point where they sometimes cannot even learn from their mistakesActually liberalism is highly associated with openness which correlates strongly with intuitive types. sorry, not saying you are but that a lot of sociopaths are ENTJs and that connection sort of went off in my mind.It's a spectrum just like introversion and extroversion. So if you're really extroverted and NTJ you'll be more choleric and if you're very introverted and NTJ you'll be melancholic. If you're ambiverted you get the mixed one.ISTP

They get things done much better than any other type. All they need is some discipline and they are very successful people.Alright here we go:

- ESTP: "Trinity (Titoli)" - Annibale E I Cantori Moderni - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4PYRdb71_w 
- ENFJ: "Cult of Personality" - Living Colour - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xxgRUyzgs0 
- ENTJ: "Immigrant Song" - Led Zeppelin - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdUwJ1IQFEs 
- ESTJ: "Linoleum Knife" - Aqua Teen Hunger Force - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZlSoiE7YlM 

------------------------

- ENTP: "Rains of Castamere" - Ramin Djawadi - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9SIS6wBxpI 
- ENFP: "Elephant Bones" - That handsome devil - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KsYUYEkKlw 
- INFJ: "Inception" - Main theme - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2SXKI3m14s 
- INTJ: "The Game Has Changed" - Daft Punk - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqJkdsqeDxw 
- INTP: "Forty Six &amp; 2" - Tool - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tja6_h4lT6A&amp;list=PLyYzsp1xJ7S6V_py-s5myUze0dtmRbvgT 

-----------------------------

- ISTJ: "CAFO" - Animals as Leaders - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmfzWpp0hMc 
- ISFJ: "All I Ever Wanted" - Basshunter - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-CwAE1TCyA 
- ESFP: "Misirlou" - Dick Dale - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-y3h9p_c5-M 
- ESFJ: "Chainsaw" - Band Perry - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLaKWMLX-XU 
- ISFP: "Loser" - Beck - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgSPaXgAdzE 

--------------------------------

- INFP: "Requiem for a Dream" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVIRcnlRKF8 
- ISTP: "Institutionalized" - Suicidal Tendencies - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOF6gMIs0pk 
Anyone watched the show on Netflix? What type is the narrator of the show (Lemony Snicket) played by Patrick Warburton? Seems like a perfect fit for the role. I can't tell if he's INFP, INTP or ...ENTJ?I am creating a website for finding your type with cognitive functions. I was wondering if you guys could help me come up with some good questions for each function. If everyone could provide one good question I would definitely add them to the test.
  

##Format:



Function | Question | (optional) answers
---|---|----
Ti | "Do you enjoy acquiring knowledge for the sake of it? | Yes, No



#https://mindtrackers.com/personality-test
I mean by that definition I'm definitely an ENTP.I consider everyone beneath me. What makes you think you're special?Nah, there has to be more to you to keep my interest alive. I give you one more chance though, since I'm bored with small talk too. What's on your mind and it better be interesting. And I thought INTJs identify too strongly with their type ...Same here. 

That said, I'd be happier if Europe would make an effort to fix their union. I don't see this happening any time soon though, so leaving is the most rational move.

* INTJ

* Reluctantly supportive of Brexit

* Britain has a different vision of Europe than most of the mainland

I reached the conclusion by comparing what Britons want out of the EU and what the French and Germans want out of it. 

That said, I expect the UK to allow Scotland and Northern Ireland to leave the kingdom now. If the British believe they should have the right to determine *their* stay in the EU, they should give the same rights to the individual countries in the UK.Facebook and reddit are shitty sources. Opinions with the occasional glimpse of decent journalism.

As far as news outlets go, BBC is a decent source, as is The Economist and probably NPR. 

The best source to form an opinion on EU membership would be looking at what the EU does and what their laws say. Fair enough, the problem with social media however is the conflation of opinion and factual information. If you're having people that are qualified to comment on the issues you're interested, you've already won. Most people however, do not possess the knowledge nor exposure to information to make qualified comments and they're not really interested in it either. 

&gt; Britain will once again be seen as the country that saves Europe

shittiest argument pro Brexit I've heard so far.

The rest seemed solid. The INTJ one was really fitting. Even though I'd still found a church that aims to reveal the absurdity of faith and organized religion. So I guess I'd team up with the ENTP.&gt;Think I'm going to drink today, though! So maybe I'll be back later drunk and you can see, lol.

Do a feelings thread when you're drunk! Well... now I do.Lol I kinda doubt it. Feel free to try.2)

F: INTP

M: ENFP

K: ISFJMind fucking? Or OP has accepted that masturbation is the closest they'll ever come to sex?OP has Ne, they want us to think outside the box. Okay, I'm in the mood to get my ego stroked, feel free to elaborate.&gt;Then of course, I tend to abide by the notion that fortune favors the bold. In my experience, when I've felt audacious, with the TJ it has been incredibly well received. They like being surprised with pointed flirtation, so long as it isn't overdone.

Yes.ESTPYeah. Sounds like Ni. Sounds also like stuff I'd say or think.&gt; ISTP female 

Well that's a first. Yes, I remember the last time I fapped to descriptions of Ne dominants. No. But I haven't encountered an ISTP one yet.I should definitely visit /r/istp.Oh I recognize this... am I supposed to fight you now?Hm... I suck at fighting but I'm sure /u/ladybanterbury is thrilled to take over for me.Penguins are cuter than unicorns because unlike unicorns, penguins actually exist.Oh you should definitely take classes in how to maintain a poker face.I see. Have an [article](http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/187736-harvard-mit-create-first-self-assembling-robots-the-first-real-transformers) about self-assembling robots.Just ask /r/intj to save face. You're mistaking it with /r/entj. Most INTJs will probably be delighted to teach someone their ways.Yes.Now it's one.:-)Yes ma'am.Deal.*whispers* It was an ENFP I was thinking of.I'm more extroverted, less of a grumpy misanthrope and generally more approachable. 

ISTP and ENFP.

ISTP is probably good with building stuff and making shit happen. I'm good with planning. ENFP keeps me entertained and uhh... fulfills other needs.

I mean unless we're able to survive comfortably on said island I prefer whatever types get me out of there the fastest. Both.

Now I kinda wish the ENFP I know would drink more. She's good at drinking *my* alcohol though.&gt; I'm an ESTJ. Id probably want an ENTP to do all the work I tell him/her to do

I don't think this works out as intended. I think the best approach is to have an imaginative person and a person that gets shit down with you. The former for new ideas, the latter to implement them.Well does your type really matter? You seem to put a lot of effort into figuring out your type, but does it really matter when it comes to the bigger picture that is life?

Why do you think your Fe is actually Fi?&gt; I think my Fe is actually Fi because I get hurt easily, and I'll sometimes post nasty comments without thinking it through first.

Well, this has little to do with Fe vs. Fi. The Feeling function is where your values come from. 

Check [this](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/21153-fi-vs-fe.html) out.Okay, so that's settled. Since you're already identifying as an introvert, you're either INTJ, INFP, ISFP, ISTJ. Let's try eliminate other functions? What do you think about Ti vs Te? Se vs. Si? Ni vs. Ne and would you consider yourself a sensor or intuitive? Which would mean you're an INFJ, on the other hand you're saying you identify more with Fi than with Fe. Now kiss.I think this is really reddit/social media phenomenon. Just look at the huge Bernie Sanders crowd here or how Ron Paul was all over reddit in 2008. It's the same with Trump and young people spreading their political idealism over the internet. 

But since it's an introvert party, it's also at your place. And at mine. Because we're all staying home...That doesn't sound bad to be honest. You should hire extroverts to get the word out. Like pay them to attend parties, single out introverts and give them a flyer or something.&gt; The INTJ would normally find a girl to play beer pong with for a few games and then would come up with some reason for them to go off somewhere privately.
&gt; The INTP would bounce around talking to people and would normally end up getting into a deep conversation with a small group of people about science or philosophy or something like that.

I try to do the former, I end up doing the latter. Maybe I should stop trying to impress girls by telling them their ideas and comments are illogical and stupid? K. 

I'm going to be an ENTJ for a while, get shit done, network the fuck out of everything and end up with at least ten competitive job offers on Sunday. At least he's not using the linguistic atrocity that is 'dudebro'. Add pal and buddy to the mix as well.Probably just a phase, fam.Clear Introversion: 19/21

Very Clear Intuition: 25/26

Clear Thinking: 22/24

Moderate Judging: 16/22

Never scored S on any MBTI test. The result above is in line with the first time I took the test you linked. Being an intuitive is actually the thing I'm most convinced of out of the four categories. 

I prefer typing by functions though. You know you fucked up when you're getting called out by an INFJ. Trump is the first real social media candidate. He's using the same principle people on Facebook use -- short, attention-grabbing sound bites that are outrageous as possible. When Trump says all Mexicans are rapists, and the media goes apeshit about this, he has won. This has been his appeal from the very beginning. 

He is able to do just that because the actual journalism is dead and has been replaced by a 24/7 sensationalist media cycle which relies on ridiculous stories to keep their CTR up. 

I laugh my ass off whenever someone complains about just how racist and xenophobic he is. You're playing right into his cards. If the media had been focused more on his actual platform than on whatever shit he spewed at a rally, this would been a totally different election cycle.

It is also mildly annoying to hear people rave on about how stupid or ignorant Trump is. I may concede ignorant if he truly believes everything he says but I'm actually convinced that most of it is just a planned effort to get air time. Again, he has to be outrageous to be in the spot light.  

I'm more concerned about the extremist faction of Trump's supporters who actually believe him when he says the election is rigged and that he won't accept the result if he loses. It's bullshit. Trump isn't interested in the presidency as much as he's interested in the prestige that comes with holding the office. When he has lost on November 8th, he's going to slowly abandon politics, probably trying to capitalize on the extremist wing of his 'movement' and sell them all sorts of conspiracies, similar to Alex Jones. 

Trump is the ultimate troll and it doesn't speak in favor of the electorate that he has come so far.  That's Fi.&gt;What's your type, and are you married?

INTJ, not married

&gt;What kind of ring do you have/want and why?

None. If this is not an option, the cheapest.

&gt;What type of wedding? Do you even want to get married at all?

On the fence on this one. I do like the idea of having an ally in life but marriage isn't the only way to achieve this. I'm not religious so the religious aspect isn't there. I doubt I could marry a woman that is religious so I assume that a potential wife wouldn't be religious either. 

That said, I'm probably fine with marriage as a concept -- tax breaks, legal benefits -- but at the same time I'm rather cynical about divorce rates and relationships in general. 

Is common law marriage an option?Jung erroniously believed that all introverts were abstract while all extroverts were concrete.  

Jung's Si: Abstraction of objects

Jung's Ni: Abstraction of ideas

So for him Si paints its own picture of reality and doesn't rely on objects in the way the extroverted functions do. As for a concrete example, I think it would look like wearing a VR box that is connected to your brain. So do you have anything constructive to add or did you just wake up from another Socionics-induced nightmare?Te and Fe are herd functions, i.e., they appeal to consensus, whether it's scientific or social. Ti and Fi are more 'individualistic'. Ti needs to figure shit out for itself but is restricted by the laws of logic. Fi is a more open version of Ti. It also allows connections that aren't logically valid. 

Te users will prefer and use empirical evidence and then tie it together logically. Ti users will be more focused on the logical structure of an argument. Both are fine with using facts and logic, but they have different priorities. Likewise, Fe will appeal to consensus of the group while Fi will compare against it inner ideals. 

I'm the author of the post you quoted. OP isn't talking about me. The link OP posted is from the ENTP sub. He's saying one of the ENTPs is actually an INTJ and is now looking for support. You sound like one of those TeFi conspiracy theorists. You sure you're not a mistype? &gt; The good thing about mbti is that it won't put you in boxes

It quite literally puts you in one of 16 boxes. That's what assigning a type means.Have flannel shirts and a general grunge/90s alternative aesthetic been out of the mainstream enough to count as unconventional? If yes, then that. If no, then I second the eye bags comment.While [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/ffgrov/whats_the_difference_between_an_intj_and_an_infj/fjyasv5/) comment isn't about your question per se, it gives you a decent overview of what kind of responses to expect. 

Of course we can consider someone like that an ENTP. The test certainly gave that result, even if it wasn't as conclusive as we might have hoped for. 

You can do some of the things suggested in the comment I linked, if you're interested. But for the time being, just go with ENTP while keeping in mind that you might be mistyped (I think anyone into MBTI should act like that).&gt;1) Do you tend to think everyone else is stupid?

No. I know enough smart people to not think everyone else is stupid.

&gt;2) Would you say that you tend to worry about your future?

Yes. But really, who doesn't?Nietzsche was an anti-nihilist though. He considered nihilism a problem to be overcome.&gt; Is this nihilism?

Not necessarily. The quote by itself expresses skepticism about whether we know the meaning of life rather than a denial that life has meaning.Reads more like skepticism than nihilism, at least without context. I'd say TP, possibly NTP. "Can we know for sure?" is basically the NTP catch phrase.&gt;INTJ - Architecture

My first thought was theoretical physics.Since you mentioned Stoicism, you'll get more out of Marcus Aurelius' *Meditations* than any MBTI book, so I'd start with that. 

Generally speaking, MBTI can offer you a framework to (i) recognize your own cognitive preferences and (ii) recognize others' cognitive preferences.  That's not necessarily helpful for self-improvement, but it can be helpful for navigating relationships. 

I'd steer clear of Dario Nardi's and DaveSuperPowers' works since their fringe science at best, and pseudoscientific bullshit at worst. Jung isn't all that helpful either, unless you're into analytic psychology. I don't think he offers that many insights in *Psychological Types* and his writing style is often needlessly obscure. 

MBTI is first and foremost a categorization tool. It's not designed for self-improvement. You could look into cognitive functions and figure out whether your supposedly underdeveloped functions offer an accurate depiction of your weaknesses. I don't believe that functions can be developed (or that functions refer to anything meaningful in the first place), but you can use them as a starting point to think about your strengths and weaknesses and then take concrete, non-MBTI related steps to fix them. 

That's where MBTI is helpful -- it encourages self-reflection and introspection, but it doesn't offer any actual advice for self-improvement. But if you look into Greek/Roman philosophy, you'll find plenty of books concerned with self-improvement/the good life there.&gt;We haven't really been friends for all that long and I feel like maybe I am going too fast.

Imagine if you had been friends for a long time instead. You'd probably hesitate because you "wouldn't want to ruin the friendship". Ime most relationships between 15-30 move extremely fast, both in how they come into existence and their dissolution. You're fine.

&gt;1. How do I know if he has any interest in me? 

Since he makes time for you and you hang out frequently, I think it's fair to assume he's interested in you. Also, he's a 19 year old guy. Let's just assume he's interested.

&gt;2. How do I properly go about asking him out?

"Hey I think you're cool. Wanna go on a date?"&gt; It's irrational to think that you can put billions of people inside 16 categories only 

True. Three categories are enough -- male, female, other.&gt; But IMO, it does not need to be scientific to remain useful.

Exactly. Plenty of things aren't scientific but useful in the same way MBTI can be useful. Virtually all practical philosophy is in that category for example.

Even if MBTI turns out to complete nonsense, at the very least it gives some insight on model building and how to think about creating categorization systems.What do you mean by "impression" here? 

&gt;In particular the advantage the introvert functions has over the extrovert is that they know better which information is more "important" than other information without the need of judging functions.

That sounds like you're saying introverted perceiving functions can judge. What's the point of judging functions then?


&gt;The introverted functions also have the ability to analyse information.

No. introverted *perceiving* functions don't analyze. That's what F and T are for.I completely agree with what you're saying. That's actually the reason why I stopped taking cognitive functions seriously, at least to the extent that they purport to say something about perception/judgment.&gt; Perhaps that's a bad word. I mean they make the details into concepts (I'll edit the post). Do you have a better word to suggest?
&gt; 

I think concepts is fine, but the short answer is: this isn't an S/N thing; this is a human thing. You're trying to locate cognitive functions at a level where they simply don't exist.


&gt; Not exactly judging. But yeah my main point is along these lines. Perhaps I need to repharse so let me try again and tell me what you think
&gt; 

If they know what information is more important, they're making a judgment. Or, you can't know what is important without making a judgment or relying on an already made judgment (which is also judging). 

&gt; Introverted percieving users only pick information if it creates connections. Therefore they naturally pick the information that is likely to be "good". However they don't judge this information, they don't see if it is correct/right (for this we have Te/Fe). I believe this is why Ni doms are blamed for jumping to conclusions.
&gt; 

Again, this is making judgments. They're judging information to be "good". Jumping to conclusions is also making judgments.

&gt; No. introverted perceiving functions don't analyze. That's what F and T are for.
&gt; 
&gt; Did you read the rest of the sentence? It's a different kind of analysis. It doesn't check the correctness. Instead it connects the information with other information thus creating a new perspective or a new way of considering things. (Is that make sense now? Do you think it is not clear in the main post?)

I understood it just fine. See my remarks above. Any kind of analysis includes judgments, even if they're seemingly elementary, like judging whether information is useful or making connections between concept A and B. 

I think the biggest problem here is that your level of analysis is too deep. "Cognitive functions" aren't... well, cognitive functions. They're patterns of thought processes at best. Sensors too think in concepts because that's how human cognition works. If there's anything to cognitive functions, they should point out differences *within* human cognition. Specifically, cognitive functions describe what kind of information/kind of judging style is privileged by the user. The difference between S and N is best described by saying the former prefers concrete information that's related to the real world, while the latter prefers abstract information not necessarily related to the real world. Or something like that. I think using [dichotomies and facets](https://www.personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/222794-descriptions-mbti-step-ii-facets.html) is ultimately more useful.

Also, for this to be meaningful in the way you describe, we need to be able to clearly distinguish between perception and judgment. I don't think that's possible because there's next to nothing to be said about perceptions. 

"The rose is red" is a judgment. "This cup is bigger than the cup over there" is a judgment too. The moment we try to describe our perceptions, we're making judgments about them. So I don't think perception functions can be meaningfully discussed without describing them as making judgments, which would put the P/J dichotomy into question.
Are you sure? you sound paranoid to me, INTJ's like myself never do this sort of thing. Have you considered the possibility that your perception of events may not be correct? Do you often have these sort of paranoid delusions? 31/36

I think a few of them had pretty poor options though, I had to chose a sort of "best fit" on some of them. I stare at them unblinkingly square in the face without emotion and say absolutely nothing. Sometimes I start to grin incredibly slowly and build up to an inappropriately hysterical laugh with some face twitching thrown in for good measure.

You'd be surprised how quickly people get weirded out and walk away.
High five for all you attention seekers out there.Aw shucks, you are most welcome.INTJ: No one, they just clutter up my personal space and drain my resources in illogical ways.
Becoming a more well rounded person. As an INTJ, I've been striving to become more sociable and empathetic. Also enjoying leaving the comfort of home and exploring the world more often. 
I'm an INTJ and my result is ENFJ. 

It would be refreshing to meet a male ENFJ, but I really don't think ENFJ is an "ideal match" for me. I wouldn't even consider casual dating. They can stay as acquaintances. INTJ. Easily bored if not inspired. Anime: Pokemon, D. Gray-Man, Pandora Hearts, Hamatora, Boku no Hero Academia, Shigofumi, Prince of Tennis, Akuma no Riddle, Devil Survivor 2, Persona 4

Cartoons: Transformers, Inspector Gadget, Teen TitansDad: ESTJ

Mom: ISTP

A lot of frustration. Among with other negative things. 
Have you seen INTPs? Those fuckers are WEIRD!GimmeIXTPSame for me. Caffeine is essential.Anyone with Ne and Si. And then those silly INFJs.This is definitely INTP. You fucked up OP.What types do you think you are?I guess the real question is why you think you're dominant Ne?INTJs are the /r/iamverysmart of the world

ISTPs are the /r/mallninjashit of the world

INTPs are the /r/justneckbeardthings of the world

And those unfortunate to have less IQ than the ones in these subreddits, end up in  /r/T_D
Textbook INTP.Sounds like you answered your own question. You're fulfilling her emotional need of comfort but denying her of security. Having a job and reciprocating in that department is just as important.Depends on your definition of comfort. I have to tear off the tags on my shirt and wear specific fabrics to feel comfortable throughout the day.Sounds like ISFP to me. But either way: 

What would you say is your biggest stressor? Where do you see yourself in 5 years? How have you changed in the past 2?

edit: ISTP.Ok so at least we can narrow this down to 2. 

Would you say you frequently bend/shift your values and morals for the sake of maintaining a constant stream of comfort with friends/acquaintances?

Would you say feedback is important to you? (Social feedback, emotional feedback, etc)

I can't really describe both types in various situations considering they both act pretty similarly, I'd just be nitpicking from memory and that wouldn't be efficient.

Also one more thing. How does your anger manifest?

Ok. When I have an idea of what type an individual is I try and gauge reactions based on their inferior functions (Usually the most responsive in these situations where someone is willingly opening up). My original post was to gauge a reaction from an ISFP but you weren't showing any signs of divulging objective information, you were disinterested. On my second set of questions I tried to initiate a reaction from questions that invoke emotion and you seemed to align with the answers I would expect. Almost emotionless, not placing importance in emotional intricacies unless it acts as a positive response, etc. 

My final answer would be ISTP. Hope this helps. I can delve deeper into some functional theory but I think you'll get the gist of it.Sounds hella Ti-Si (INTP). I just see a stuttery wave with terrible contrast. More like hella Ti. I can't tell the difference between most Ti users anyway.You sound like an ENFP friend of mine. I could also see ESFP.

Just two question.
What makes you TRULY happy? What does that feel like?I'll take ESFP for 500, Alex.The more I read your post the more ESFP makes sense. Just read this part on this link. 

https://www.16personalities.com/esfp-personality

"The biggest challenge ESFPs face is that they are often so focused on immediate pleasures that they neglect the duties and responsibilities that make those luxuries possible."

If you're still unsure I can dig a bit deeper. I have known many ESFPs on a personal level so I have a pretty good base to work off of. Definitely not enough to work off of. All of it seems very surface level. Tell me a little about your hobbies, why do you enjoy them, what kind of emotion do they invoke (comfort? peace? joy?)? That's fair! ENFP is also a possibility. All of my previous points can also be directed to ENFP. Read up on that one and get back to us.Ultimately these tests and descriptions are just guidelines. You won't fit the mold of some silly descriptions, no one is. Read up on the cognitive functions and try to get an understanding of how they interact and try to reflect on what they may convey. Most of the time I find EXFPs to have a hard time typing themselves because self-reflection is not something they can just whip out on a days notice. If you want more feedback try going to the /r/ENFP or /r/ESFP subreddit and ask questions. You sound like the biggest SFJ ever. 

" (And here I am, giving you clear evidence of certain things that make me an S, like requests for clarity, practicality, and evidence, and yet I want to discuss this far more and have written a super long post about it all at this point which would strongly suggest that I'm an N. See now why I'm getting so frustrated?!)"

Was hilarious. 

Edit: I'll give it a shot. 

What makes you happy. TRULY happy? Explain how that happiness makes you feel. Can be as vague or specific as you want it to be.I don't know any ISTJ that is decisive lol. To ultimately have enough of an impact where my existence wasn't just another speck of dust in our timeless universe. The more I try to find a correlation between type and cleanliness the more I'm convinced its deciding factor is upbringing. I know some nasty ass ISTJs and some METICULOUS ISFPs. Freaking NFPs all the way. Hard headed fuckers. I'll stick with ESFJ just because of the sheer Ne going on in her post history. But also you have a point.I'm going to go with ESTP. More people should do videos honestly, that was interesting. ISFJs and ISTPs pretty much glamorize the military. I know that Ronda is for sure ISFP. I watched her tons. 
Pretty clear INTP. well.. fuckI've been described as contagiously optimistic. Considering the richest individuals on Earth are all introverts, aside from the million other things wrong with this, I am doubting its validity I could say the same.Just to give some insight into your posts. 

I completely agree that those that enjoy observational patterns will be more inclined to enjoy MBTI. My theory is that it is entirely revolved around fluid intelligence which isn't innately intuitive, but genetic. The sensors I know that enjoyed MBTI were usually those that went "against the grain" as you will. Which lends itself to the whole "if you know the system you can act against it". The Big 5 on the other hand is more of a crystallized intelligence. It's more empirical, requires research and not as intuitive. I personally love both, and I can assure you out of everyone I know I enjoy MBTI/Big 5 the most so your second point isn't wrong either.Honestly not a terrible exercise. Gives you insight on what to work on... Any direction is good direction. Sounds like Fe-Si my dudeI disagree. I feel like INFJs grow by helping others and understanding human nature through it's similarities AND differences. My own personal theory is stay within the communication functions - in your case Fi-Te - and everything else is game depending if your life goals are intertwined. 

I'm married to an ENFP if that matters.Yea.. that's like all they do.I don't know anyone else more obsessed with mythology than I am. Purely anecdotal of course.Seemed ESFJ-ISTP. Mind you they're also drinking which just exacerbates her personality a bit.Just take a doctored IQ test. Real ones test for crystallized and fluid intelligence. Anything online will be inaccurate asf.Sounds like your typical miserable ISTP daddy-o.There's no louder mouth than an ESFJ in the work place. No I don't care that your child's ear infection took out a WHOLE hour of your child's education Gertrude.The only people I know that don't watch trailers because of spoilers are all INTPs.The biggest hurdles in relationships stem from lack of communication. If you have similar values (Fi) and you communicate those values productively (Te) you will have less bumps in your road to a successful relationship.

Source: Wife has a masters in psychology and soon to be a marriage and family therapist.Precisely.Eh, that's too absolute. Any relationship can work, some just take more than others. For INFP I'd suggest ENTJ all day and never ESTP because there would be way too much clash in values, activities, goals, the list goes on.No his masturbatory plans. He has been planning all week. My favorite is /r/DeepFriedMemes and my facebook posts from 10 years ago would be on /r/iamverysmart I used the wrong word. I meant an IQ test administered by a professional. Search for a therapist that specializes in it. Just be warned, you will be humbled.Ti users all day every dayUpload a video of you answering questions and I can guarantee something accurate.Pictures are hard. 

Back - ESXJ
Left - IXTJ
Right - IXNPI find that ISXJs tend to daydream all day. I brought up Punta Cana to an ISTJ coworker of mine and she couldn't stop revisiting her last vacation. ~~INTJ: The opportunity to work for Elon Musk.~~

~~to be Elon Musk~~

To surpass Elon MuskI've had several friends with ADHD test as XNXP when they were far from it. Something about the wording of the questions and Ne tends to resonate with ADHD.Yea but I wouldn't call it stimulating. I'm always a spectator, even in my own memories. It's hard for me to relive past emotions.I like the more active dedicated istp sub. /r/mallninjashitWell I think you're just describing insecurity in general. Plenty of ENFPs feel like their ideas aren't good enough. Or INTJs that over analyze things because they can never come to a decision. Too vague. Every function obsesses. Te overworks, Ni overthinks, Si over analyzes, Se over collects, I could go on.

If you told me obsession with novelty? Probably Ne-Si. Obsession with hobbies? Obsession with people?Depends. What type are you?Alright lets try and narrow it down. 

When you have those dreams... I'm sure they're inspiring and energizing. What visionary change would you like to see in the world after your creative dreams? I took a little dive into your profile. Go read up on ISFP. I'm a little confident with that answer.Very interesting! If heritability of personality has any credence then type distribution should be different by nations and possibly influences culture on a massive scale.You sure have a lot of self doubt. Are you depressed? How old are you?Subconscious obsession of material things? That's inferior Si (more like inferior sensing in general but your examples are Si). ENXPs are both notorious for all things you mentioned.Oh my so young. Here's some advice. I started reading about MBTI and Jung when I was about 14 (25 now). Instead of focusing on what you lack compared to the stereotypical descriptions online, start researching WHY they have those traits. Concerning yourself with things like "Se muscles", which is ridiculous by the way, is counter-intuitive to the ultimate goal of self-actualization. 

If you are ISFP the biggest question you probably have right now is "where do I fit in all of this (community, nation, world, universe)" right? Coming to accept that it's all just a game of chance can help you accept that your situation won't change until you change it. Let me use a corny saying that old people spout when they spend their savings. "You won't win the lottery if you don't play".

I get the angst and anxiety man, we've all been there. That dude is the epitome of ISTJ.You have the opposite problem. Ni should help you come to a conclusion. It's weak Ni brah.christ In my personal experience, every alt-right (not conservative or just stereotypical right-wing) person has been XSTP. It's something about the edge and political anarchy that they love. Doesn't help that they are very good at finding research that confirms their biases.I feel personally attackedNah man we're all goofy asf.Pretty clear he has Fe + Se in his function stack, from just observing the video. So... INFJ/ISTP/ESTP.

Leaning towards ISTP because he doesn't seem to have much going on in the emotional intelligence department. 100% going to think it's a pyramid scheme and say noI don't know man. Some ISFXs are fucking WEIRD.During stress and conflict I am impulsive, my empathy is shot and I go into hyperfocus mode and everything is red. 

I'm usually not stressed though, or in conflict. My whole life revolves avoiding those.

I guess being in my mid 20s Se is pretty much an integral part of my life. I'm extremely observant and learned to not come to conclusions too quickly.Basically teenage INTJs. I was cringy as fuck dude.Once you research this stuff for 10+ years it becomes 2nd nature.I drew fractals, lots and lots of fractals. Was peaceful almost.I tried to find a correlation not long ago, to no avail. I had ENFP friends with low openness and low agreeableness and some on the opposite spectrum. And then some INTP friends with high agreeableness high neuroticism and the opposite as well.Because you have a convoluted definition of what Ni is. It's not some mystical source of information. It's the grasping and consolidation of ideas (normally known as theories, abstract concepts, etc). It's usually attributed to vision because it's idealistic in nature. As opposed to Si which is essentially the same thing but of facts (more concrete), which is more "realistic" in nature.To be fair that's usually how it goes. It's hard to be honest with oneself when there's millions of different variables.Statistically those that browse forums are probably introverted. Add to the fact that most tests have an intuitive bias and most people don't know themselves enough to answer honestly and bam.Which honestly kind of makes sense. If there's growth in function there is variation, naturally. So an INTJ out there is more Ni-Te than a  INTJ that is Ni-Fi, etc.

spooky ghost woOoOThis one?

https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/89k2lv/big_5_correlations_results/I'm down to mod, let me at itsuch a terrible subreddit name thoughand boiii you can call me magnetoA video is going to provide 100x more insights than 5 "I'm quiet lol" bullet points.Lack of tact/empathy tends to have profound effects on emotional regulation. 

tl;dr don't touch their chicken nuggets
Unless their developed Fi morals hold them back. I and the only other INtJ I know are extremely laid back and easy going. I honestly can't think of a grudge I've had except when it comes to romantic relationships where I've been hurt deeply and didn't understand the reasons, but even that passes over time. I think they are more likely to cut things and people off when they see the harm in not doing so and do not make it emotionally charged like an unhealthy INFJ. I guess you just described am unhealthy or immature INTJ. Welcome, INxJ! That's a good point. I could just also be misunderstanding it all completely. That Lisa Frank deck tho...

That is pretty interesting. I never learned much about tarot cards but now I'm curious. It also sort of reminds me of Lyra from The Golden Compass (his dark materials series) and her intuitive reading of the  symbols of the alethiometer. One of my favorite books growing up, and now I know why!  Sounds like my ESTJ friend. Thankful to have him in my life, but don't do a good enough job of letting him know that.  If anyone has any ideas on how ESTJs prefer to be shown appreciation (without getting overly sentimental and awkward), hit me up!I didn't start wearing makeup until I was 19/20 (sophomore year of college). First it was just some concealer for blemishes and my friend showed me how to use eyeliner. I looked like an Egyptian (ancient). Slowly started using foundation/blush/mascara too and now that is all I use 6 years later.

I usually have concealer/foundation on daily, especially now that my skin isn't as clear as it used to be due to change of hormonal BC.  Most days I do my eyes too and love the subtle change when I use  eyeliner and mascara.  I try to take as little time to put it on as possible (like 5 minutes) because I never enjoy actually putting it on– it's just tedious.

I don't like looking overdone and want to look as natural as possible, so I just do things that smooth out blemishes and enhance what I think are my best features.  Adding some minor blush in is somewhat new in my routine and it's usually a deep, warm, earthy red. If I do lipstick (which makes me feel self-conscious since it's such a huge difference and would only do it for a formal event), I go for the deep earthy reds again. Do you mean professionally or personally? I know plenty of semi-pro runners who are N types. They make great coaches too.  Personally know quite a few as well. And am one (very not pro).Same. Or fearful avoidant now that I'm not attached to anyone in particular. &gt;ISTJ will be sorely tempted to take over logistics for ENFP. ENFP should resist the impulse to outsource all responsibility for boring stuff to ISTJ since this will introduce a dependency dynamic that is not healthy.

This is exactly how my dad ENFP and mom ISTJ are. ISTJ mom also has some emotional issues and is very turbulent and needs to be in control of everyone. She likes to pick on my dad (she can be extremely critical to everyone) for not doing anything around the house and acting like a giant man-child, which would frustrate me too but she goes way too far and just does it to get a reaction. He's kind of a pushover and lets her until it piles up and he blows a fuse and escapes. She doesn't recognize that it is her doing that he doesn't know how to do anything or has any confidence to take care of basic adult responsibilities on his own by learning from failure. To be fair, he is an extreme space cadet and seems to lack common sense sometimes...

Another issue they have is my mom likes to plan things in advance, which is usually fine for everyone and my dad likes to just let it happen. However, lately he is really into running marathons and will spontaneously sign up for races all over the place without thinking about the cost of it all or whether they already have a whole vacation planned around one particular race that my mom was excited about. It hurts her feelings because she thinks he doesn't care about her and what she wants, but often he is just thinking out loud and throwing around ideas which she takes as absolute declarations. 

He's always going on about this race or that race, changing weekend plans to go bike with this person, go to that person's birthday, etc.  She just wants to do errands and hang out at home on the weekends, and take the occasional trip with just her and my dad into the country. Sometimes she likes to do all the fun things he does too, but it gets to be too much for her, but she gets lonely if he's not home with her all the time. 

Their issue, like with many relationships, is compromise and understanding that neither is intentionally trying to hurt the other. I have brought up MBTI to them a few times and how their arguments are textbook Ne-Si issues primarily, and I feel if they respected each other's differences they would have less of the same fights over and over again. I'm now often their mediator, unfortunately, since we all break into arguments frequently when together for more than a few hours.

They can also complement each other very well.  My mom loves my dad's nonchalance and childlike enthusiasm for everything, since she thinks of herself as boring but stable. My dad really would be lost without her as she runs the household (though he's the one with the PhD and the breadwinner and she didn't go to college.) They can balance each other out, or they can fail to see eye-to-eye and continuously step on each other's feet. 

All types can work together and yada yada– but I feel it helps to know specifically how your partner thinks so you can practice empathy and encourage them to see your side of things as well.I get a little judgmental when I see that someone's an ISTJ because my mom is one. I try to be less terrible, but not very hard. I don't have much passion for any ESFJs I know either, but I keep a polite distance.I do the same. I often get stuck in Ni-Fi loops when I try to rationalize what is occurring that give me massive headaches and make me feel worse if I don't get out and do other things.Well said. I agree a part of it is just not being fully developed or not using Te enough. I can relate to OP, or could more so when I was under 20 for sure. Everyone is different, but I started to care less and less what everyone else thought as I got older, even if I made a fool of myself somehow. Now I still deal with that a little bit when someone I respect and am trying to make an impression on is the focus, but I have tools to calm myself and teach myself to worry less in those situations. Confidence (but not arrogance) is a good shield. 

I get the sense (based off of many posts I'm seeing on /r/intj) that many of us are frustrated by a lack of ability to connect with or understand others. I like that you bring up that being a reason Jung was so invested in his work. It's certainly why I'm here. &gt; I'm only confused as to why an INTJ cannot worry about what people think of them. 

They can. People are wrong sometimes. 

I spend a lot of mental energy thinking about people and what they're thinking. I too, was wondering if I was INFJ, yet the description didn't sound like me at all. I'm pretty emotionally self-centered. Other people are an enigma to me and sometimes a source of stress and disappointment.  I strive to understand my environment and don't like being caught off guard by people I trust. 

Sometimes when typing someone, it's not what they do that you need to look at– it's why they do it. What drives them? How do they accomplish it, if they do?I agree, I was thinking definitely Fe at first but as someone else mentioned, the concern about what others think is more focused on the self than the others, making it an Fi concern. There is a lot of Te being expressed, but most likely tertiary. I see Ni too, but lack of ability to strategize and see steps ahead (and lack of any other mention of Ni) means definitely not Ni-dom. I also think ISFP. Sounds a lot like my friend's ISFP husband and an ESFP I knew, both who are emotionally troubled. I'm getting strong Fe and Ni vibes. INFJ or ENFJ. I'm not so certain how to distinguish which could be the lead function, however. It sounds definitely like Te is in a leading or supporting role. The stuff you wrote is based on a misinformed interpretation of the type letters, but everyone else already explained that. From the limited information I'd guess INTJ based on what I perceive are the differences between ENTJ and INTJ– INTJs are more likely to be content working on their own pace and on their own terms unless their work situation interferes or something is inefficient and impactful. ENTJs are more likely to be driven to direct and control their external environment (and often take the lead). 

I've seen this explained much better before, but I tried.

Being chill has nothing to do with J/P. 
Source: I'm chill AFSounds like a preference for Fi over Fe. Meaning he would be Fi-Te. If you're deciding between just ISxJ, only one of those uses that pair, which would be ISTJ. That's typically how I type people first, and then I look at the order in which they come (FiTe or TeFi). I see more Fi as well. Maybe even higher up. But that could just be the emotional mood swings and hormones. Definitely hard to know when there are other external factors, unfortunately- especially when you're so hyper focused on them that nothing else is mentioned (because it is overshadowed by mental roadblocks). 

For a lead or supporting Fi, there are ISFP (Fi Se Ni Te) and INFP (Fi Ne Si Te) or ESFP (Se Fi Te Ni) and ENFP (Ne Fi Te Si). Maybe explore more of those. I can't quite grasp where you are on the N or S spectrums, but I see Fi/Te. agree with everything you said. Also, I relate to a lot of OPs answers (that counts as analysis, right?).  I thought INFP at first, but the more I read the more Ni I recognized. I didn't notice it at first because to me it seemed so normal. Can confirm- sounds like INFPISFP also crossed my mind. It seems like undeveloped or inferior Te, that is true. especially when you mentioned having so many ideas that you just don't carry out. I have that issue too sometimes (underdeveloped), but I do see even less activity in that function on your part. Or lack of more mention of it. Yeah I have a much harder time with perceiving functions sometimes. You have two boyfriends?INTJ:
Accept that not everyone is going to see the world the way you do. Human diversity can be a beautiful thing that makes the world so much more interesting. 

Sometimes the difference in whether a trait is a flaw or a strength is simply contextual.Definitely Te followed by Fi. 

So ~~INTP~~, ~~ISTP~~, INTJ, ESTJ, ISTJ, ~~INFP~~. 

I usually don't initially rule out extraversion simply because you're socially introverted or like alone time since in MBTI extraversion refers to your relationship with the external environment and objects/actions, not just people, but I'm heavily leaning towards I for you even still.

So INTJ, ~~ESTJ~~, ISTJ

I really think ISTJ.  Not getting higher levels of Ni or Ne. I thought I could read Se when you mentioned walking around the house while listening to music, but who knows. That's my best guess.I don't know why I assumed that was a typo :) And here, I'm still looking for one! ;)I think your love for crazy loud parties negates the presence of inferior Se, actually. I like them sometimes, but have to be in a certain mood (drunk ;)) already.

I am leaning towards ENTP with you, but still need to think on it more/need more evidence. Maybe I'll look for some other questions to narrow it down. Oh man, I teared up hard during those #likeagirl Nike ads. 
I'm quite easy to tear up, for an INTJ. I have no idea why and always hated it. It's like an allergic reaction I have to things that don't actually bother me, but I objectively know are intended to be hurtful, so my body is like "ok this is a thing you cry about". My mom used to call me a cry baby since I couldn't help it. Usually unexpected or very personal criticism would trigger it. I won't even feel a lot of emotion about something and otherwise not think twice about it, but no one will believe me because I might have tears in my eyes.

I cry during movies and shows sometimes and it really depends on the character, how much empathy I gained for them, or the circumstances. 

I recently got MRI results back telling me I'd need surgery and wouldn't be able to run again for 6+ months, and while I kept a level head and asked all of my rational questions, I couldn't stop the tears, which the doctor kept getting distracted by even though I told him I was fine. 

If I see true, deep sorrow in a stranger crying inconsolably, especially if they look like someone for whom crying is rare, I will tear up too. A few weeks ago a young man at a coffee shop walked up to an older lady employee and I didn't hear a word they exchanged, but it looked like he confessed something to her and she just held him closely while he broke down hard. He could barely hold himself up, he looked so defeated. I imagine he just got the news of a death of someone close to him. It made me want to cry too, and I choke up just thinking about it. I enjoyed the read. Yes, it's pretty surface level but it covered the general points, and the case studies were great. If the author got any more detailed and started talking about more specific types or groupings, he probably would have lost some of his audience. 

I like when my two main passions are combined (outdoors/endurance sports and mbti)I think neurotic would be a good replacement :) INTJ

I'm a forgiving, accepting person (maybe too much or too often) but I can't stand incompetence and total disregard of one's impact on the world. This includes total lack of spatial or social awareness (taking up a whole sidewalk, not letting someone enter the freeway), entitlement, or excessive individualism ("I'm going to drive 30mph in a 60 zone, just go around me– at least I'm not speeding"). 

Your very existence does not happen in a void. Your actions have consequences. Your boss sounds like my INTJ boss.  Sometimes he is so obviously intj, and others he makes me wonder with how stubborn, irrational, and opinionated he is. He's made some very short-sighted decisions as a leader, in my opinion, and couldn't give two shits about his employees. Many have left or are unhappy, which does nothing great for the company. 

He decides certain people are just downright incompetent, lazy, or a combination of the two, and nothing they do or say is ever of any substance or quality to that man. 

Thankfully he likes me because I speak his language and even though I started as a lowly intern, I always presented what I said as absolute statements without any wiggle room or uncertainty. They could be disagreed with, but they were based in fact, experience, and observation. It also helped that my expertise (design) is a personal hobby for him, even though he's CFO, and he thinks what I do is magic. When my ENFJ friend used to work for him, she would be steamrolled by him because she failed to back up her ideas to him like I did. But I think he can just detect weakness in others and without a doubt enjoys tearing people down who he sees as inferior.

He's a very unhealthy INTJ. Maybe your boss just decided he doesn't trust you or your decisions, even if you're speaking his Te language? I was going to say ISFP but from what you emphasized there was definitely a strong amount of Si and Fi. She could be INFP. Does sort of sound like one I know. His Ne makes him more of a traveler/drifter than a dreamy intellectual, but it's still Ne. I think I read a lot more Fi in there, aside from what's quoted. He spends a lot of time exposing his moral values and seems to care deeply for them. An ENTP might have a more laid back attitude to them. The ENTPs I know might have attitudes like OP as well, but I feel like they wouldn't make that such a dominant component of their personal description. 

I feel pretty strongly OP is a young ENFP. Sounds like a few I know or how they described themselves growing up. Agreeing with the others- ESFJMy mom is an ISTJ and sounds like the description you have. She has only nightmares, that she can remember, or that she bothers to share. I don't think dreams interest her. 

Mine are only very loosely based on the concrete world. I feel like my mind takes the places and people I've known and experienced and combines them randomly (like my 7th grade French classroom with 4th grade classmates but I'm in college and also back at an ice skating rink I had summer camp at in middle school). And they all have a dreamy or fantastical essence to them. They're sort of adventure stories and are usually fun. 

Sometimes my stress dreams involved Jurassic park scenarios or zombies and storm troopers (??) but as I got older my nightmares became about my deepest psychological traumas and interpersonal relationships :(She's too by-the-book though. I think that's where the Si shows the most. Her inability to stray from the rules was too frustrating for me. I think Newt could've been ENFP instead of ENTP. I see the Ne, but his desire to study the beasts so that he can document their behaviors and educate the general population to foster understanding and appreciation is very much Te. And a bit of Fi as well. 

Why is Tina ISFJ? Just curious about your reasoning. 
And Queenie could be ESFP?Because extroverted intuition doesn't necessarily have to be directed towards people and social things– it also means directing energy into the external world in exploration. I know a few ENTPs who seem like introverts and are kind of loners but they throw themselves into the world and are very adventurous. 

I'm not completely convinced he is but throwing it out there. 

Edit: wordI can't imagine anyone calling an ENTP a golden retriever :)
It's what an Si dom would say I think. Definitely think this is more cultural. Type preferences might cause an individual to notice it more than another, perhaps. 

Anecdotally, my ISTJ Mom is Eastern European/from the Mediterranean and gestures almost as much as other cultures from the area. I picked up a lot of that as well. In Dario Nardi's book on type and neurological patterns, in his fairly limited (and youthful) sample of participants, he did observe that the brain patterns of the neocortex were rather different in older and more developed individuals than of those who were the same type but younger. They even had developed regions to the point that their brain activity suggested they were of an entirely different type.

Since MBTI is just a model and not a hard identifiable line can be drawn between types, I hesitate to make a judgement on whether types can change or whether they just develop to be more well-rounded but with the same innate preferences. I lean towards the latter. There seems to be nearly nothing to really go off of here. You can't really type someone without getting a sense of how they think. Multiple types can display the same behavior, work the same job, or obsess over a certain detail. You have to get deeper, into the WHY. What is their motivation? Their fears? Their passion? That's where they stand apart. 

All I could safely say from this write up is that he's an introvert. As for vibes I do get istp as mentioned by someone else, but that's a shot in the dark cause I knew someone who seemed similar on the surface.From observation Si seems to be more likely to also hold stricter protocol, procedures, and methods with less deviation from what they traditionally learned or developed. 

An Si person would be more likely to be like "I'm at work, so that will have to wait because I can't/don't text at work" because that's just how things are done. It's rigid. 

ENTJ and INTJ would only have a "I work when I'm at work" mentality because they are too in the zone to focus on anything else. The motivation to be appealing to people sounds like an Fi motivation. Fe is less self-focused. But that could just be phrasing. Fe is also about trying to fit in to the group for the sake of group harmony, but often at the expense of true self expression and individualism. 

Your description of taking your ideas into practical reality is kind of the definition of Te– applying structure and/or constructing in the external world. But your focus on refinement first could be an effect of Ti or just a focus on perfectionism.

My guess is INTJ since you sound like me though... j can be extremely lazy and don't like to put my work out in the world until its in a state I approve of. I like to experiment internally/privately first. Hahahaha put together. Absolutely not! I did spend the last year absorbing everything I could about MBTI and had some thoughts of also being INFJ because I'm so internally troubled by and obsessed with my relationships with other people. I absolutely do not have an inkling of Fe, although I do have a filter and never say anything blunt or disrespectful for the sake of being correct like some who claim to be INTJ do.

You also could just have an underdeveloped Te, like I did for a while. My self confidence and assuredness entirely depends on my current mood– I go from feeling like my old anxious and insecure self fairly frequently, and then have some good days where I feel like I'm on top of my shit and can do or learn how to do anything if I really wanted to. I also was in a job for a few years that was unmotivating and unfulfilling and led me to be even more depressed, lazy, and worthless. I just started a new job and I feel on top of the world– busy, productive, useful. Because of my Te I really enjoy streamlining procedures and synthesizing user data and visualizing the insights. That's an example of Te at work. 

Maybe just keep hanging around each of the subs and after a while you may find you resonate more with one of them. Or you may not, because the lines between types are blurry and may even be somewhat nonexistent. We are all individuals with our own personal histories and MBTI is merely a model, not a definition. :( neopets was when I learned HTML/CSS and was also probably my peak happiness 22That's one of my favorite things to read on this sub: "I think a lot so I must be a T". No I ended up guessing half of my friend/running group as ESTJ, but I actually think I'm still pretty accurate, even now that I'm much more experienced trying to type people...  I guess that sort of activity just really attracts a lot of that type. 

Can you try to confirm some of them? That'd be a good way to teach yourself. Sounds like some INFJs I know. ES*PI enjoy ENTPsThat or they're immature and lack significant development of their Fi. I can relate to you all as well. I definitely feel like a more social and romantic outcast on r/INTJ sometimes. So does mine. But they're always questions that only she can answer. And then she's upset I didn't know/do the thing right later. Sounds just like the self-destructive ENTP I dated briefly recently. My enfp dad was a mathematician and a professor. I kind of agree with OP's explanation. Also dated an enfp who went back to grad school to be a professor in his field. He was much better at explaining things really well and was very inspiring, but the nature of his passions were idealistic and framed around understanding systems in order to effect drastic social and moral change. I think it's helpful to look for a contrast in Fe vs Fi and how it underlies a person's motivations. My INTJ coworker and coach both almost have an extremely awkward lack of eye contact when speaking to you. It even made me feel awkward before I realized they were INTJs. I grew up with an aversion to it myself but was more sensitive to how it comes across and have worked on changing that. Definitely catch myself with the 1000 yard stare off to the side whilst talking about ideas with people, however. INFJs I know seem to lean in and watch my face while I speak, which is flattering but at the same time very disconcerting to me. Only one INFJ friend seems to have a very difficult time looking like she's even listening to me though, choosing to look at every other distraction in our environment when I'm expecting her to be listening to me.

I see trends in the celeb interviews but of course a lot of it comes down to so many factors like upbringing, culture, self esteem, gender, etc. Some individuals are maybe more stereotypical than others.These are amazing.  But where are the INTJs?That's an infj and esfj thing in my facebook feed. [Ni](http://i.imgur.com/NlLDouY.jpg)
[Ne](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a3/Escher's_Relativity.jpg)

My visual impression of the difference in Ni-Dom and Ne-Dom (or aux). Does this make sense to anyone else? Agree/disagree? 

Feel free to share your own visual impressions of intuition or the other cognitive functions. 

E: 
To expand a little on my thoughts: Ni is focused on discovering an ultimate "truth" or conclusion based on otherwise apparently disparate information and objects. Discovering the big picture. 

Ne takes the big picture and looks at it from different angles and sees all of the disparate paths and how they connect. How they can go in vastly different directions, and yet simultaneously exist. 

Or maybe I just find Ne that confusing as an Ni-Dom. 

Both see the big picture from multiple perspectives. 

I've never tested as that before so that's interesting. However, I have tested as INFP at least once before and that type is also dominant Fi. What part of my answers shows Fi?I have considered this one before because I have tested as INFJ several times. However, I didn't feel like I related to Si at all but perhaps I may just not understand Si.I think it is the traditional aspect of Si I can't relate to. I like finding new ways of doing things and I thoroughly enjoy seeking change.I tried fixing my formatting but I don't think it's much better. I'm not really sure how to fix it. Sorry!

As for my Pi, I am not really sure between which of those two I relate to more. They seem the same to me.Aha that's okay. I'm still having a difficult time understanding the differences in Fe and Fi. I feel like I share qualities from both functions.No, I usually don't rely on my memory for most things. I just go by with what makes the most logical sense at the moment when it comes to making decisions.Yeah, I guess I just make decisions based on what I think is logically correct in my mind.

Let's take the boy and gorilla incident that just recently happened as an example. I know many people will disagree but I think the people were right in shooting the gorilla. The boy was in danger and we know what kind of harm gorillas are capable of doing. It was the mother's fault that he was in that situation so the boy shouldn't be punished. Sure, the gorilla could be tranquilized but that is also putting the boy at more risk for harm.

I am not quite sure if that's a good example or not for how I make decisions.

Also, I tend to micromanage a bit. I don't think I am a very strict micromanager when it comes to working on group projects but I definitely like to be the one in control if I see everyone else as inferior in the field.Yes, if I feel the need to micromanage then I am willing to do so. I struggled with it a bit in the past because I am a shy and quiet person but nowadays I'm willing to be quite vocal with others about what needs to happen.


I don't really correct the grammatical errors of others unless I cannot understand what they have said or I am unsure about what they have said. As long as I can understand what they are trying to say, then I probably won't say anything, unless we are writing a report for a school project or something where grammar really matters. This is mainly because I do not put much effort into being grammatically correct myself and I do make grammatical errors every now and then.As long as I can understand the information given I can absorb it. It doesn't have to be in order although order is nice.

I've thought about ISTJ before but I was always under the impression that ISTJs are these hard-working and responsible individuals which is something I am not. I am very lazy and I like to do things last minute. I don't put my all into anything I do unless I am absolutely motivated. I prefer putting minimal effort into studying for tests because I know I'm smart enough to do well on them without the need of studying.

Of course, my impression of the ISTJ could be wrong as I know that there are a lot of bad stereotypes revolving sensors, so I am open for anything.I think the tertiary Fi description is super relatable for me. However, I don't think I relate to the inferior Ne description at all. The people that it says that ISTJs respect sound a lot like me. Someone who is "intellectually curious, informed and demonstrate awareness of all novel and unusual developments."I think you may have hit the nail on the head with that one. I just read the INTJ description from the sidebar and the inferior Se function is surprisingly accurate. 

I think my problem before was that I was kind of looking at cognitive functions on their own and trying to find out which ones I could relate to. I really should have looked at how the different functions work in different parts of the stack. Just from regular Se descriptions I wouldn't have been able to relate to the function but after seeing it described as an inferior function makes it easier to understand. Thanks for the help :)I've taken several MBTI tests and about 90% of the time I have been typed as INTJ. The other 10% consisted mostly of INFJ and INTP. I made this thread to see how other people type me because I don't think that I generally come off as the stereotypical INTJ. I also wanted to see what cognitive functions people thought I had. Just looking at the four letters, INTJ was probably the obvious choice as a type for me. However, it wasn't so obvious when looking at all the functions. I think I also have a better understanding of cognitive functions now than I did before I made this post.The arrogant, selfish, self-centred, non-romantic, insensitive jerks who have no feelings. I definitely do show a lot of signs of arrogance but I'm also a very anxious and insecure person and I like to use my ego as a mask for my insecurities. I would say I am quite selfish but I do also give to and help others because I know it's the right thing to do. I'm also extremely sensitive and my feelings can get hurt quite easily.

Oh and the serious nature of the INTJ. I am usually really goofy and I laugh a lot when I'm with my friends.I am a male 5w6. I can also relate to taking things very seriously in a work environment. It's like I have a switch that I can turn on and off when necessary.Te is probably the INTJ function I have the most difficult time relating to but that could a result of me just not understanding the function properly. I do like to make logical decisions and I like it when everything makes sense. However, I sometimes struggle putting my actual plans into action. I spend most of my time thinking about what I am going to do rather than actually doing something. I do prefer when people are honest but I don't think that we can't have a positive atmosphere just because people are honest with each other.I think it was the fact that the Fi description seemed to fit really well that I didn't feel the need to comment on Te. There are aspects of all 4 judging functions that I can relate to which makes it frustratingly difficult to determine which axis I am on.Ah, well in that case, I think INFJ is definitely a strong possibility.When I write essays, I come up with my thesis and for each point I make in my thesis, I make sure to provide ample amounts of evidence to support each argument.This a paragraph from a King Lear essay I wrote in my English class.

Finally, the parallel between King Lear and Gloucester illustrates the theme that favouritism is detrimental to family relationships. Lear and Gloucester are both impulsive men who betray their favourite child. In Lear's subplot, Lear banishes Cordelia, his loyal daughter, and trusts his other two daughters who end up betraying him. When Lear goes to live with Goneril for the first time, he states, "O most small fault,/ How ugly did thou in Cordelia show,/ Which, like and engine, wrenched my frame of / nature," (I.iv.278-281). This reveals that Lear does not realize he has made a mistake until he begins to live with Goneril and Regan. Because Lear favours Cordelia over the two sisters, the two sisters feel the need to get revenge on Lear. In addition, Lear feels foolish after he realizes he has made a mistake in disowning Cordelia. Next, in Gloucester's subplot, Gloucester is manipulated by Edmund into believing that Edgar is trying to murder him. After Regan reveals to Gloucester that Edmund is tricking him, Gloucester exclaims, "O my follies! Then Edgar was abused./ Kind gods, forgive me that, and prosper him," (III.vii.111-112). This indicates that Gloucester realizes he is making a mistake in trusting Edmund. In summary, Lear's and Gloucester's impulsive behaviour of trusting their evil children over their good, loyal children resulted in tragedy. Thus, the parallel between Lear and Gloucester illustrates the theme of how favouritism is detrimental to family relationships.I usually get straight to the point when I speak with people. When someone asks me a question, it's not uncommon for me to answer with a simple yes or no. I'm usually a lot more detailed in my writing than when I am speaking because I have time to think about what I am going to write when it comes to essay writing. However, if I have a very strong opinion on something or I am very passionate about something, I will go out of my way to throw up everything I know onto the people I am speaking with because I will have the need to try to persuade them.

If someone asks for advice, I will usually be honest with them. I might say something along the lines of, "No you're not very good at doing X. You're really good at doing Y but you probably shouldn't do X anymore."

Thank you for the compliment on my essaySo basically if you're a thinker, you're not good. LolNopeISFJ?I am not an NF type but I'm not gonna lie, while I wrote this post, I thought a lot of people might see me as a feeler typeI actually don't have Ne anywhere in my stack :PNopeNopeBingo. INTJESTP?ESTP?This would have been too easy if I did strike you as an INTJ now wouldn't it?Just in case you're wondering how I came to the conclusion that I was INTJ:

http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/843066-whats-my-type-questionnaire.html
http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/868914-unsure-about-type.html

If you still don't agree, I'd love to chat a bit because I'm still not 100% set on it eitherINFPThanks. Also, I'm not really afraid of breaking rules. However, in that scenario, I just think it would be stupid to do so because of how easy it is to get caught.Done. Thanks again

After reading up on ISTJ, I think my biggest problem with it is the inferior Ne. From my understanding, they tend to see the worst outcomes in every scenario, causing them to feel super anxious. This is almost completely opposite of how I am because I think I tend to feel overconfident in situations where I should be slightly anxious.It is funny that you mention ESTJ because that is actually my least favourite mbti type. I am also definitely not an extrovert. 

Anyways, I love the fact that you can use math, science, logic and problem solving to create something useful. I'm good at math and I've always enjoyed it and you can use those problem solving and thinking skills to create cool and creative systems. It is not something I feel pressure to work hard to do either. As long as you can understand the concepts, you can achieve great success with very minimal effort.I know this isn't case for all ESTJ types but a lot of them just come off as close-minded pricks. Their "get it done" attitude seems really stupid when they don't think things through a lot first. They just think they know everything and that they are always right. Also, they are really stubborn and can kind of come off as bullies. ENTJ types also have this "get it done" attitude but I can admire them because they do seem to be open minded.

I do fit a lot of INTJ descriptions. Like you said, I do show a lot of Te. I think of the 4 introverted functions, Ni is more likely to be my dominant than Si, mostly because Si dominant means Ne inferior. I always thought I was either Ni or Ti dominant with Fi as a slight possibility as well.I'm gonna guess ENTP but I could be completely off.I was thinking Skyler might be some sort ExFJ. 

Saul is definitely an ENTP I think. 

Gus is definitely an INTJ. 

Mike might be ISTJ. 

I also think Marie might be an ESFP but I am not too sure about that one. 

I really don't know what I would type Flynn. Maybe ISFP.

I agree with the rest although Hank might be ESTP but I am not too sure about that one either.1. I respect individuals who are really passionate about something and always try their hardest to succeed. I like it when people have good intentions and always do their to accomplish what is right. I also respect individuals who are constantly seeking for improvement.

2. People who are ignorant turn me off, especially when they think they know everything.  I also don't like it when people don't aspire to achieve anything. I also despise it when people always think they're right, especially when they have clearly been proven wrong.

3. I have very bad memory for detail. I can remember what people have told me in a general sense but I have a difficult time remembering exactly what people have told me. I am the type of person to forget what someone told me right when I get off the phone with them, or forget why I walked into a certain room. I always despised having to rely on memorization to succeed.

4. I spend most of my time thinking about the past and the future. Usually, when I think of a memory of a person in the past, I will instantly start thinking of a potential scenario involving them in the future. I enjoy thinking and daydreaming about anything and everything. Usually, I will think about one thing at a time. I don't like jumping from topic to topic. I will think about a certain goal and all of the steps required to achieve that goal. I daydream a lot, even when driving.

5. I think I would enjoy listening to someone talk about the topic and teaching it to me. I love learning new things.

6. I guess science would be a topic I would be interested in.

7. When someone does something I disagree, I usually wouldn't confront them because I am quite shy and people usually wouldn't listen to me so I would consider it to be a waste of time. However, in cases where I would confront the person, I would probably question the person, asking them what their motives are and what their goal is. I definitely feel a lot more comfortable confronting someone who is close to me. The more that their actions directly affect me, the more likely I am to confront them about it and the more aggressive I will be when doing so.

8. I am not super interested in doing new things. I think there are many things I would be interested in doing but I can definitely live without doing them. I am usually willing to try new things because it gives me a good experience to have fun and look back upon in the future. It is good to have some excitement in your life every now and then.

9. I think I'm generally very happy and shy but can go from relaxed to super uptight in an instant. I think people usually say I look sad whenever I am not smiling which is not the case, so I guess some people may think I am more emotional than I actually am. I think people definitely see me as rational. I am usually quiet and reserved. I like to choose my words carefully and I usually finish my sentences. I usually don't interrupt people but I get annoyed when people interrupt me. I don't usually have the urge to get up and moving all the time. I am perfectly fine sitting for long periods of time. I tend to have a hard time getting out of bed in the morning, especially when I know I have to do something that I do not want to do.

10. One time when I was playing a video game with some friends, I mentioned what I thought was the reason we were losing. One of my friends thought I was blaming them (which I kinda was) but that was not the point. I was trying to tell this person what I felt we needed to do next time but instead of taking my suggestions as constructive criticism, they instead felt attacked. It was very irritating because I just wanted this person to take what I was saying so they could do better next time.

11. It does not take me very long to decide that I am unhappy. I usually have very high expectations which means it is extremely easy for my achievements to fall below expectations and when this happens, I get upset and become disappointed. I prefer to process feelings on my own, and am usually irritated when people try to talk to me about it and give me advice. I might start talking to affected parties about the issue when I am feeling better. I prefer to stick with my decision because I made it for a reason. I do not experience big changes like this very often I don't think. I think these experiences are a result of both my own decisions and external circumstances.I usually have high expectations for my success. For example, I usually if I think I will get a perfect score on a test, I will feel at least a little disappointed when I get even just one mark below perfect. 

I have plans for the future that I've been planning for quite some time now and it is very important to me that I go through with these plans.

I often feel like I have unintentionally offended someone.You're one of the xNTP types. I'm going to guess ENTP.INTPYou just seemed like a stereotypical xNTP the first time I read this. The Ne was very evident. However, after reading this a second time, I think you could also be an xNFP as well. xNFP is actually probably more likely now that I've read this again.INTJ, logic/math, self, and languageISFJ I think. I might be wrong but I think you have strong Si.You might also be Fi-dom. So you're either ISFJ or IxFP.INFP is probably the most accurate. I think there's enough evidence to support that OP has Fi, Ne and Si as their top 3 functions.I submitted a paragraph of an essay I wrote and I actually got INTJ.He sounds like an INTP who was raised to be very nice to others.What do you mean that I'm not asking the right questions? The questions are just from a questionnaire I found online. Unless you're talking about the questions I asked about the picture in question 1. In which case, how can there be right and wrong questions to ask about it?What about my answer in question 11 turned you off from INFJ? Just curious.INFJ is one of the types I am heavily considering so you could be right.I just wanted to see what people's opinions of what my type is based off of my answers to these questions.INTJ is what I score most of the time on online tests so I think that is very likely.ENTJI was thinking it would probably be Si.94%
I'm not gonna lie, I wanted to get it over with so I started guessing the ones I didn't know right awayI am going to guess INFJ. I see Fe along with some inferior Se.Failed right brain.
60% people watchingI think INFJ as wellThe Sociopath

86% Rational

0% Extroverted

57% Brutal

71% ArrogantThanks for the reply! I appreciate the effort you put into justifying why you think I am an ISTJ. However, I do have some questions. 

1. You said that the statement I made is basically textbook Te-Fi. Do you mean Te&gt;Fi or just Te-Fi in general. If it is the latter, what made you conclude my Te was stronger than my Fi?

2. You said inferior Ne manifests as a hidden goofy side. However, I would say my goofy side is not really hidden. The only thing hiding it is my introversion. Most people who know me well understand that I goof off quite a bit. Does this change anything? Or is this still an argument for inferior Ne?

3. It seems that your justification as to why I am Te-Fi boiled down to one sentence I made. Was that one sentence a strong enough reason to conclude that I am Te-Fi? Or where the other things that I had said that indicated Te-Fi? In particular, auxiliary Te and tertiary Fi.

Again, thanks for the response. I am not saying that I think you are right or wrong. I just want enough important details in order to come to a safe conclusion. Haha, I guess I am treating this like a medical diagnosis. I just find this whole topic very intriguing that I want to know as much as possible as to why people may think I am a certain type.

Again, thanks for taking the time to help type me. Your efforts are greatly appreciated :)You are the second person to believe I am on the Te-Fi axis and I think there is sufficient evidence to conclude that I am Te-Fi. 

I think it makes sense that I could be either INTJ or ISTJ. From what I have read, INTJ's and ISTJ's are very similar in that they are both realistic, introverted types that favour Te. 

If I had to guess, I would say that I come off as more of a stereotypical INTJ than a stereotypical ISTJ. This is probably why a lot of the things I said resonate with more of your INTJ friends than ISTJ friends.

It appears biggest point of confusion for my typing comes with my answer to 1. Looking back at it, I can definitely see why someone might think it reveals that I have Ni and why someone else might think it reveals that I have Si. I do agree that my answer to 8 does seem to resonate a lot more with intuition than sensing.

Thanks for the response! :)How does this apply to INTJs?All we can really deduce from this is that they are likely a XXXJ type. 

If I had to make a guess, I'd say INFJ. INFJs tend to be artistic daydreamers who are somewhat arrogant. However, they could really be any of the 8 judging types.A: 17, Male, Canadian

B: What I remember easily:

Step-by-step instructions

Tasks to do

General principles or "life lessons"


What I forget easily:

Details in personal stories

Sensory information

People's names right after meeting them


C: People I feel most comfortable around:

Chill

Deep

Friendly

Quiet

Social chameleon

Silly

Smart


People who make me feel uncomfortable or awkward:

Emotional

Oblivious

Off in lala land


People who annoy me most:

Bossy

Can't compromise

Constantly changing their mind

Messy

Loud

Immature

Neat freak

Nitpicking details of what you said

Fake

Says what people want to hear

Snobbish


D: I usually try to avoid interpersonal conflict or confrontation. However, whenever I do get into this, I generally be extremely stern and straightforward with the person and start firing off the facts. I can get pretty heated. I actually think the way I handle it is good for me. An example would be when a friend got upset with me and called me a cunt, to which I responded with a long list of reasons as to why they are a bigger cunt and have no right to call me one.


E: I tend to look down when I walk. I am not very talkative and I prefer to listen over talking. When I do speak, I am usually pretty loud, especially during presentations where I can exert a lot of confidence. Sometimes I feel very engaged with people and events around me but most of the time my mind is elsewhere, thinking of something else. I think people who know me well would think of me as more rational than emotional but I think on the surface people might see me as more emotional than rational since I'm babyfaced and always look innocent. I have a switch to go from being very goofy to being very serious. I definitely enjoy being goofy a lot but I know that I have to be serious most of the time. I definitely stumble upon my words, trying to think of the best way to say something or how to say something. I think faster than I speak and I will keep trying to say something until the the person I am speaking to understands what I am trying to say. I often forget what I am going to say. I don't get excited very easily and don't show that much excitement when I do. I don't often get bored too easily either. I think I can be quite fidgety at times but not much. I have a hard time getting up in the morning so I guess I find it hard to get moving after a period of rest. I definitely get very antsy all the time. It is definitely the pressure to be productive. I have a bad habit of procrastinating everything. I often feel good spending a whole day resting and not being productive at all when I do not have anything to do. However, if I am not productive during a day where I have lots to do, I may end up sacrificing sleep in order to get done what needs to get done. In fact, I only got 1 hour of sleep last night, working on math and an English essay because I spent the whole day yesterday playing video games instead.

F: I seem to notice what kind of a person someone is or the direction that an event is headed towards (like something good or bad will happen). I always mess up doing little things like pouring milk into a glass.

G:
I love analyzing and improving on complex intellectual theories. I could do this all day. It is also something that I think I am good at.

I also enjoy analyzing people's behaviours, feelings, intentions, and social roles. It allows me to learn more about other people.

I don't care much about analyzing the lessons or subtle meanings derived from an event or story although it is cool when I discover one.

I hate doing a lot of work involving creativity.

I am not good at brainstorming myself but analyzing ideas and approaches to problems is something I love doing.

I am not good at comforting and providing emotional support to people.

I am extremely good at completing tasks using pre-existing knowledge.

I don't like art, nor am I good at it.

Doing familiar daily tasks is a good way for me to do something simple so that I feel productive.

I don't care for fighting for social causes that are very important to me. In addition, I am not really sure what social causes I would even fight for.

I always figure out complex problems by looking at examples.

I don't like helping people smooth over a conflict.

I don't like nor am I good at making personal or detailed aesthetic choices.

I am very good at making predictions or guesses about how things are likely to turn out or what will happen next and I enjoy doing this too.

I am not that good at physical activities but I see the appeal in both activities that involve good reaction skills in unpredictable situations and those that requires a lot of practice and repetition to perfect.

I like putting together informative projects.

I enjoy doing research and writing reports is okay.

I love solving challenging and analytical puzzles although I am not always very good at them.

I don't like supervising a large group of people but I am okay with delegating tasks.

I am not the greatest at teaching or explaining things to people but it also helps me better understand the topics I am teaching them about.

When working on a difficult, "unsolvable" problem, I usually need to get help and I have to rely heavily on just intuition to solve it. Whether I need to fall asleep and wake up with the answer, or I am just walking, not even thinking about the problem and the answer just pops up in my head, if I solve the problem, it will not be the way I would usually solve problems.Same for me too.INTJGary is ENTJI can't really remember the other rivals too well. I think May might have been ESFJ and Barry might have been ESTP but I can't remember too well.

I said Gary is ENTJ over ESTP (which was my second choice) because he seems a lot more calculated than impulsive. For example, the very start of the game, he lets you choose your starter first so he can counter it. I think an ESTP would most likely have just picked right away. I could be wrong though.motiv type - MOTWDEG

motiv+ type - mOt|W|deg

jung type - INTJ

personality disorders (top 3): schizotypal, antisocial, schizoid

enneagram : type 4/5 (71%/70%)

careers (top 3): philosopher, philosophy professor, comedian (I found this last one to be quite odd)INTJ Male

Maid Marion, Little John, Sheriff, Robin Hood

"You are essentially a contented person, even if you consider yourself a little superior. You are moral by your own standards, for you believe that morality is what best suits the occasion."

"You are sexually uninhibited, more romantic than you may appear, and more dependent on the approval of others than you care to admit."

This is pretty accurate for me imo.I was thinking the same thing while reading this as this sounds like something I would do. I'm no expert but I'm guessing it has to do with the fact that Ni-Te working together can come off as or work like Ti.

I have also heard that the 6th function can be very strong, and for INTJs, this would be Ti.

I would agree though, that I would probably look for an instruction manual first. However, if I can't find one, then I'm likely to do what the Ti-user did.This sounds right.INTJ Male.

IRCESA where C and E are equal. I think this makes sense for a computer science student like myself. Most of the jobs listed are engineering jobs too.

I think C is likely to be very low for NP's to be more specific. I would think that C is at least moderately high for NJ's. (I got 17% myself). However, SJ's probably have a higher score than NJ's on average.1: ENFJ

2: XNFP

3: ISFJVirtues: Temperance and Diligence

Sins: Pride and GluttonyKatniss Everdeen. I've seen her typed as ISTJ, ISTP  and even INTJ.I would agree that Te-Fi users come off as more harsh than Ti-Fe users. However, I still prefer Te-Fi. Probably because I value honesty. I would rather someone be brutally honest with me than to lie to me just so that my feelings don't get hurt.Of course! But of the two options, I'd prefer the former over the latter.I would agree with your view that both are character flaws. I think this is also a good indicator of immaturity vs maturity in the types since many mature types probably wouldn't communicate in either of the two options I listed.That was a pretty interesting quiz. I got Slytherin.I got RLOEI and primary type is Reserved.

Extroversion 22%

Orderliness 68%

Emotional Stability 46%

Accommodation 32%

Inquisitiveness 74%

It really seems like they listed every possible negative trait and no positive traits for this type. Although the careers seem to fit since I'm studying math and computer science.INTJ and I got Retentive Hysteric

Phallic-aggressive, oral-receptive and phallic-compensative are all really close behindI think you have Ne as one of your top two functions. A lot of talk about ideas and possibilities indicate this. Plus, your overall writing style seems very Ne - very random and all over the place.

I think you might be on the Ti/Fe axis but I'm not entirely sure about this. I would guess ENTP.Based on what you said, I'm going to guess that you are INFJ. Your description of how your Se pops up seems similar to many inferior Se descriptions. This would mean you are either INTJ or INFJ. I would choose INFJ over INTJ because of the way you react to watching the news. I can't imagine an INTJ getting upset easily from watching the news, although I am not sure many INFJs would either. It does seem more Fe than Fi though. I'm just guessing based off of what you have said so I may be completely wrong.I think I'm a pretty decent driver. Never got pulled over and never got any tickets. I think I'm pretty focused when driving although I am most prone to getting lost in thought while stopped at a red light. I usually have the general path I want to take to get to the destination mapped out in my head as I'm driving. I also really enjoy driving fast.I think most INTJs find themselves to be in Ravenclaw over Slytherin although I do think that Slytherin is the second most common house for INTJs.

I can't speak much for the other types but I think this chart looks correct for the most part if they're associating how common it is for people of each type to be a part of a certain house.That would make sense as well I think. I think both ways of categorizing the types worked well in this chart, although you are probably right that this was made based off of stereotypes.No, they probably didn't make a survey about the houses and mbti types but there's so many posts online that talk about these correlations that you can begin to see patterns. I've just personally seen an overwhelming majority of intjs associate themselves with ravenclawYeah, it doesn't happen often but today I didn't eat anything until around 4pm because I forgotI think you are INTJ. You seem Te/Fi to me.1. Pursuing my goals and achieving success, and achieving full understanding of a topic or concept

2. Failure

3. People who are ignorant and refuse to look at things from different perspectives. Also when I can't understand something

4. People who lie all the time and are not honest with others

5. FailureThe MBTI was really close. I figured my answers seemed very Te but I had a hard time answering them any other way.

As for the enneagram, I usually do not get type 3. I am not even sure if it is usually one of my top types.ENFJ is further. I didn't mean that I don't have Te in my stack, just that it is not my dominant function.

I've looked into 3 and it does relate quite well. I just took another enneagram test however and the type I usually get as my first choice was my first choice again, although types 1 and 3 both tied for second and were not close behind.I could also add on to my answers. I'll admit that I did them in a rush so they may not really paint the full picture you're looking for.1. I derive joy from achieving success because it means I set out to accomplish a goal and I became satisfied with the final result. It's the best way for me to prove my worth and to show what I am capable of accomplishing. I also get joy from achieving a full understanding of a topic because of how much I value intelligence and because I have a strong need to understand everything inside and out.

2. Failure makes me sad because it means I set out to accomplish a goal, put all my time and effort into achieving this goal, and the outcome was less than satisfactory.

3. I get angry from people who are ignorant and refuse to look at things from different perspectives because I think that everyone should be open to new ideas and look to try to improve themselves, rather than always thinking they are right. I also get upset when I can't understand something because most things I hear, I understand right away, so if something that does not click for me immediately, I get frustrated. Additionally, I get slightly angry when people do things that go against certain values (such as not being authentic).

4. People who lie all the time disgust me because I personally value authenticity very strongly and I feel the world would work better if everyone was just straightforward and honest with each other. If someone lies to me and says I did a good job on something that I did a poor job on, how can I improve myself?

5. I fear failing because if I fail to accomplish my goals, then it makes me feel worthless and that I'm not good enough.No your first answer is still the closest. I'm INTJ.

I've looked more into type 3 and I do think it is possible. Although I like going out and achieving success, I definitely don't feel the need to. Like I'd much rather spend time inside playing video games or something. I don't know, I still might be understanding it wrong.INFPI would agree with the people saying ISTP. INTJ would be my second guess but there's too much Se and no Fi for me to say INTJI found the last question in particular to be the hardest. I believe it was asking you what your inferior function is but I think for many people, it was way too easy to relate to several of those answers.It really comes down to how you would define success. I think by society's definition of success, ENTJs are more successful since they are usually found in positions in power and make more money than INTJs. However, each individual has their own definition of success, and like you said, INTJs are successful in their own ways like self-fulfillment. So the answer really depends on how you wish to define "success."I got INFP the first time I took that test as well lol.I think case 4 is talking about someone struggling to understand a concept and making them irritated.

I'm not sure how function related it is though because I think almost anyone can get irritated from not understanding a concept. I know I always feel the need to understand everything fully because of my Ni but I don't think this is limited to just Ni.I would agree with them on the first 3INTJ: Computer Whiz, Genius, Clumsy, Shy, Night OwlBoth Nigahiga and Markiplier seem like ENFPs to me.Possibly but I think that a lot of ENxPs are known as the most introverted of the extroverts. He seems extremely outgoing in a lot of the videos I've seen and much more Ne than Fi in my opinion.I don't watch much Markiplier but I watched some of his "I Feel Lost" video yesterday and I couldn't help thinking that he was such an ENFP. So much Ne and Fi.1. 18 Male

2. I think I am INTJ. I am not very random and don't usually go off on tangents while speaking like NP's and I don't have a keen eye for certain details like SJ's. I say a lot while talking very little which I think attributed more to the Ni/Se axis. Very direct communication. Ni over Se because I don't care much about the finer things in life, I am not very impulsive and I don't like the thrill of action all the time. Te/Fi because I have ideas of how I want things to be and I tend to want to impose these ideas onto systems in order to create a good, structured, organized environment. I can get very bossy when leading. Finally, I'm also a very clear introvert and I think that my Ni is probably stronger than my Te, although I don't have much evidence to support this other than the fact that I prefer to think about things in my head rather than always going out and getting stuff done.

3. Getting a 100% accurate MBTI type would fulfill my need to understand my thinking processes. Why do I think the way I think and how does it differ from other people? I can use it to my advantage when interacting with others so I know how my thought processes can either make people happy or turn them off.

4. Honestly, I don't know at the moment. Perhaps some rant about how I think our world is crap and how we need to start fixing it in order to create a better future for all of us. It would be hard to explain how we can make the world better in one minute though. I'd prefer to have much more time.

5. Some people don't understand why I like to keep myself all the time and why I don't like to go out and talk to people a lot. Additionally, when people ask me for my opinion, people tend to get mad at me for being mean when giving an honest answer. I understand that many people just want to lie and give the nice answer but I think you should almost always give the honest answer to let the person know what is wrong so that they can improve. If you don't tell them what is wrong, they may never find out what is wrong and they may never improve. I feel like it may be meaner to just lie just to be nice and not hurt their feelings. Additionally, people don't understand why I don't like talking a lot. A lot of the time, it is because I either prefer to listen and/or I don't have much to say.

6. Perhaps when I lose friends and when I fail are when I develop. Recently, I've been craving more personal, deeper connections with people ever since I started university. In the past, I was just fine with having a few close friends to just talk to every once in awhile. Additionally, since I am part Filipino, I have been to the Philippines a few times throughout my childhood and seeing the conditions there like a bunch of kids asking for money makes me realize how fortunate I am to be living in a first world country and that there is so many bad things in this world that I wish I could fix because I would never want to live in such conditions and I wouldn't want anyone close to me to live in those conditions either.

7. I am a computer science/math student who really enjoys problem solving. My biggest role models are people like Elon Musk and Bill Gates because they are both doing work that they love while simultaneously doing great things for humanity. Although I put my own personal pursuits of wanting to go into some sort of programming/software dev. job first, I'd like to do things that can also greatly benefit mankind as well.Mostly affiliativeINTJ NonchalantINTJ RavenclawISTP is my guessJust based on the fact that this is a huge wall of text with no paragraphing, I'm going to say you're probably not an XNTJ.

After reading your wall of text, I'm still not sure what type you are although I think I could make the case for XSTP.I think that this is too cluttered for most INTJs. It isn't impossible but it seems highly unlikely.That's an interesting case for Ti. I would have thought it was more of a Te-Fi thing where I have certain morals or standards and I'm trying to impose a system onto others.


I'm not convinced by your argument for Se. I said I would find a solution but I wouldn't necessarily fix it myself. Even if I did, I still don't see how that means Se. The car broke down which means the solution is most likely a hands on solution.


Also, looking back at my answers, I see I didn't answer the question about the picture properly. It asked for my impression but instead I treated it as a detective case where I was trying to find out more about the building. I'll add more to that answer down below onto what I have already written:


The reason I chose this picture was because it had a mysterious vibe to it. It was unlike all the other pictures to choose from which were mostly just pictures of sunsets and flowers and such. This one really caught my eye. It really makes me wonder about the truth behind why this building has become the way it currently is. What does the future hold in store? It clearly just looks wrecked but it hasn't been taken down yet which means this can still be turned into a new building. We can turn this into a school or something helpful. It is likely that this building was abandoned in the first place due to reasons such as war, natural disaster or drops in population. It is still possible to recreate a new building here that is better and stronger than the original. It kind of acts a symbol of strength in the way that it was beat down, but it is still standing which means there still lies the potential for it to become something much better.I'm a moron, although it doesn't matter that much I guess lol.

I made the post on mobile so I couldn't change flairs so I just used my second account lul.I'm still not convinced but I'll go with it for now. Both were in my top 3 most likely before I made this thread so it's not surprising to me.I think she's INFP.Brad seemed like a very clear cut ESTJ to meHe seems very Te-dom. The way he assigns roles to everyone before each challenge and likes to plan things out. He's very direct and comes off very blunt. This is what really pissed Debbie off I think, the way he just seemed to boss everyone around. I would attribute his feeling of others people pain to either his Fi or his Si. I think he's able to feel their pain because he has seen or experienced it himself. He also talks a lot about how he didn't realize how hard the experience was for his wife until he started getting far and experienced the pain. 

Yeah, he just seems like a Te-dom to me but I don't think he's ENTJ.Cirie is a pretty big mystery to me. I honestly have no clue what she might be. I think Zeke may be ENFJ.A slightly less intelligent version of Lelouch from Code GeassI preferred CC personallyTypes: 1. ILI.  2. LIE.  3. LII

Functions: 1. Ti.  2. Ni.  3. Te I can't death stare even if I tried. I have the least intimidating look on my face whenever I zone out into my Ni glare.I agreed with the DA in that it is much easier to just ban all phones since it's the most obvious and easiest to implement solution. However, I personally would try to put more effort into trying to implement a system that only punishes those who deserve it.I think one obvious idea is to simply take away the phones from students when catching them. I'm assuming at one point or another, a student was caught using their phone for a bad purpose which is why this rule was put in place. However, this solution also assumes you are okay with risking yourself being recorded in order to catch students in the act (which I am personally fine with since I find this rule quite ridiculous in the first place). If there's a rule saying that students are not allowed to record videos on school property, I think many teachers have the common sense to know which students are most likely to do this. I'm guessing most students are probably just using them to record each other doing stupid stuff that probably also break other school rules. This makes me think the school believes that by taking phones away would cause the number of school rules being broken to decrease (which could be true). I think using this system, you are only punishing those who you know with 100% certainty is breaking the rule. Additionally, this could dissuade other students from doing the same. I can't really think of many other ideas right now. I suppose if you are really ambitious, you could implement some sort of reward system that rewards students who snitch out those with recordings although I don't know how well this would work because the student would have to provide proof or perhaps maybe just some solid evidence. I don't think I would implement this reward system myself though. It's hard to say how effective this whole system would be without actually testing it out though.XNFPDefinitely not in the way the INTPs that I know do. They can get annoying and don't know how to shut up lolI only watched the beginning but I would agree. It's a more focused ramble&gt;Pacing helps Se types think, supposedly.

This is a thing? Could this explain why I always want to walk when I have assignments and projects on my mind? Is this for Se in general or only high Se types?Are these really Se-inf things? I do them too and I thought I was just being lazy lol&gt;I'm not sure why people think just because functions differ, the types share no traits externally. In order to know the differences and find them in actual subjects, you have to understand the motivations and reasoning behind their behaviors. Sharing letters is often enough to share some similarities.

This so much. It can sometimes be really easy to tell if someone is an ENFx but hard to tell if they are ENFJ and ENFP despite sharing none of the same valued functions. I honestly don't think using things like temperaments and dichotomies to type someone is all that bad. You can be a really obvious NF but hard to tell if Ni-Fe or Fi-Ne.I think I see what you mean. It might just be not caring enough to put in the effort to do these elaborate things when you know there are less physically demanding alternatives out there. A nice cooked meal would be nice but you don't care enough about eating a really tasty meal to go through all the effort to make it when you know just having this mediocre food that you don't have to make will satisfy you. I think an Si-dom might care a lot more about what they eat so they are willing to put in all that effort to cook a nice meal so they can avoid that canned food that won't satisfy them. 

I might be wrong though. That's kind of the way I feel about these things but I also don't know my type so I could be completely off.Even unvalued Fe- types like INFP and INTJ?Ohhh I see. Is that how most of the +/- functions work? With the + function you strive for the positive aspects of the function but with the - function the emphasis is on avoiding the negative?I really enjoyed reading your answers. Clear ENTJ I'm not too good at knowing what Ni answers are supposed to look like but I saw a lot of Se answers which would imply Ni. Also, I think your writing style comes off as more Se/Ni than Ne/Si. Very direct.[lol](https://imgur.com/HaNvaC4)whyWhy grassNo clue. I'm also the one you typed as ISTJ in the video from about a week ago lolWhy do you think I'm a fire type Beyonce?This was the best possible answer you could've given. Thank you! :DIf you had to choose one of those four, which would it be?Clockwise at first. I find it's easiest to make it change direction by speeding the video up and watching it like that for a little while first.WhatSeems like INFP to me[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/515pqs/introduction_to_the_dcnh_subtype_system/)  and [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/5u72er/a_brief_rundown_of_subtypes/) might be interesting to you. There are also other links talking about the same system that you can search online. It tries to explain why people of the same type can come off very different. For me, I'm INFP Dominant subtype that fixates on Te more than most INFPs and can cause me to look more ENTJish.

EDIT: I fixate on Te more, not use it more. Ni and Fi would be the two functions I use more.
Perhaps if you take the time to practice typing people, you will get better at it and eventually build an intuition for typing people with ease. It might be better to try it on celebrities so that you can try to confirm your typings with others online.I probably should have thought about this more but I'll just guess 5 and 5. Maybe my answers will change later once I've had more time to think about itI was actually going to comment something similar to this but then I saw your comment. You beat me to it lol20 min work and 40 min break?INxPs tend to be pretty bad liars in my experience. You can usually read our emotions easilyWhat's your type?Interesting. How often do you lie though? I think it's uncommon to find INTPs lying. Ti is obsessed with truthI think that sounds about right for an NTP 

EDIT: I'm the same too actuallyIf we move under the assumption that INxPs are bad liars, then there's a few reasons that could explain you claiming to being good at lying:

1. You've trained yourself to be good at lying

2. You think you're good at lying but you're actually not 

3. You're not an INTP

That being said, INTPs don't typically lie too often but I'm pretty sure people can easily tell when an INTP is happy, sad etc. which is why I speculate that INTPs are bad liars.

I'm not sure about being good at catching liars although I think I'm good at this too.
Yeah I'm the same way about catching people lying. I find that I can spot holes and contradictions pretty easily. I also constantly question people to make sure everything adds up. I'm not really sure about emotional lies. I might have to think about that more. Maybe I'm good at it? I feel like Fe would be good at it but I'm not sure.ggHe's not saying bad things about socionics, just that the certain website he's talking about gives poor descriptions of quadras and Model A&gt;Exercise. I know, I know, you're IxxP. But it will make you feel better and be healthier, one of the core tenets of Si HA.

I did some push-ups over the summer. Does that count? lolENTJ?queenit is not sarcastic lolYay **1a) What are two important strengths of yours?**

One of my biggest strengths is my perfectionism which is what allows me to get precisely what I want. Another important strength of mine is my idealism which allows me to envision and strive for unthinkable things.

**1b) What are two important weaknesses of yours?**

I think perfectionism is also one of my biggest weaknesses because I have a tendency to want to take control of everything. Another one of my important weaknesses is that I prefer to be passive or inactive when I should be doing something.

**2a) In general, what do you consider to be fun?**

What I consider to be fun ranges greatly from going out and partying with friends, to watching random videos on the internet, to simply sitting in my room daydreaming about all kinds of things.

**2b) What are your specific hobbies or interests?**

Listening to music, reading, coding, talking with friends, playing games

**2c) Out of those, choose the one you are currently most interested in. Why do you enjoy this hobby or interest?**

Perhaps the one that interests me the most right now is listening to music. During a time where I have to start preparing for final exams, music is perfect for studying, getting pumped up, and simply relaxing.

**3a) What's your ultimate goal in life?**

I would like high social status. To have my biggest dreams and fantasies come true. To have people associate me with greatness.

**3b) Do you think there's a point to life? If so, what is it?**

The point to life is whatever you wish it to be. To accomplish what you wish to accomplish.

**4a) How are you planning on fulfill the goal mentioned in #3?**

Not too sure. I'm currently studying computer science so hopefully I'll be able to work my way up to the top somehow.

**4b) If not already mentioned, how would academics and career fit into your approach or plan in #3a?**

I think I already mentioned. I'll just add that I think it's a decent start for me since it's pretty high paying.

**4c) If not already mentioned, how would relationships and your social life fit into your approach or plan in #3a?**

Not sure. I don't really think it's really necessary to achieve that goal in 3a. I establish relationships simply because that's what I deeply want.

**5a) Do you have strong opinions on politics? If so, what are they?**

Not really. There are certain issues I may have strong opinions on but I don't feel too strongly about most things I think. I don't really associate myself with a party either.

**5b) What's the rationale behind those opinions?**

It honestly depends on the issue. It could be: what produces the best results, what will serve the people greatly, what will be helpful long-term, what is morally right, etc.Wait, what am I worthy of?&gt;First, I’m not comfortable wii just FEELING something is right, I new more logic than that.

I don't see why an Fi-dom can't be the same. I like making decisions using logic. Also, based on the rest of your comment, I doubt this statement is even true for you. You're making an argument as to why you're not Fi-dom, yet none of your points are able to come close to deducing that you're not an Fi-dom. In fact, I would argue that your points make a strong case for Fi-dom.

&gt;Second, I put more priority on the good for everyone than in my own, I feel a duty to them.

Again, I don't see how this can't be Fi.

&gt;Third, all the values I have come to love I have learned them from outside forces, I adhere to the values that we share, and Fi may feel “boxed in” by me because I’m quite pushy in that way, I value the values we all humans share, instead of the individuals values each of us comes up with.

Again, I don't see how this can't be Fi.

Perhaps you need better sources or actually understand Fi first before you come to these conclusions.I probably have an easier time talking about Fi.

Fi agenda is about identity, power, faithfulness, morality, etc.

Fe agenda is more about wanting to be lovedNot from what I just read. You seem very keen on doing good for everyone, as if you have already have that power. Very common for Fi-doms. Also, you definitely care way too much identity. You've made so many of these posts regarding your type.Then you're probably high Fi. You seem to want to impose your values onto others without having any power because you already feel powerful inside.Because everything in that comment is so internalized.

"I feel a duty to them"

"I adhere to the values that we share"

"I value the values we all humans share"Not sure because I'm Fi-dom which means I have ignoring Fe. Maybe something like "everyone must be kept happy" idk. I'm not a good source for information on Fe, but everything you say seems really Fi to me and it appears almost everyone else who comments on your posts seem to agree.You would be ISFP. Idk if you are though, I think you're probably Fi-dom based off of what I've read but I haven't read enough to tell if you're INFP or ISFP. INFPs have 4D Ni, so it's as strong as the Ni of INTJ and INFJ but INFPs just don't value Ni. It's better if you make a type-me video and you can post it on r/JungianTypology, it's possible you could be something completely different.&gt;I just feel like typology could be so much more expansive and in-depth if we scrapped the "functions" and instead focused on say, I, S, F, J, IS, IF, IJ, IFJ, SF, SJ, FJ, SFJ, ISF, ISFJ and all the combinations i.e I + SF, I + SJ etc etc there's wayyyyyyy more depth to explore here.

This is known as [Reinin Dichotomies](http://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Reinin_dichotomies)

EDIT:

&gt;It makes no sense that an ISTP and an ISTJ would be "nothing alike" due to sharing no functions in common.

ISTJ and ISTP would both have 4D Si and Ti, 3D Se and Te, 2D Fi and Ni, 1D Fe and Ne. The difference is which functions they valueWhich part? Seems fairly straightforward to mejust b urselfYeah, I've always seen the inferior function as something that we lust afterENTPs crave sort of a normal, comfortable life (Inferior Si). INTJs crave social status (Inferior Se)That is interesting. Not too sure about your type though. But I think the main reason it's this way is because it's our weakest valued function which is why we crave it.

I should also add that the other functions kind of play a role too. Although INTJs and INFJs both have inferior Se and crave status, the kind of status that they crave is differentI can't speak much for the mental fascination and creature comfort part but INTJs care a lot about status. You can see it in all INTJs. Take Mark Zuckerberg for example. The dude literally invented Facebook because he wanted to be popularYou believe him?

This is just one example. I've seen the status seeking thing in all INTJs. Notice the way they decide to show themselves off in the way that they talk, the clothes they wear, etc.&gt;INTJs can dress meticulously, but as a group we tend to prefer non-flashy colors

This isn't really true in my experience. Maybe not colours as much but I definitely see quite a few INTJs putting large emphasis on their image.

&gt;Calling INTJs status seekers is some serious misinformation.

How did you come to this conclusion?

I'd also like to point out that Zuckerberg also did [this](http://www.businessinsider.com/embarrassing-and-damaging-zuckerberg-ims-confirmed-by-zuckerberg-the-new-yorker-2010-9) so I don't really know what you mean when you say you understand him. This speaks more to his clear motivations for creating Facebook than that quote you just posted.

You can just look at some famous INTJs both real (Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk) and fictional (Lelouch from Code Geass, Walter White from Breaking Bad, maybe Gatsby from Great Gatsby) and it's clear they seek status. It should make sense in theory too since they have tertiary Fi and inferior Se: they want people to look up to them and associate their name with greatness.

I don't really have anything else to add to this conversation nor do I want to spend anymore time talking about this. Feel free to reply but don't expect any more responses from melolYes. You don't think so?They're included but there are others. Those are the ones I listed since they are well known and those were the ones I thought of when I wrote it. But if you look at INTJs, you should be able to see the trend that they all seek some sort of status where people respect them and look up to them. Those were just a few examplesok&gt;lol&gt;i gtg go to school i'll add Te and Ti when I get back

I'll miss uThat person is talking about the Alpha Quadra, not the widely known interpretation of the word "alpha" outside of typology lolAll the ExxP types were 55% match.

All the IxxP and ExxJ types were 50% match.

All the IxxJ types were 45% match except for INFJ for some reason which was 43.59%ISFP is my guessIn Socionics, INFP and ISFJ have a Benefit relation which is a pretty common mistype. I find it's more common to mistype people in this specific Benefit relation than others. It's pretty easy to mistype someone who's really an ISFJ as an INFP and it's also easy for ISFJs to mistype themselves as INFPs.ENxPs probably. Most mistype themselves as something else would be my guessInteresting. I was actually thinking Delta types would be most interested in this kind of thing which would kind of match with what you're saying. I think it has to do with our valued functions and intertype relations in particularIdk, I personally can't stand having so many tabs open at once.I'm not sure that I can relate. I generally close tabs as soon as I'm done using them. The only time I might have a lot is when doing a research project but even then I usually keep it under 10 tabs open at once.Oh I usually just bookmark them if that's the case. Or maybe I will have it open but in another window just because I don't like looking at the top of my screen and seeing a million tabs lolI was wondering about which types would do it the most too. I think high Se users are probably also very prone to thisI usually close each previous tab as I open a new oneclastrevio's sonjajajabamboozledINTJ perhapsI feel like INTPs really shouldn't be known for programming. A lot of the ones I know aren't all that interested in programmingYes, she's definitely ESTJ. I think Rowling, who is an INFP, wrote her like that because that's how she wanted to be when she was in school (INFP-ESTJ dualization).&gt;This is what happens when functions overtake common sense.

I don't know what kind of of Te-doms you've met but they're usually not very "extroverted" (and I'm assuming you're talking about social extraversion/introversion when you call her "very introverted").Yeah, I think she said that about Hermione being like her.

Another interesting part about the book that matches with Rowling INFP (Delta) is that Slytherin represented everything Rowling didn't like about the Beta Quadra.ISTP. I think his inferior Fe is apparent in his weird attempts to make viewers feel welcome in some of his videos.Maybe ENFPShort answer is just that he seems ENFP to me, if that makes sense. But even looking at the quotes you posted, I can see Ne supervising Fi.She's ISTJ&gt;To find your second best match, let the last letter be the same as your type, switch out both the middle letters, and the first letter can be either. (for example, if you're an INFP your second best match is ESTP and ISTP)

There is no way that this is true. It also doesn't make sense that our 4 most compatible types would be the 4 types who value none of the same functions as us.I think most people do use their inferior function a lot. We just make a lot of mistakes with it, but as we accumulate experience, we start making less and less mistakes.

A good example is probably with ITPs with inferior Fe. They try to crack jokes so that other people will laugh, validating them, but young ITPs will often make unfunny or offensive jokes, or just deliver them poorly. As they gain more experience using the function, they begin to learn proper ways of doing so and may not even resemble what many people may think of as an inferior function.INFP 5 seems pretty normal to me. I know there's a supposed correlation between enneagram 5 and Ti (IxTx) but tbh a lot of the enneagram 5 descriptions sound like polr Se to me.Okabe ENTP

Kurisu ISTJInferior function is high-energy but low-information so they do a lot but not well. The vulnerable function is something we are unable to listen to or consume.

Let's take Fe for example. ITPs with inferior Fe use Fe a lot but make a lot of mistakes. ITJs with vulnerable Fe are oblivious to Fe.

ln addition, we are unable to produce our tertiary. Also, our ignoring function is low-energy but high information so we can do it well but we often do nothing. So in the case of Fe, ETPs are completely unable to produce Fe while IFPs are probably the closest to a lack of Fe since they can do it well but choose not to.

You can apply this to any function, not just Fe I never really saw her as a INTJ tbh. She's a very typical ISTJ girl. I don't remember too much from the anime but I think I did notice what I think could be a lack of Ni. I like to associate Ni with this sort of understanding human nature, and kind of knowing who you are at the core. Most NJs seem to be good at this. There was a moment in the anime where Kurisu showed she wasn't too good at this. I don't remember the specifics but I think she told Okarin that she would definitely say or do something when Okarin went back in time, and when he finally did go back in time, she did not do what she said she would. Compare this to someone like Light Yagami (ENTJ) from Death Note whose whole plan where he lost his memories revolved around knowing what kind of person he really is deep down and of course it succeeded.

I suppose there's also the lack of Se from Kurisu which would be unusual for an INxJ but exactly what you should expect from an ISxJ&gt;What about when she dismissed her memories of romance with Okabe because it didn't happen in the timeline that she remembered? That sounds like she was pretty sure of her self. She acknowledges the memories there but refuses to act on them.

Do you remember what episode this is from? I don't remember this so I'd need to see it again to comment on it.

&gt;I think what your getting at is her ability to predict future outcomes

No. I'm trying to say that INTJs usually know themselves really well whereas ISTJs don't and I don't think Kurisu knows herself really well deep down. It would be hard to comment on predicting future outcomes since ISTJs can easily get good at that since they have role Ni.

&gt;hat the best example be when she told Okabe she'd only believe him if he talked about her fork and how complimenting her ego would help believe him?

I think this may have been the example I was referring to in my previous comment.

&gt;I think the inferior Se really shows up in her hesitancy to act on things without being prepared. Okabe confesses and she freezes up and it isn't until she does something semi-impulsive that she enjoys it.

This isn't inferior Se. This is an IxxJ thing. Leading with a Pi function, they struggle to do things. Try asking an ISFJ want they want for dinner and you'll probably get it by next year (hopefully). If we want to talk about inferior Se vs ignoring Se in this area, INJs like when people force them to do things whereas ISJs actively oppose it.

&gt;Okabe confesses and she freezes up and it isn't until she does something semi-impulsive that she enjoys it.

Yes you are correct. This is why IJs like EPs in general because IJs struggle to do things on their own and EPs help them do things because they're always doing things.I got ISFP. My Fe score is abysmal.

Fi&gt;Ti&gt;Si&gt;Ni=Ne&gt;Te=Se&gt;FeI'm not sure why people always type Izuku as INFJ. He is an obvious INFP. Same with Bakugo, he is an obvious ESTP.

I think Uraraka is some sort of xSFJ.

I think All Might is ESFP.

Todoroki is a clear ISFP.

Momo took me awhile to type but I think I've settled on ESTJ for her. She gives me Hermione vibes.

I agree on ISTP for Aizawa.

I can see ISFP for Aoyama but I think I lean towards ESFP.

As for the rest on your list, I'm not sure what their types are. I hadn't considered ENTP for Mineta before but it may actually make sense. I think I may have typed him as ISTP before for some reason. Idk for Kaminari. Idk what Tokoyami is but I don't think he's INTJ. Idk what Tsuyu is and I don't think she's INFP. Idk what Kirishima is.

You also didn't put Iida for some reason lol. He's a clear ETJ, but I'm not sure which. I think I'm leaning towards ENTJ for him.Exactly&gt;First of all, Bakugou is NOT ESTP. He has ZERO Fe whatsoever

So basically your argument for him not being ESTP is actually an argument for ESTP. 

&gt;His reliance on Te is blatant

Another good argument for ESTP

&gt;Todoroki is blatantly an INTJ in a previous Ni-Fi loop.

Loops don't exist. I've never seen the loops manifest in reality and the only sources that talk about this are those dumb tumblr websites.

&gt;He is not Fi dominant because he agreed to work with his father despite his desire to avoid him.

I don't understand how this disproves Fi-dom. I would've done the exact same thing if I were in his position.Exactly.

&gt; INFPs jump at the chance of self sacrifice if it benefits another person.

Yes, I don't know how people miss this. Caring about survival is an Fe thing. Being an Fi-dom, Izuku has no problem giving himself up (and even about to accept death in the episode with Kota) as long as he saves others.
&gt;Just because you haven't seen loops doesn't mean you should discredit them.

Typology is used to model reality. If loops don't exist in reality, then they shouldn't exist in the model. I don't understand your reasoning here. Anyways, like I said, the only sources that talk about loops are those tumblr websites so there's no reason they should even be a thing.

&gt;If Todoroki is ISFP, where is his inferior Te?

You literally answered your own question when you said this:

&gt;Then, he uses Te properly to ground his goal in reality by choosing Endeavor for workplace.

This isn't inferior Se:

&gt;The only inferior function i see is Se, when Stain notes that, although he's powerful, his over reliance on his quirk make him a careless fighter, and his reckless action of freezing the stadium after confronting Endeavor in the hallway.

This is ego Se. Please tell me more about how INxJs are reckless and rely on overpowering and how it's not SPs. This should be obvious.

&gt;I'm not sure I understand how overeliance on Te makes ESTP.

ESTPs have 4D demonstrative Te. It's something they think about a lot and use a lot, although they don't value it.

&gt;I think it's pretty clear his Fi is inferior when he fights Midoriya to get out his feelings because he can't control it. Would someone with tertiary Fe really do that?

Except this is both his pride and his Se. Se deals with status, which is obviously what Bakugou wants. He strives to be at the top, to be the best of the best, and he is frustrated because Midoriya, who he thought was way weaker than him, starts to beat him.

Ignoring Ti also wouldn't make sense for Bakugou since he spends a lot of time figuring things out (the anime made it very clear to us so that we know he's smart). Ignoring function is low energy, they very rarely take the time to do this kind of thing. It's also clearly supervised Ti and not dom Ti because he's very irrational and impulsive. (ESTPs are literally an irrational type being a Perceiving dom whereas ENTJ is rational for being a Judging dom)&gt;But your only evidence to say that loops don't exist is your own lack of personal experience. His point still stands.

How does his point still stand? I could make up my own random concept and we'd still have to argue it?? Loops is literally a concept someone just made up and posted on tumblr. This makes no sense. I don't see anyone working in this field talking about loops.

&gt;No, what he pointed out was aux Te, not inferior. Inferior Te is not enough developed to keep IXFPs enough groundly in reality, this the role of the auxiliary function.

Then perhaps you should meet some IFPs. It's a perfect description of inferior Te. And unlike IxTJs, IxFPs don't use Te to feed Ni or Si. They use Te for the sake of Te like ETJs. If what you're saying is true, then we would be typing all IFPs as xxTJs.

&gt;Yes, INXJs can be reckless, mainly under stress. Todoroki WAS under stress by talking to his father, which fits inferior Se perfectly.

Literally any type can be reckless. Are you talking about grips now? Same thing as loops - doesn't exist and only source is tumblr. It's unfortunate we have to argue over such simple things like loops and grips and how they are not real. Didn't you learn how to decide what's considered a credible source in school? &gt;You recurring to such personal attacks instead of getting straight to the point. 

I skimmed through my comments. I don't see how I'm personally attacking anyone. You have your flair set to INTJ so I figured I could talk like this without you taking anything personally but I guess if you type Todoroki as INTJ too then...

&gt;"t-t-tumblr boogeyman is talking about loops and grips, t-therefore, they are the ones who created the whole theory!". You have zero proof about that statement.

Because I'm not saying that. I'm saying tumblr **isn't** a good source.

&gt;Also, there is a difference between being guillible and stay open to consider new sources of information.

Yes, but there's a reason people who work in the field don't talk about loops and grips. I'm not the only one who notices they don't exist.

&gt;Firstly because what you said about "Te feed Ni" is balderdash. Aux Te doesn't "feed" anything, Se feeds Ni with info, then Te applies using Fi as a filter, on INTJs case. 

I would suggest you read Model A and Model G (information and energy models). The tertiary activates the dominant which supervises the auxiliary.

&gt;"Literally any types can be reckless". Ergo, you disproved your previous point trying to dismiss the idea of Todoroki having inferior Se because he was reckless.

Yes, but the other user was the one who brought it up. I would never have used that recklessness as an argument for him being ISFP. I was simply trying to show the fact that it's not a good argument to use for proving inferior Se.

Anyways, if I hurt your feelings then sorry.I just read it recently and I'm quite positive Winston is INFP.I got INFJI'm glad to see this is the top comment here now. When I came here earlier and just saw everyone saying Fi, I couldn't believe my eyes. I don't live in the U.S. and it's quite clear that Fi is valued quite highly there, especially since it's an ESTJ country seeking inferior Fi. Just look at some of the movies from there and it should be clear. Hollywood is basically run by xxFPs. It's more obvious that the least valued function would be Ti along with a complete blindspot to Ni, which also aligns with the U.S. being an ESTJ country (ignoring Ti and polr Ni).One of my best friends is an INFJ. Communication is extremely easy here as it's easy to understand each other. I don't think I'd enjoy dating one very much though. Well for one, we don't value any of the same functions. I think it would be quite difficult dating anyone of the opposing quadra from your own. On top of that, INFJs have a lack of Te, which would be bad for our inferior Te. Plus INFPs lack Se so it would be bad for their inferior Se as well. I'm definitely happy just sticking to being friends with INFJs.:O How'd you type yourself then?

There's a lot of sources out there but it can be hard to find good ones. [This](http://wholesocionics.herokuapp.com/articles/5-IM-Element-Semantics) one is decent although not perfect. One thing I do like about this one over others is that it describes Te as efficacy and not efficiency. Ti is efficiency.
Do you sit in your chair like [this?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhoKwGdW7L0#t=08s) :PI'm under the impression all INxPs sit in their chair like this lolNo, he's 100% INFP.If you're considering that many different types, chances are that you're an Ne-domI'd stick with INFP but if I **had** to choose a different type, then I'd probably choose either ISTJ or ISFP since those are the two types that seem to be good at everything.I feel like having a kid that's the same type as me would probably be good for both me and the kid.I think you replied to the wrong comment lol&gt;This made me think (though I may just be poorly misinformed) that Japan as a whole seems like an ISFJ's dream (though with how inventive they are they could be ENTPs but that just makes my point weird doesn't it). 

Japan is ENTP so it looks like your assessment was accurateWhat would your first choice be?Hmmm not for me. ENFPs make great friends but I don't think a long-term relationship would be too good. I think I'd prefer ENTJ.xNFJsESTP&gt;His primary motive is purely ambition: he was born in a somewhat low position, and wants above all to better and more powerful than everyone else.

&gt;He's obsessed with glory and honor, going after medals and glorious victories in battle.

&gt;Hedonist because of his love for sex and excessive womanizing.

This is all Se and very Beta quadra.

&gt;As I said, he alternates between sweetness and rape/beatings with his mistresses (he has several) they mean nothing to him. He's not a racist, or a sexist. He doesn't see one kind of people as less than others, he just sees himself above everyone else, if that makes any sense.

&gt;Unpredictable because he has no morals or vision- he'll be your ally and then stab you in the back, switch sides in a war, and play people off each other just to further his favorite cause, himself.

No Fi, so polr Fi makes senseQ1: You and your friends are going on a road trip!
a. How you feeling?

I am feeling pretty excited. It feels great to finally let loose and go out with my friends.




b. What are you looking forward to, if anything?

I am just looking forward to having fun with my friends. I spend a lot of time on my own and in my own house so this should be a nice change.




c. What are you nervous or worried about, if anything?

I am not too nervous. I am probably not the one in charge of the road trip and I most likely wouldn't go with people who I wouldn't trust to be in charge of the road trip. Also, it would depend on where we are going and what we are going to do. If we are going to do something crazy that I have never done before like skydive or go bungee jumping, I am probably extremely nervous. My friends will probably be able to tell that I am nervous, despite all of my efforts to try and hide my nerves.




d. How do we prepare for this thing: what should we think about beforehand, and what should we leave to chance?
 
We should definitely plan every destination and every route to that destination. How are we going to get there? How long will it take to get there? How much will it cost? How long will we spend at each destination? I think every detail should be planned out in order to increase the amount of fun had as possible.




Q2: Your friend or sibling wants you to meet their new significant other! a. How do you feel about that, and why? 

I'm more excited to just find out who their significant other is than I am in meeting them. Of course I am happy for them but I am also not a very great conversationalist so I will probably be very awkward.




b. What situation(s) would make you feel most comfortable, and what would make you feel most awkward? 

I think I would feel most comfortable if my friend or sibling stayed in the room and talked with us while I met their significant other. Additionally, if their partner is friendly and puts in the effort to try to talk to me and get to know me, that is probably great too! In contrast, the most awkward situation would be if my friend or sibling left me alone with their significant other and that person does not really seem interested in talking. Most of the time would probably be spent with the two of us sitting there awkwardly.




c. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally approve? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?

It might take me a little while to decide if I approve. If I do improve, I would immediately tell my friend/sibling. I would simply tell them that I like that person and that I think that person is a great match for them.




d. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally disapprove? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?

It would probably not take me long to decide if I disapprove. I can usually get a feel for a person on what they are like and what kind of person they are. I can usually tell if someone is up to something or if they are a bad person.To start off, I should say that I don't know most people's types for sure so most of what I am saying will be based off of what I have read online about certain types.

ISTJ: I respect these types simply for the fact that they work hard and that's something that I struggle with. They also seem pretty nerdy which is relatable. However, they also seem quite one dimensional in that I don't feel that there is much to them.
7/10

ISFJ: This type can get on my nerves quite a bit. They seem to be both stubborn and emotional. However, they can be very nice and sweet when you are on their good side.
5/10

INFJ: Two of my best friends are INFJs. One is super sweet, nice and friendly and is very much the artistic type. She is definitely someone I would trust with my life. The other one I used to think was an INTJ because she has a more serious demeanor and is a much more maths and sciences type of person. However, she is also very sweet and is someone I would trust with my life.
10/10

INTJ: This type is super smart. They really seem to have everything figured out. Despite the fact that they come off arrogant, I really do not think they are. They come off as very cold-hearted but I think that is because they are very logical thinkers. I truly think that many INTJs do not have bad intentions.
8/10

ISTP: These guys are some of the coolest people ever. Super laid back, relaxed, and easy to get along with. Definitely someone to go to when you just want to relax and have a good time.
9/10

ISFP: I actually don't really know much about this type. They seem really nice and caring but also very sensitive.
7/10

INFP: A very interesting type. They're honestly super nice and caring but also very sensitive just like the ISFP.
8/10

INTP: Definitely one of my favourite type to talk to. They're such nerds it is actually pretty funny and you can usually tell that they don't mean to do any harm.
10/10

ESTP: Super funny type. This is someone I would go to when I want to have a good laugh.
8/10

ESFP: This type is also super funny, but without the arrogance of the ESTP.
9/10

ENFP: This type is also one of my favourite types to talk to. It is never a boring conversation when talking to them and I don't have to worry about coming up with conversation topics to talk about. An absolute pleasure to be around.
10/10

ENTP: Along with the ENFP and INTP, this type is also one of my favourites to talk to. Non-stop ideas and can always have a good laugh when talking with them.
10/10

ESTJ: Probably my least favourite type. They seem to think they know everything and that they have the right to control everything but they just come off as super dumb and delusional. I know that isn't the case for all ESTJ's but that is how I feel about them for the most part.
1/10

ESFJ: This type is actually really nice to be around. Super nice and funny. However, they can also get on my nerves quite a bit for some reason.
7/10

ENFJ: Similar to ESFJ's but they don't get on my nerves nearly as much.
8/10

ENTJ: There is actually this one guy I know at school who is literally the stereotypical ENTJ. SUPER smart, but also SUPER arrogant. Unlike the ESTJ, this type actually seems to be tolerable.
8/10**Your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation. Up until this point you had both been talking about marriage and last week you even went to look at rings together. Now he/she won't even return your phone calls or texts. After talking with his/her family you find out that he/she has just been diagnosed with terminal stage 4 cancer.
Describe how this scenario would make you feel as well as what sort of influences and motivations lie behind those feelings. Why do you feel the way you do?
In this scenario what would you honestly say the primary focus of your feelings would be?**

I would feel absolutely devastated. Knowing that my significant other was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer is a tough pill to swallow. I would feel this way because I know there's a strong chance that I could lose the person I love. However, at the same time, it would let me know that she did not leave me because she lost feelings, but rather that she wanted to protect me. She did not want me to feel this devastation which is why she ended the relationship without telling me. It would give me the clarity that I was seeking and make me feel an indescribable feeling within me, knowing that she truly loves me and cares about me. I would want to spend as much time as possible with her, now knowing how she truly cares about me.


**You are in college and this semester both you and your roommate end up in the same class together. You and your roommate get along fairly well and the living situation works but you aren't particularly close. You both typically do your own thing and are rather indifferent to each other. As the semester progresses you excel and become one of the top students in the class whereas your roommate is struggling significantly to grasp the material. The professor assigns a fairly challenging take home test that is a significant portion of your grade. He/she makes it clear that while it is open book, students are to work alone. Later your roommate comes to you begging for help after struggling with the test most of the weekend. You have already completed the assignment and he/she isn't asking to copy your answers, just to help tutor and mentor them as they struggle to complete the test, so there is no way your professor would ever know. However, this is the first time your room-mate has asked you for help this semester. He/she makes it clear that how they do on this test could mean the difference between passing and failing this class.
How do you respond to your roommate’s request and why?
What sort of things in this scenario stand out to you as far as having a strong influence on your decision making and why?
Describe the flow of your decision making process.**

I would not help them. If I were to help them, it would only be with a small thing here or there. Despite the fact that I would probably not get caught, because of how amazingly sneaky I am, I would still be afraid that I may get caught helping my friend. I know that the professor would be quite suspicious that my friend suddenly gets a really good mark on a take home test, despite barely passing the class. Any smart professor would be able to notice that my friend got helped and I would probably be one of the first people to be blamed. I would feel kind of bad for my roommate because I wouldn't want to see him fail. However, I know that this would be a chance for me to bond with my roommate and that I'm throwing any hopes of us getting close out the window by not helping him. The thing that stands out to me is that the professor made it clear he wants everyone to work on the assignment alone, and it would just scare me to get caught. Also, the fact that my roommate and I are not close definitely makes it a lot easier to turn him down.


**Your boss calls you into his/her office in order to assign you to a new project. He/she gives you a choice between two.
Project 1 is a rather broad, expansive project covering multiple areas of company operations. It has the potential to have a very significant impact on company operations but it would require a collective effort and an extensive amount of group work where you would be logically thinking through the project together with the group of individuals your boss has also assigned to it.
Project 2 has a much more specific and narrow focus and would require a significant amount of in depth individual analysis to work through the problem. You would be working alone and the completion of the project may or may not have much impact on company operations. However, after complete the process and problem you were working on will be streamlined and fundamentally understood.
Which project appeals to you the most, as it relates to the way you prefer to logically process information? Why?
What sort of things in this scenario, across either project, stood out to you as having a strong influence on your decision? Why?**

I think I would like to work on Project 1, with the team. Although I am capable of working on my own, I think having people with me to help me when I get stuck on a problem, or to provide ideas, would be extremely helpful. Being able to work with people at the same intellectual level as me on a problem sounds very fun and exciting to me. Additionally, I would not feel under too much stress or pressure as I would be when working alone. Also, Project 1 has a significant impact on the company whereas Project 2 does not, which will make me feel much more satisfied and accomplished in the end.


**Your college professor has assigned you to a group project with 3 other individuals. All 3 of these individuals have a good strong work ethic and desire to contribute to the overall success of this project. You are at the first meeting of your group and the other members are tossing around valuable ideas as to the nature and direction of this project.
Describe your behavior in this situation as you process and think about the ideas they are presenting.
Describe what major influences drive this behavior.**

I would be very excited in this situation, as it is very rare to work in a group where everyone makes valuable contributions and puts in their fair share of work. At the same time, not all the ideas that are being thrown around will be good ones. I would feel obligated to turn down any bad ideas, or perhaps tweak them so that it better fits with what we are working with. I would also make sure I do my fair share of work and pitch ideas. I don't necessarily like to lead, but I am willing to do so if needed.


**It has been a very long week and you feel mentally and emotionally drained, but good news! It is Saturday and you have nothing significant that needs to be done. You FINALLY have some free time to yourself to recharge your batteries and do whatever you want.
Describe what sort of activities would help you to recharge. What would you enjoy doing after a long week and why?
What sort of things do you feel you draw non-physical energy from doing?**

I would play videos games, watch Netflix and listen to music all weekend. I definitely prefer to be alone to recharge as I find going out and being with people, although sometimes very fun and exciting, to be quite tiring and exhausting and tiring after a long time. Any time I can get to spend time alone is great. 


**You have a meeting with your college career counselor to discuss potential careers that interest you. He/she offers you a list of the following careers and asks you to pick your TOP 3. He/she asks you to take money out of the equation. Imagine all of these careers received equal compensation. Focus instead on where you would truly feel most happy and fulfilled.
Artist, Scientist, Actor, Engineer, Musician, Lawyer, Counselor, Entrepreneur, Teacher, Manager, Psychologist, Computer Programmer / Analyst, Clergy, Child Care, Medical Doctor
What were your top 3 choices and what aspects of these careers appeal to you?
Was it difficult or easy to pick only 3 and why?
Prioritize the aspects of your career choices that influenced your decision, what things mattered most to you, where do you imagine finding the most fulfillment and why?**

Computer programmer, engineer and medical doctor were the 3 careers that stood out most to me. I picked these 3 careers in under 10 seconds. Super easy choice (especially for computer programmer and engineer)! I love maths, science, technology, and anything that involves thinking and problem solving


**Click on the image below and pay close attention to the things that jump out to you, objects, thoughts, feelings, impressions, ideas etc. What do you see?
http://personalitycafe.com/attachments/whats-my-personality-type/295170d1427322074-short-effective-scenario-questionnaire-2-0-self-type-paintedcanyon1fb.jpg
Describe the main things that stand out to you in this picture.
Why do you think/feel you focused on those things?
Describe the strength with which this photo did or did not appeal to you and why?**

I notice that the rocky walls are very tall and that there appears to be some random green trees in the middle of the lake, along with some more worn down trees. It definitely makes me feel curious to see why those trees are there and if there is anything else there. Additionally, I would want to see what else is further down the lake. The photo did not appeal that much. It was mostly the green trees that made me curious. However, this photo did not invoke any strong feelings out of me.1.Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age, and current state of mind.

I am just a teenage male who wants to see what people think his type is. I know about the cognitive functions and I am curious to hear as to what cognitive functions you guys think I have.

2.Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it. https://www.flickr.com/photos/75857967@N08/26152000984/in/explore-2016-05-01/

This picture is just very cool and mysterious to me. It gives me this chilling feeling that makes me wonder about that building. What's in it? Why is there? Does anyone live there? Why was it built? Additionally, the liquid does not really seem much like water, so I'm curious as to what it really is. The rocks also look very unique. I wonder where this place is, if it is a real place.

3.You are with a group of people in a car, heading to a different town to see your favourite band/artist/musician. Suddenly, the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere. What are your initial thoughts? What are your outward reactions?

I would be quite calm. Panicking wouldn't do us any good. The goal is to get to the concert somehow, so we have options. First, we need to see if we can get the car fixed somehow. I don't know much about cars myself but there may be someone in the group who does. If that doesn't work, we call for someone who maybe does, or perhaps look it up on the Internet, to try to determine what is wrong with the car to help us fix it. If we still cannot manage to get the car fixed ourselves, we will have to go to our last resort and have someone pick us up. Whether or not we will still go to the concert is up to whether or not the people I am with are still in the mood for it.

4.You somehow make it to the concert. The driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced (and assure you they won't drink so they can drive back later). How do you feel about this party? What do you do?

I am not a big fan of parties and I don't really go to any parties at all but I'll probably go to this one because my friends are and it can help me become more social. Plus, I could meet some people that I may actually like and become good friends with, although I highly doubt I will. I would make sure to be prepared to have a backup ride in case the driver breaks their promise and drinks a lot at the party. I do not want to risk driving with an extremely drunk driver.

5.On the drive back, your friends are talking. A friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs. What is your inward reaction? What do you outwardly say?

My reaction depends a lot upon who the person is and what the belief is. If it is not a very strong belief of mine, I probably won't care too much and won't say anything. Perhaps the person can even convince me to change my mind. If it is a very strong belief, I think I would think they are very stupid or ignorant for thinking such a thing. If the person talking is not someone very close to me, I will probably keep my mouth shut. However, if it is someone quite close to me, I think I will be quite vocal on why they are wrong and why I am right. I will probably get quite heated in the argument too if they argue back.

6.What would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs, experiences, and habits?

Depending on the beliefs and the actual experience, what I would actually do could range from absolutely nothing to fighting against it.

7.What are some of your most important values? How did you come about determining them? How can they change?

It is important to me that I be successful. If I set goals, I want to achieve them by any means necessary. I want to feel fulfilled and satisfied. I determined this because I think everyone should aim to be happy in life, and success brings us happiness. This should not change. I think this should be an extremely important value for everyone.

8.a) What about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else? b) If you could change one thing about you personality, what would it be? Why?

My quiet and shy nature is what distinguishes me from most people. Most people know me as the kid who never talks. If I could change one thing about my personality, I think it would be that I would be less awkward and that I would have better social skills. Also, I don't think this is really a personality thing but I would also like to be better at sports and other practical things because those are the only things I could possibly be worse at than socializing.

9.How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most often triggered?

I have learned to trust my gut feeling because my gut can tell me there is something that I am not seeing. For example, I can find an answer on a test logically, and despite it seeming very logical, I know it is wrong because my I get a bad feeling. My gut is usually right. I can stare at a question on a test until an idea or answer pops up in my head, which is what I need to help me get closer to the solution. These gut feelings can be triggered when trying to plan something or when getting the answer to a problem, and having a feeling that something is wrong.

10.a) What activities energize you most? b) What activities drain you most? Why?

I spend a lot of time playing video games, listening to music, eating junk food, sleeping, watching YouTube videos and Netflix. I don't code very often but I enjoy it a lot and I am pretty good at it. Being with people for long periods of time drain me the most because I get bored easily and I just feel the need to do some of the things that I listed in the first part of this answer.

11.What do you repress about your outward behavior or internal thought process when around others? Why?

When I am around others, I just don't talk too much. When I do talk, I just enjoying getting deep into any kinds of topics that has some kind of depth, like video games, science etc. I don't enjoy small talk and I am pretty bad at it. I don't like it when people ask me who I have a crush on, and ask me about topics that I don't know much about. I don't enjoy talking to people much, unless they are friends of mine. When I am talking to people I am close with or I am comfortable with, I can talk at great lengths.**0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer these questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age, and current state of mind.**

There shouldn't be anything affecting the way I am answering these questions. I am a male, first-year math/cs university student.

**1. Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it. https://www.flickr.com/photos/iwonapodlasinska/22750996958/in/explore-2016-11-12/**

It is obviously Winter time with all the snow and winter attire the people are wearing. There is a young boy looking into the window of the building. Since it appears the boy is white, I think it is likely that this picture takes place in a first world country. If this is the case, it seems unlikely that the boy is looking into a window in search for food. I think it is likely that the boy found something inside the building that caught his eye. However, it is nighttime and this boy does look very young. Where are his parents? It does seem quite strange that the boy is just standing alone outside at night. Perhaps he is lost. It is hard to pinpoint exactly what story this picture is depicting without more details.

**2. You are with a group of people in a car, heading to a different town to see your favourite band/artist/musician. Suddenly, the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere. What are your initial thoughts? What are your outward reactions?**

Initially, I wonder if there is someone with us who knows much about cars and how to fix them. I personally do not know much about cars so I would not be much help in the process of actually fixing the car. If there is no one who can fix the car, I would probably take out my phone and start looking up our car's problem online. If I can't find the solution online, then I start thinking about who we can call so that they can help guide us through fixing the car. If none of these options work, our last ditch effort would be to call some car company to come help us. If it came down to this option, we would most likely miss most, if not all, of the concert. However, we have no other choice so there is no reason to panic. We must stay calm to fix this problem as efficiently as we can.

**3. You somehow make it to the concert. The driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced (and assure you they won't drink so they can drive back later). How do you feel about this party? What do you do?**

I think I would kind of want to go the party. I do not go to parties very often nor do I socialize very often so I think it would be good and healthy for me to go. Especially if my friends who I feel comfortable with are going. If I trust the driver not to drink, I would definitely go. Even if the driver ends up drinking, I would bring extra money just in case to pay for a cab or a bus.

**4. On the drive back, your friends are talking. A friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs. What is your inward reaction? What do you outwardly say?**

I am open to new things. I also understand that everyone has different opinions and beliefs that should be respected. If it has anything to do with religion, I am very likely just to stay quiet. However, if it has to do with politics, and an issue I feel very strongly about, I think I would speak out about it. Despite the fact that everyone has opinions that should be respected, I still feel like a lot of opinions are simply stupid and wrong. If I have the facts to back me up, I can be very vocal about why this person is wrong. I usually win arguments that I feel very strongly about and when it is about a field that I am very educated in. I am usually capable of making people feel very stupid about their opinions. However, if the person who made this bold claim that clashes with my beliefs is not very bright, I may not bother arguing with them. I find it extremely irritating and draining trying to talk some sense into dumb people. It ends up being a huge waste of time and energy and it usually ends up with me getting very agitated and emotional.

**5. What would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs, experiences, and habits?**

I am not quite sure what I would do. I guess it really depends on what is exactly happening and what is the belief. If it had to do with religion, I doubt I would do much. However, if I maybe saw someone treating someone else unfairly, I may step in to stop it. Whether or not I do this would depend on if I could actually do anything helpful and if I would also get very hurt myself or not.

**6. What are some of your most important values? How did you come about determining them? How can they change?**

I value happiness and success a lot. I think happiness is a product of success. Everyone has a different definition of success and that everyone's definition should be respected. However, if someone's definition of success involves hurting other people or treating others unfairly, then something should be done about this person. This is because I also strongly value equality. I believe in treating others fairly and that no person should be hurt in order for someone else to be successful.

**7. a) What about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else? b) If you could change one thing about you personality, what would it be? Why?**

I am most known for being very quiet and smart. I think a lot of people are usually surprised when I do start talking a lot. This usually happens when I am with my friends who I am close with. I usually exert a lot of confidence when I give out presentations in class. Additionally, a lot of people describe me as very funny. I am very goofy and can act quite immature a lot of the time. I have a sarcastic sense of humour. I also laugh and smile a lot so it is usually very easy for people to approach me. I think people enjoy spending time with me because of the happy aura my presence usually brings. If I could change one thing about my personality, I wish I could be more social. I think if I was more social, I could make friends a lot easier and I wouldn't have such a difficult time in the real world.

**8. How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most often triggered?**

I usually trust my hunches and gut feelings. If I am solving a math problem and something just doesn't seem right, I would start thinking about it a lot in order to find out where I went wrong. If I am stuck on a math problem, I could be occupied with something else or I could be sleeping and all of a sudden the solution pops up in my head. Additionally, I can usually tell what kind of person someone is and whether or not the decision I am making is a good one or not. When I start getting these weird hunches, I begin to reevaluate what I am doing to decide whether or not what I am doing is right.

**9. a) What activities energize you most? b) What activities drain you most? Why?**

I enjoy listening to music, sleeping, watching Youtube videos, playing Dota 2, watching TV shows and movies and browsing reddit and the Internet. The activities that drain me the most are being in large groups. I love being with friends who I am very close with because I can talk and socialize a lot and it makes me feel good. However, when I am in large groups, I always feel like I do not fit in for some reason. They may be talking about a topic I am not interested in, or there are people present who I do not feel comfortable talking about certain things with. Perhaps it is also because I rarely get the chance to talk, although I do also feel uncomfortable sometimes when I am forced to talk in large groups when I do not want to. I spend a lot of time thinking and daydreaming when I am in large groups.

**10. What do you repress about your outward behavior or internal thought process when around others? Why?**

I do not talk a lot about my personal life when I am with others. I have had 2 close friends throughout high school who have only recently found out that I was mixed. I thought they knew all this time but it turns out that I had never told them. Additionally, I usually have a lot of good things to say about a lot of people but I usually do not have the confidence to tell them face-to-face that I think they are great. Also, I like to move around a lot when I am listening to music alone but I do not do this when around others.**0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age, and current state of mind.**

18 Male


**1. Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it.**

https://www.flickr.com/photos/113231763@N07/35839663166/in/explore-2017-07-12/

My first impression of this picture was that of a storm approaching. The sole, dying tree helps symbolize a weak or dying person ready to take on a new obstacle. I really find this quite motivating to help you take on any hardships you go through on your own. I also found that you could also interpret this picture as a symbolic victory if you envision the clouds moving away from the tree rather than towards it and that the reason that the tree is weak and dying is because of all the damage done to it. This is quite motivating as well. It's interesting that this picture can show both the before and after of taking on an obstacle on your own from my eyes but another person may see something completely different.


**2. You are with a group of people in a car, heading to a different town to see your favourite band/artist/musician. Suddenly, the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere. What are your initial thoughts? What are your outward reactions?**

I don't really know much about cars so I will probably just pull out my phone and look for ideas and solutions online.


**3. You somehow make it to the concert. The driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced (and assure you they won't drink so they can drive back later). How do you feel about this party? What do you do?**

If I am with friends then I am willing to go despite the fact that I'm not much of a party person. I think it is important that I go out and try to socialize once in a while because I can meet some new people that could end up being very important in my life or I could experience and/or see things that I can learn from. I'm not too concerned about the driver drinking because I can always get a taxi ride home as long as I have the money and there's a pretty good chance that I'll just get bored and leave halfway through the party on my own anyways.


**4. On the drive back, your friends are talking. A friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs. What is your inward reaction? What do you outwardly say?**

I guess it depends on if I think the person is a little misinformed or is misjudging the situation. For example, if someone says feminism sucks or something along those lines, I would say that feminism is very important by its core definition and we should adhere to that rather than saying it is bad simply because a lot of women try to use it as some sort of crutch. There are times when there is no amount of convincing and evidence that I can use to get someone to change their beliefs so I try to stay composed and not lose my cool if someone can't see why I am right. Plus there's also a chance that I could be wrong and they could actually convince me to change beliefs.


**5. What would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs, experiences, and habits?**

I guess it depends on the belief and how strongly I hold it but there are times where I will upright confront the person about it.


**6. What are some of your most important values? How did you come about determining them? How can they change?**

I really value intelligence in myself because it is something that I have relied on quite heavily to get through life. I think I've always been able to see things differently than other people my age. For example, people usually complain about hard physics is and how they can't understand it and end up failing as a result. I usually just look at physics as just puzzles where you just plug in formulas to find each missing piece. You don't even really need to have an in-depth understanding of the subject to really pass. During my first year of university second term, I skipped about half of my physics lectures and didn't open up my textbook until the night before the exam to just look up the key concepts and was able to get a solid mark on the final exam which accounted for 100 of my mark. I probably could have gotten a lot higher if I tried harder but I didn't care that much about getting a high mark lol.

I also value efficiency in that I don't like it when people start talking about useless stuff when working on a task. I remember playing a video game with some friends and two of them would get quite upset if I criticized them and it always irritated me because I'm just trying to win and I'm not trying to upset them. I also don't like it when they keep rambling on and on. Just shut up and focus on the objective lol.

Additionally, I value organization. An example of this is when I code. I always like to spread out my code evenly, put comments before each function, like to keep lines short, define variables in certain places, etc. It always confuses me how people are capable of understanding their messy code.


**7. a) What about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else? b) If you could change one thing about you personality, what would it be? Why?**

I think most people know me as the really quiet, smart kid. Teachers would always tell my parents that I need to participate more in class. If I could change one thing about my personality, it would be my laziness. I sometimes lack the self-discipline to be productive and get things done. I always just start doing things last minute because I always know that I'll get it completed in time but as a result it ends up not being perfect like I would want it to be. This is also quite weird because I think part of the reason I procrastinate these things is because I want to think about it and plan more so that it will be perfect but it only results in something that isn't always perfect. There are other things that I definitely think I need to work on like my social skills but I definitely feel this laziness thing is what concerns me most right now as a university student.


**8. How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most often triggered?**

I often have hunches and gut feelings but I don't necessarily trust them. I always want to confirm these hunches with evidence first rather than just assuming my hunch is correct. I don't really take note of when they trigger. I guess if I meet someone new or if I'm posed with a problem, I have a guess of what the truth or answer is and look to find evidence to back that up. Also, I'm not quite sure if this counts as hunches or gut feelings but if I'm stuck on a problem, it's not rare for me to come up with an idea, solution or answer just randomly out of nowhere. I could be waking up from a sleep, walking with some friends, eating dinner, watching TV, or anything and all of a sudden this missing piece of the puzzle pops up and gives me everything I need to solve the puzzle.


**9. a) What activities energize you most? b) What activities drain you most? Why?**

I really enjoy reading, sleeping, playing video games, watching TV/movies/anime, looking at dank memes, listening to music, thinking, daydreaming, talking to friends, and eating junk food. Just things I can do in peace to stimulate my mind. I get drained very quickly when I am with a large group of people, especially those I am either not familiar with or I don't really like. It is not uncommon for me to just randomly leave from hanging out with some friends after a short period of time. I would rather take part in the activities that I listed about as energizing me.


**10. What do you repress about your outward behavior or internal thought process when around others? Why?**

I act like I don't care about anything even though I care too much about everything lol #edgy1. xxTP

2. xNFP

3. idk lol

4. xNxPs and some ISxPs&gt;My point is; I found that approach rather hard. It seemed like a backwards process for me. I find it difficult starting with the big picture and deconstructing it; I much prefer to go at it the other way around - know all the little bits, what they are and where each of them falls in the big picture; then you connect them together.

In Socionics, this is known as the [Process/Result dichotomy](http://www.wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Process_and_result) where Process types prefer to know the details and build the bigger picture and Result types prefer to start with the bigger picture and deconstruct it. Oddly enough, INTPs are Result types. Are you sure you aren't ENTP or INFP? This is generally the dichotomy that shows most.&gt;It's not so much about the systematic, single-task, start-to-finish process; it's more about knowing the little details well before you put them together into one grand picture.

You did word it properly and I understood you correctly. Knowing the little details before you put them together into one grand picture **is** Process type.

The link I said you says this (process being deductive and result being inductive):

&gt;I will frame this dichotomy in the second sense, namely as simplification vs. complication of thought structure. Meaning that in deductive thinking, given a set of simple and obvious statements (axioms, postulates), the resultant consequences can be necessarily derived (theorem). Reasoning flows in the direction of simple to complex. Evolutionary types therefore mentally complicate the situation.

&gt;In inductive thinking reasoning proceeds the other way around. Observing and comprehending complex phenomena, inductive thinking reduces them to generalized diagrams and models stripped of details. Involutionary types break down and simplify the situation in order to understand it. Reasoning flows in reverse order from complex to simple.

&gt; Victor Gulenko has described Process types as having an inclination to "mentally complicate the situation". Result types grasp the full picture at first, and this vision can quite rich and complex due to person's innate high intelligence or crude and shallow if their intelligence is below average, however in both cases it takes them a long time to attain this broad grasp.

Your puzzle thing also sounds like Process type, probably Ti+ which is the Ti that process types use. You can read about function signs [here](https://junglove.net/a-description-of-the-functions/) if you'd like. Yeah, in Socionics they're known as semi-duals, so they're half-identical, half-dual. They can energize you but also give the deep understanding of an identical relation. They also constantly challenge you (and specifically your inferior function) so you never fully relax so I think it's really good for self-growth.Yeah, I think we found the ISTJ lmaoINFP

29/36. I actually expected my score to be much lower tbhme too :)Both the guy and the girl in the picture are cheating in [the video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOK5VRehEHg) She's the one who passes him the note during the test.Our 5th function is something we are generally good at (in terms of how much we know about it) and think about a lot but it isn't something we really do because it's exhausting. In Model G, it's the lowest energy function along with our tertiary function.
The Middle ManagerThis is the internet, don't be silly.Nope. Tests are made by SJs for SJs.STPs are just big children anyway.And when they aren't, its because of [insert a strawman].I surely can't but my boyfriend and I try every day.Thanks, that's what my STP trainer says all the time.Probably because you read MBTI forums so you naturally accept tha people are different. Face the truth, most of SJs are judgey assholes irl and nothing that Ns say about them on the internet comes close.&gt;He places fashion and taking care of himself highly and is a bit narcissistic if you ask me. He attracts girls all the time without even trying and he spends most of his time trying to get rid of them.

this + the rest of his quirks (like trying to act ENTJ) = ISFP if I've ever seen one.Reading this felt like watching an ESTJs vlog.They will kill you last./r/madladsBruh, one of us is mistyped and I'm gonna bet it's not me.

Seriously, what you described is what my ISFJ mother does all the time.It's ok, you can have us instead.

literally 9/10 of my closest relationships are NFPsMy take:

&gt;Whiskey: Most people need some coke to tolerate you

ESFPs?He's ISTJ as fuck.Low Ne- everything is possible if you are scared enough!Let's set my country on fire because i'm fucking bored. Woohoo!I think you are confusing INTJs with autistic people in the "process" part... Actually sounds like a deliberate joke.
Type: ENTJ

Most attracted to: Probably ENFx. They're some what different but in a non threatening or restricting way. ESxPs are interesting to watch socialize, but I wouldn't want to talk to one.I thought it was possibly INTP or INFP but INFJ does make good sense. Thanks.I want to say ISFJ, but I don't really know you or your friend and it may be a bit obvious if you were the same types. Both ISTJ and ISFJ are realistic to me.

P.S. Thanks for the cookie :)In terms of sensitivity, INTP

In terms of insecurity, xSTPEasily INTJ. Nothing else, except maybe INFP, comes even close.

P.S. I found your functions descriptions interesting (in a good way).

Edit: the more I think about it, INFP makes some sense. Still I'd bet on INTJ.Yeah, you're probably INTJ.[Just a dream](http://orig01.deviantart.net/42a7/f/2011/281/2/4/hacker__s_hideout_by_hazzard65-d4c6zgm.jpg)Basicly what this guy said. Don't call them fools and idiots, it won't go well in real life (altho I would when I'm alone).“When I was five years old, my Mom told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked what I wanted to be when I grew up, I wrote down “happy”. They told me I didn't understand the assignment and I told them they didn't understand life.”OkOkayNice name1. To create swarms of mutant lizard beasts.
2. Level 77 Master Chief of the Lizards (Full name).
3. Probably 5. Neutral. See question 6.
4. Again probably 5.
5. 10. I don't really care if anybody knows.
6. I'd just walk around everywhere with a wizard hat and magic wand warning everybody of the coming lizard swarm.Was going to say the same. Kinda surprised OP was willing to type that even into the internet.At least you own up. To be serious though, I'd say you're probably ESXX, maybe ESTP.Did you think it was meant to be accurate?I don't get any of the outrage. I mean, it's not wrong.I think the purpose is to laugh at how stupid it is.Gonna be honest, I kinda agree. The guy was completely immature, but at the end someone told her that it was "on the other side". Seems like she could have found it herself. From what I heard, the guy drove her to the hospital, and he's and uber. It's not like he is required to know where it is. I get that she had to go to the ER, but it's honestly much more efficient to go ask someone who actually knows their way around than keep bugging somebody who clearly doesn't. Not saying the guy isn't in the wrong, but you are right, the woman clearly provoked it.[Not fake](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3683363/Uber-driver-lashes-woman-refused-car-claims-refused-ER.html), for referance.Obviously not, but it was mildly interesting.Didn't read it. Maybe another day.Not possible, and you seem somewhat ENTP.On my side, but if it's hot on my back.Me and you don't seem to get along to well lol.I do. Have a nice day.Kinda disgusting. Sorry if you like it.Kind?

Better go find my dictionary.Maybe it's just me, but my favorite type is ESTJs (my INFP friend thinks I'm crazy). Genuinly feel bad that this thread is needed.International relationsJust had to ask, why not "Everyone except IXTX"?Naw, it's only a small mistake. Just curious.You're missing the muppet fur.Any thoughts on what each mbti would be?Favorites were:

Death Note, Code Geass, AoT, Maid Sama :), Clannad, and Angel Beats.I was when I was younger... Enter the Internet...I'll go with ENTJ.Look at a book titled "Motel of the Mysteries"I asked another friend about him being ISFJ (I thought it sounded pretty good), but they said xNTP sounded a lot closer. Do you think you could briefly explain some visible traits between ISFJs and ENTPs, or even INTPs? Thanks, that would be fantastic.Bring concepts of what ifs/creative ways of doing things: Doesn't think of what ifs that much unless you talk to him for a while. Then he does so all the time. Does like to find creative solutions. I think its because he gets bored with doing the same thing over again (although there does seem to be a lot of Si imo) but he also tries to be original/stand out.

Emphasis of doing interests: When he gets into somthing, he really gets into it, until he comes to a conclusion (assuming it's a theory or a situation) or gets bored (which he is often). But besides a few things, his interests shift often. Exceptions, such as chess, are exceptions because there are so many different players/play styles, and there is always someone better than you.

Speaking style: Stays very neutral when talking to people he isn't close to or people with opposite opinions. Thats mostly because he doesn't know if he would hurt the other persons feelings though. After talking, when the other person is gone, he might turn and smile and say somthing like "I could have absolutely destroyed them," and go on to point out all the flaws. He really doesn't necessarily argue to change peoples minds; he doesn't really care what others think. Its more so for fun. Kinda like watching a scary movie, but not knowing if the other person would be scared. so you watch the rest after they leave.

For 1 and 1, it's opinionated quite a bit, in a laid back way. Explains things very step for step in order to express himself. In a group he knows well, acts very very ENTP with opinions, especially if a lot of people disagree. He thinks it's pretty funny. Especially if it's a complicated topic, he will speak against a point he agrees with just for the sake of it.

Pauses occasionally, but not often. When making choices, regardless of the importance, he can pause for a while. That's about it though.

Expression: It all comes down to the people he's talking to. If its a large group of people, he's not that expressive, usually. When he is, he gets really expressive to make up for the large amount of people. In smaller groups, it all depends on how close he is to the other person.

Again, thank you very much for all the help. :)I always thought of him as the epitome of ENTP.Hearts of iron 4 is fantastic.Surely it can't be THAT shitty!

*cries in corner.We'd just awkwardly look at eachother from opposite ends of the room.INTP, ENFP, and me.Smh, OP hiding behind the guise of INFP, we all know they're really ENFP.Most of the great ones happened to be ISFx or xSTP, with a few ENTJs scattered here and there.

I don't think type matters much.Of the very few actual, legitimate INTJs I've met in my life, none of them wasted their time on worrying about wether they were superior to someone else or not.INTJ

Dems should have picked Bernie, but too much corruption.Beautiful.Sounds about right.I totally agree, but there are many things I think would be better for the world.

I dont go around policing them. I do stuff "wrong" too.Yeah, that's cool. I'm with you on that. Actually, I don't think ive ever seen anyone with an ESFJ tag.YepL-O-V-E?

Better go grab my dictionary.Found one!Makes sense.Haha yeah, looks decent.

But really, first one I saw. Funny how they're pretty unique here.Such a well designed and thoughtfully put together site layout.

Such a horribly inaccurate test.

Sad to see all the effort wasted.ESFJsFirst, as you just said, I would have made the questions more subtle. It tells you something along the lines of answering questions even if you dont like the answer. However, regardless of who you are, there is going to be some bias with yourself. Also, many of the questions are pretty obvious as to where the lead. For example, if I want to end up at another type, or have taken the test before, I might be dishonest to myself.

Also, it's a bit hard to type someone while separating the letters. They are all deeply intertwined with eachother.

And then there are those horrible "famous people with the same type as me". Those typings are just plain inaccurate and it pisses off my OCD.Honestly, she would have done a lot better just not laughing. It was more that people thought she was fake, and tbh she was.Anyone know what VDE-C could be? My guess is ENTJ but ive got no idea.I am hyperion, level 43 XXXX from the valleys of the internet. Pleased to meet you.Not that it matters, but why not just say xNTx for #6? :)Haha nah I was really just curious if you separate the two into two different categories.In my experience, absolutely.

May of them are pretty good chess players, I know a few geeky ones who play MTG, some of them actually use their charisma and people skills to win monopoly games.

But really, thats logically identical to assuming someone plays basketball simply because they're tall.&gt; ISFP with strange cognitive function test results.

[Cat with strange proportions](http://www.dog-breeds-expert.com/images/newfoundland-table.jpg)Theres a lot of personality to this one."NicoNicoNiigger"

Lol well it is the internet...Poor guy :( [probably stuck with one of these fellas](https://yt3.ggpht.com/-RBucFy_7xXM/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/e72gqYawdbw/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg)

Edit: minorly NSFWSecond ESFPIf the "dog" looks like a turtle and acts like a turtle, it probably is a turtle.Kinda surprised he could type that into the keyboard with those massive nuts.&gt; Se likes to do, while Ne likes to talk and speculate about it.
Ni wants to work towards some grand vision or aim or intuitive goal, while Si is more likely to stay the course.

Could you eli5 this part for me? Si and Se sound too similar, as do Ni and Ne. That would be awesome :)Oh man, this is absolutely fantastic. Please, do make a series of this (it looks like a bit of time tho). Would be one of the greatest things on this subreddit.

This covers it perfectly. I really don't know how to thank you enough by pressing buttons on a keyboard, but THANK YOU!!! :DBeautifulIt really is that fabulous I got into MBTI a little over a year ago (maybe two, short by many people's standards), but this is honestly the best guide ive found on the internet.

&gt; I promise to cover N functions later, but I'm a little burnt out right now after that. I should also start keeping lists of characters on hand. It would be much faster that way. c:

And yeah, this would be absolutely fantastic and please do, but dont rush into it without a break. Whether it takes a day, week, or months, it doesn't matter. Your work has a lot of quality to it.Absolutely, but depression isn't the same in everybody. To be more clear, I was curious if there were any ways it might differ (this is a generalization, of course) from another type?ISTP. I would not be surprised if he were INTJ, but ISTP is way more likely.Ah dn e'en af tefHowdy again :)

Still got the best typing tool anywhere on the internet.What if all the ENTPs think that they are not obnoxious, that they don't have a douchey demeanor, and are overall nice?.Sounds like a pretty dank ESFPCan you explain your logic?Yeah but many perspectives will obviously not be accurate.

We meet again.It makes a bit if sense, although I would think of that as one test using a lot of imput.

Get some sleep tho :)Wtf is this.Someone call a swat teamImho INFPs are more fun to talk with. INTPs are cool and all, but you generally can't communicate with them as well. I'm sure they're having a blast in their head.Eh, maybe. I'm just going off my personal experiences.The last four are called shadow functions. They're basically the inverse, and dont show up as much. For example, INTP is

Ti

Ne

Si

Fe

Te 

Ni

Se

FiDouble checked, shadow functions really are the 5th through 8th functions. I ordered them incorrectly tho.

I'm not arguing that it's good or bad.INFJ: Think they're saving the world, really reading palms and folding origami fortune tellers. Doesn't matter much in the bigger scheme of things.

INFP: No real point to them, they make stupid movies and write fiction. Cries when their stuffed animals "die." You aren't Calvin, you're just stupid.

INTJ: Likes to think they're smart. Downloads 2048, solve Rubik's cubes using youtube, and plays chess on their phones on easy to tell themselves they're smart. They're all fucking idiots watching anime.

INTP: Actually smart, but no personality. Siri makes a better friend; at least she does stuff. Likes to think they're Einstein, and hey, maybe 1 or 2 percent are. But the rest are basically INFPs with even less social skills. Whatever is going on in their heads, it doesn't really matter because of their inability to fulfill anything.

ENFJ: Goes to college, wastes it on a fucking gender studies degree. Need I say more?

ENFP: Thinks they're Willy Wonka. Extremely stoned and probably will be for life. But hey, they're happy having no purpose.

ENTJ: Everyone hates them, but never actually tells them. Poor fools will never have real friends and die with the false dream of their "success."

ENTP: Get a job, loser. Nobody cares about your machine gun dildo. Even the people who are polite and tell you they do.Definitely ExTP, leaning towards ENTP.Eh, OP shouldn't have compared sensors to intuitives imo. Would have been better to just focus on intuitives. Maybe make it shorter too.

But I mean, you cant take someone with a machine gun dildo very seriously either, can you?Almost as bad.1. Lawful good.

2. Lawful evil.

3. Chaotic good.If you're any good, you can help me get away with white collar crime.[Same thing](https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1VN1AHFXXXXaXapXXq6xXFXXXc/High-quality-Boutique-font-b-dildo-b-font-vibrator-font-b-sex-b-font-toys-for.jpg)&gt; But hey, they're happy having no purpose.

Was I wrong? No.Boarderline autistic is more of an INTJ roast tbh.

And I don't see how you would roast sensors, we already have pretty low standards to live up to. My Ne is failing me here.Found one :)Thats essentially a minute-long "song."Second depression.I cringe every time I look at the 16P comments section.Tbh mine was betterIf it makes you feel better, it's no like I went into gender studies.Naw, play it safe. Don't let your success be reliant on somebody else's fuck up.&gt; I don't want to feel bad. I feel so bad. Everything hurts so much. I need a direction. I must find the passion that I've lost. I can't. I just don't want to feel bad anymore.

&gt; Direction, passion, value of self, inner peace, meaning of my own life. I don't want to be just somebody.

&gt; Nothing drains my energy, I don't even have fucking energy, Hello? Depression.

Tbh, what u/mildredfortoon said. I don't know you personally, but you seem depressed. Find something to do. Go for a run. Finish a book. DO something. Anything. Accomplishing things feels awesome.

I'd probably discribe you as xSxP btw.I was gonna write a response but I realized I might actually offend some INFPs.I would have said ISTJ for GSIt will be easy. Wait.

And tbh I really am not sure about xSxP. You are probably depressed (from what I can tell) so it's gonna be harder to see who you actually are. I took a guess. But you are reacting to depression in a way only an xSxP can really.

Edit: I'd probably say xSTP~~FuCk you! Wait what?~~

[Naw](http://m.imgur.com/fLbUPu4)Eh, Puns are okay. They can be pretty cringy.

It's more that I think what I say is funny, mainly because I'm usually the only person who agrees. Assuming it doesn't matter, having everyone disagreeing with you is fantastic.You definitely could be an INFx, just wait a few months.

Good luck, feel better.My idea of fun, thats all.

But if it matters, different story.Sorry, I meant that it is not as funny if you are making stupid jokes about something that matters. It's only fun if it's something less serious, like puns. People usually laugh too, even the people who make the puns.Explain?

(Serious question)Nobody thought ISFP?

Definitely xSxP imo.YepWhat Se do you see?&gt; Overall, I consider myself the good version of my sister (sadly), because she clearly was too spoiled.

Yeh, know what you mean.Fuck grandpa joeAnd frankly I'm fine where I go, just so long as Mr. Joe goes to hell as well.

This guy does absolutely nothing at all. His impoverished family is overworked, and he is too ill to help out. He is a sick, sick man.

And then of course Charlie gets a ticket. And what does Joe do? [Yippee!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3sKngQ8Gsmc) The old bastard wasn't sick at all. Just a completely douche laying in bed all day. But as soon as Charlie gets his ticket...

Its the story of the little red hen. The hen wants to make bread so she gets the wheat, pounds the flour, etc. And all the while, she asks "who will help me _______". Well, nobody does. But they are all able to help her EAT the bread.

Grandpa Joe didn't do shit. He could walk fine, he wasn't at all sick like the books or movies portrayed him to be. Just a lazy asshole capitalizing of the hard labor of others, and reaping the reward.

Fuck him.I don't remember that scene in the book.

But either way, that does not make him a good person. He was only doing it so he wouldn't die.Found another oneESFP and ENTP were pretty funny.ESFP and ENTP were pretty funny.

ESTJ is pretty accurate. I got in trouble for that kind of stuff :([Greatest post](https://www.reddit.com/r/grandpajoehate/comments/4p6brq/number_of_times_grandpa_joe_should_be_shredded_by/) from the greatest subreddit there is, r/grandpajoehateAnd don't even get me started on Willy Wonka. The British news source, The Sun, explains everything wrong with him, but here is the best piece of evidence yet.

&gt; Some people believe that Willy Wonka is actually a murderous villain who uses deceased children to make his chocolate.

Sounds crazy? Read on.

&gt; Here’s their argument: Wonka rigged the golden ticket competition to ensure that only children won. Then he set up elaborate scenarios once the children were inside his factory to test their morality. Could Augustus Gloop resist a river of chocolate? No. Could Violet Beauregarde resist a revolutionary piece of chewing gum? No.

&gt; Also, the Oompa Loompas were in on the scam because they just happened to have a song and dance routine tailored to each kid’s death.

&gt; And finally, ever notice how each of the vehicles shown in the flick only have the exact number of seats required for the remaining kids?

You're an INFP. Connect the dots.Yeh

But according to you,
&gt; I've never wanted to be an Fi Dom. The selfish, over emotional stereotype totally turned me off.

I mean, just accept it. If that's the truth as you seem to believe, then thats the truth.I've heard it's 60 percent thinkers for men, 65 percent feelers for women.

Either way, yeah thats the only gender related statistic I've seen.Hmm... Social liberal, economic conservative, and chose Bernie Sanders (seriously). He was the only one who had a shot at winning who you knew what you were getting and/or was actually running to help the people of the country.

Just one person's political views tho.&gt;  A feeler like you might do it for the animal cruelty reasons, while an unemphatic INTP like myself might do it for their own benefit. 

True, cus Ts don't do stuff for others.Yeh it was goodPersonal theory with absolutely no facts to back it up but my observations:

From the way I see it, most of the N girls tend to act introverted and most of the S girls tend to act extraverted, regardless of whether they get energy from other people or not. Could be society."And some, I assume, are not narcissists."

"And some might not be narcissists."

In that case, assume my last comment says "True, cus Ts don't *often* do stuff for others."

Yeah, I'm not buying that. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and say you phrased it incorrectly. Either way, I don't see a correlation.

Einstein was a vegetarian for moral reasons. He was an INTP. He used logic, not his core values. But his own logic still was focused around living in harmony with nature.

I would view a T vegetarian/vegan (as well as any T who has some regard for other people's feelings not just for their own gain) as more focused on the logic and think through why they want to do it rather than an F which would do it because it feels right with their own values.

I doubt there is any noticeable correlation between selfishness and selflessness on the MBTI, assuming we disregard outliers (such as sociopaths and psychopaths which make up 5% of the general population).I like to know what I'm supporting. He was generally the only one running (who could win) who was doing it for the people. My support shifted to Johnson after he dropped out, but Johnson didn't have the same shot at winning.I mean, occasionally, probably less than I should be. I do what your friend does, but only when I'm 90 percent sure I can actually rip them apart. I'm sure your friend does the same.

I don't really ever fear about it turning physical, and it never has. Just use logic both of you can see, and dont resort to personal attacks, even you you can think of some pretty good ones. If it were to turn physical, then thats just a confirmation that you won.

To answer your question in more depth, sometimes. But its not a good idea to show it. The other person usually is intimidated as well.Assuming you feel comfortable sharing, which side are you talking of?

Both sides seem overly partisan to the point that each of them claim that. Personal opinion, it's more complicated.

I'm really not interested in debating any system, I'm just curious which side you were speaking of.Hmm, alright. Thanks for the reply. :) Between ESTJ, ISTJ which would you choose? I honestly considered myself an ESTJ previously because the functions fit best, but I wasn't entirely sure. The all seemed like narcissists from the discretions, and I didn't think I was a narcissist. I'd like to be sure tho.

Edit: reading back, I made it sound like ignorant people don't deserve to be beat. Maybe they don't, but thats not my position. If they continue to argue a losing argument, they will just be beat more. It's the people who realize they're wrong and listen that I admire, and try to mimic when I lose.Alright, thanks for the help :)Reasoning?I don't think of myself as lazy, I just don't enjoy doing things without a purpose.Eh, the closest you can get would probably be to rank how high the Fe is."BitchImFamous"

Seems right.Me now and me a few weeks ago

Pls dont mind the chode phone, my inability to smile, or my sweatshirt. My grandma (from Oklahoma) sent it to me. :)ENFP.ISTP?Nope.I'm slightly on the spectrum, don't really ever take selfies.

Believe me, I'm aware. :)Forgive my OCD, but why not just say F females instead of NFs or SFs?I mean it's not incorrect.

Edit: the ESTJ in the example had horrible grammar.We die. We don't go anywhere, no afterlife, we're just dead. No reason to believe otherwise, feelings are really just hormones and instincts with a scientific cause, an extremely complex wonder of nature, but just another wonder of nature non the less. What happens if you burn a flower? Does it go anywhere? Does anything happen to it? Same with humans. I don't see any reason to believe our consciousness means we have any fate other than plants, and I'm not going to assume we do without any solid evidence. For all I know, plants can think and feel emotions.

Just my opinion tho.

&gt;I've wondered if a huge anxiety of dying is somehow related to my type

I don't see a big difference in type so much as individual people, but a survey might be interesting.Honest opinion, nobody cares about "I am xxxx, AMA" on r/mbti.I mean I'm sure some people like them (nobody is a bold statement), nothing bad happens if you put one up. If you aren't as bored, it served it's purpose.Good to hear, I guess :)57 percent of these responses (at time of writing) are INxP.&gt;These people have potentially been mistyped and are giving out false information.

Or they're overplaying the stereotype. A lot of mbti has become "choose the color of clothing you wear! What color do you like best? Dont worry, you can change it later."Nope, and I didn't say these people don't want to share their minds.I suppose I should have phrased it better, I can see how it can come across that way.Would be cool to study international relations/economics and work for a think tank.You know, it's not every day you come across humor like this.Freshman year of highschool I ran cross country. Beginning of the year, some senior I knew vaguely (friend of a friend) and me happened to be on the cross country team.

Long story short, he never actually tried to run. I was a bit of an asshole and flipped out at him (can't remember what got me to that point. That's not the part I think about). Said he sucked at running. Genuinely hurt his feeling. Lotta people were there too. (Hard to discribe when typing, but it was boarderline r/publicfreakout worthy) He tried a lot harder after that. I apologized and he ran a bit harder afterwards. More embarrassing for him since there were a lot of people. Didn't really tarnish my reputation.

A few weeks after, he got expelled (senior year and all). It's really the only time I can think of off the top of my head that I've actually gotten angry at someone and regretted it.&gt;Kellyanne Conway is another good example

Sadly, I think you're correct. Might be ESFJ though.Whoever said that sounds like a pretty smart individual.Hmm, I won't doubt you but that's pretty surprising.

I know a lot of smart ppl who dont read, but not a lot who think reading will make you dumb. I cannot see the logic they used.Not sure if you would be the person to ask, but what does human milk taste like?I'm pretty bad at working if I don't see the benefit of it. I don't do well in classes I don't like.Sorry I dont understand your post.

What is internet? Are they a person? I LOVE people.&gt;That person... is certainly not INTJ.

I'm going to have to disagree with you on that. INTJ doesn't necessarily guarantee intellect.That... actually makes a bit of sense.

Thanks for clarification.I mean, if your relationship was KOed cus of some buzzkill ruining a joke, I'm gonna conclude that the relationship was probably pretty weak in the first place.

And tbh, assuming you actually are an INTJ, your Fi is leaking. Patch it up.Bingo. My fault too.My own opinion from what the text says (I have no idea who op is).

Op is an INTJ wannabe (I'm guessing some kind of IxFP) who was in a fragile relationship (cant say it wasn't weak), made a small mistake that was enough to somehow ruin it, and runs away to the internet to complain about ESTJs (literally says that that ESTJ is bad so they gotta get revenge on someone who is also an ESTJ).

But hey, I could be completely wrong.Their comment section suggests depression. Hopefully they feel better soon.

And it's all good, I assumed you were talking to them.http://m.imgur.com/a/EmL12&gt; I guess it's natural of them to compare dick sizes.


http://m.imgur.com/XlGIgxtIf I made you feel bad, that was not my intention. Apologies about that.

It seemed that you were blowing the situation out of proportion (again, from my point of view). Imo the ESTJ was getting into someone else's business, a pretty common ESTJ flaw, but I wasn't there and can't really have an opinion. The way you phrased it seemed like you were lashing out at all ESTJs. Might have been more effective to ask to talk to someone about the situation rather than write them all down, but I can understand that's not the kind of thing people think about in the moment.

And assuming the I love you is directed at me, you're pretty cool, love you :)I'm going to give you the benefit if the doubt and say that you are just depressed, but everything he said in his/her most recent comment is entirely correct. Your post was truly bizarre. From my perspective (and probably a lot of people's too), you literally sounded drunk.

It would be better for you to live up to it (or if that's too hard, you dont have to respond either), you'll feel better much. I didn't get the impression that you did dislike us as a whole, just adding some Ne humor :)Somewhat the IxFJ descriptions.There is a piece of text from you that stands out to me:

&gt; I don't care about your comments, when I used to.

You're missing the point. You came here to rage against ESTJs cus you had a bad experience, several people called you out, and rather than admit it was a mistake (like most people would), you keep trying to justify it. (If you disagree with anything I said here, please tell me).

You can't possibly believe what you did was logical (you deleted the post), stop pretending it was. You obviously care about their/our comments cus you keep replying, although caring is not an issue. It's the way you have made yourself a victim of the comments. Not everyone's against you. You made a mistake, live up to it or stop responding.

But either way, you're shooting yourself in the foot by arguing something you don't believe. Btw, pretty much everything the other guy (yeah, it's not my business. I'll still mention it tho) said is pretty correct, and critisizm of something you posted on the internet is not gossip.In the moment, I'm really competative, but it's not like I care much if I lose. As long as it was fair.Being entirely honest, I'm to lazy to continue this (unless you want to :) but I doubt it). I'd rather enjoy my weekend, got some shows to watch. I've got no clue who you are, you do you. Have a nice life, hope you get back with/find another person.I'm going to assume you're talking about the discussion? Talking the same what?Not sure what you're saying, sorry bout that.

Feel better please.I like this one more tbh.Hmm, I dont honestly place much value on mbti types. There are way more than 16 personalities in the world. It's more of a way of organizing them.&gt; Some people come across like that one party girl, which tells you that she is soooooo autistic. And than you call her out on it, she says stuff like: "Wanting to be special is not wrong."

As someone actually on the spectrum (professionally diagnosed twice), this is honestly a lot more undermining that most people understand. It's really not just about being "special".They tend to end up along the IxTx axis (INTJ is kinda the autistic type), although I've seen some ExTJs and INFJs. Of course thats a generalization.

Function wise, I'd imagine it's relative to Te/i and maybe a bit of Ne/iTry xSFJFather: INTJ, probably on the spectrum (never been diagnosed, but I've got loads of evidence)

Mother: ENxJ (leaning ENFJ)

Brother: ESTP

u/foofoononishoe: ESTJ probSo we don't do anything wrong ever?I'm a vegetarian tho, and either way, I'd need a justification to do that to a neighbor or bunny. Are they both assholes though? No problemo.

And most marshmallows aren't vegetarian or vegan unfortunately. Oh well. :)Generalizing, obviously.

Socialism/Libertarian fair (You reap what you put in): xSTJ

Communism fair (Robin Hood): xNFxAlright, I'll try to seek further understanding and clarity.

How are you not singling them out?I'm going to ignore the second part of the comment cus it's not all that related imo. If you want to talk about it separately, go ahead.

&gt;Singling out has a negative connotation.

Technically no, but nobody uses it ever in a positive way so it's pretty much true. Not that it matters in the context.

&gt;When singling out someone typically that's coupled with "picking on" them as well.

I'll disagree with that one. Keep in mind, I'm not saying you're picking on the ISTJs, but people (in my experience) use singling out for uses other than picking on people.Not really a point... just a minor specification.&gt; It's ok! They were just expressing an opinion. They didn't say anything rude about me and kept the comments related to the content itself. I think that's a much more polite way to disagree with someone than you'll usually find online.

[:D](https://youtube.com/watch?v=4va0yanY_z4)I don't know. I just like talking to others. Maybe cus I can share my thoughts.

That's actually a good question.It'd definitely interesting, not really useful though. Too many people rely onto it imo.ExTJ, probably ENTJ.Not to get into other people's business :) but genuinely interested in what difference that would make.Being entirely honest, probably one of the better (or one of the best) mbti descriptions out there.I don't think people have changed much (especially in the us) since 2002. I wouldn't call it outdated.Thank you for making this. Great work :)&gt; Running the world's most efficient sweatshop. But the employees will get the credit.

Why should I have gotten the credit in the first place?ENFPBut giving me the credit would put me above the people actually working my sweatshop. It would be harder for me to consider myself a genuine leader.

Position and quality is way more important to me. Running the world's most efficient sweatshop (cus ESTJs don't give a shit about their employees) would be ideal either way.It's a dark world. It's incredibly creepy and lacking in personality. Very mechanical and systematic. [This](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7a/7c/fa/7a7cfad8e4c923aa4c8ca60abb8042d1.jpg) is the closest think I can think of to resemble it. It's not vast, but deep and complex. A lot of parallel lines and no curves. Most people wouldn't like it much.

Then theres a small part thats happier, but I can't think of a way to visualize it.INFP. I was depressed.It would be boring. We'd get stuff done tho.

I think ISFJs would do the best over all.I mean, he isn't wrong. :)So your absolute least favorite type is...

:)I'll go with ESTP tbh, maybe ESFP (narcissism makes typing harder, and there's a lot of it here). You favor Se way more than Si.&gt; Light (Deathnote) is typed as INTJ but I see him as INFJ.

I see him as ENTJ, followed by INTJ. I can understand INFJ tho.

&gt; Okabe (Steins Gate) typed as ENTP but I see him as ESTJ.

I have no idea how you came up with this.I've forgotten what it's like to cry....I'd like to say you're incorrect, but then I'd just be lying.

You should have italicized the 'love' tho :)&gt; ~~From my experience~~ It's toxic as heck.

&gt; It's ~~very capable~~ *full* of immature mindless emotions/grudges for the stupidest reasons ever.

Fixed it for you.I've just skimmed this, but I'd say ESTP with a bit of narcissism.I'm actually going to go with ENFJ.I'm a bit on the spectrum. I love to hang out with other people, but I'm always a bit quirky. And I could be more assertive.This is actually fabulous..Find a good book, go for a walk, or do whatever makes you calm. Something that takes attention (something you can't "pause," like a multiplayer game) is important.ESFJ tbh.Def ESTPBeing honest, you're overestimating the INTJ stereotype.Gee thats hard :(It was a joke cus of all the negative stereotypes.

Thanks tho.On another note, what would you type Carlson? I'd say ISTP.&gt; INTJ units

[Forgive my Ne, this is what I pictured in my mind.](http://imgur.com/a/mPW4y)I guess [quality](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5xid7l/entp_in_one_image/) matters a bunch, huh?"ESTJ"

-Reads edit

"Still ESTJ"Not many tbh. Closest would be [this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/69kp6t/mbti_user_manual/)Tbh I wouldn't call it the most conservative. Hard to beat Oklahoma or Mississippi to name a few.Its kinda hard to assassinate a world leader nowadays tbh.Easy INFx, I'll go with INFJThe ESTJ war machine :)ISFJ, anyone?Idk man, only difference I see from r/mbti and mbti discord servers is voice chat vs typing, and talking sounds more convenient.*looks around to make sure the other stjs aren't watching.

+1 true :)What about the British Empire before the breakup?INTJ. Probably accurate tbh.I'm probably the easiest type to roast (maybe behind INFPs) and you give me this?!You aren't the first, or second, or probably 5th time I've heard about Japanese or Korean xenophobia. Mind elaborating?Hmm, might not be questions, but I found [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5nks6y/a_guide_to_help_people_type_themselves/dcckb1k/) guide tends to work very well for just observing people.Could have just said all Ps...Pass the bowlI want to think this is a joke.Hearts of Iron 4 by far.

Fortnite and World of Warships are fine. Stories/lores are uninteresting in games.&gt; Anddd we're off like a prom dress!

:D but for real this is awesome. I’d love to see similar work from other types.ESTJ - [Rule Britannia](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rB5Nbp_gmgQ)

ESTP - [Lil Jon and the East Side Boyz - Get Low](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mRznzbGNXoY)

ESFJ - [Carly Rae Jepson - Tiny Little Bows](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2ckSZ00zedY)

ESFP - [The Chainsmokers - Selfie](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kdemFfbS5H0)

ENTJ - [B.I.G. - Juicy](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_JZom_gVfuw)

ENTP - [Dire Straits - Money for Nothing](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wTP2RUD_cL0)

ENFJ - [Eddie Money - Gimmie Some Water](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rU-KVObNEd4)

ENFP - [Len - Steal My Sunshine](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fzV7uXXJmRE)

ISTJ - [Alabama - Song of the South](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AneYVYWd7N8)

ISTP - [Kenny Rogers - Just Dropped In](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dooSFIvLn-Y)

ISFJ - [Taylor Swift - All Too Well](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F8Jxo15Vfic)

ISFP - [The Knife - Heartbeat](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pPD8Ja64mRU)

INTJ - [Pusha T - If You Know You Know](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kUK67HP8PvY)

INTP - [Adriano Celentano - Prisencolinensinainciusol](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-VsmF9m_Nt8)

INFJ - [Bob Dylan - The Times They Are A-Changin’](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=90WD_ats6eE)

INFP - [Wheatus - Teenage Dirtbag](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FC3y9llDXuM)Yeah, the INTP song has a really neat story behind it. The singer saw the popularity of English-language music in his native Italy. He actually studied English linguistics quiet a bit and came up with this song. The words are complete gibberish but are meant to sound like English words, and the song blew up in Italy.

It’s essentially a commentary/satire of American 70s pop, but it’s also a pretty good song imo.Aye, thank you!I've got a good friend of whom I have absolutely no idea of their type. Hoping somebody here can help me out :)

Basic information: 16 y/o and Male. Has tested as INFJ, INTJ, ENTP, INTP, ENFJ, INFP, ISTP, ISFJ, and occasionally some other types. I'm a bit clueless at this point, and any help would be appreciate.


Interests:

Chess (Loves chess. Started a chess club at school, introduced some people to the game who never played before, and quite a few people now come weekly)

Video games, but not that often and only if there is some amount of "skill/strategy", hates FPSs.

Animals ('Best' friend is a cat, and the two are really close together. Also has a dog, and spends a whole lot of time with them.)

Honestly, not much else.


Dislikes:

Math/science. Horrible at it too. Perhaps he could be great if he actually payed attention in class.

Really nothing else either. Pretty laid back individual.


Little bits of info:

Has ran for 5 different student government offices since the age of 12, at 4 different places (3 schools, and MUN), and never lost an election. Really good with words and understanding other people, but doesn't share that unless they have to. Best public speaker I've known, and if it scares them, it doesn't show.

No real enemies, but him and his younger brother (ExTP) don't get along too well. Not everyone likes him, but there really isn't much to hate either.

Extremely confident in their own thoughts (they'd make a really good lawyer, etc.), but not in 2 person social interactions (small talk, etc.). Maybe a small bit of anxiety. Has a crush on an ENFJ, but too scared to actually do anything.

Is a vegetarian, part for moral reasons, part so when they f*** up in life, they can still feel good about themselves. Kinda like a reminder that nobody is all good or bad, just different shades at different times. Whatever that means.

Strong willed to the point that it can be annoying, but they aren't fake or easily corrupted.

Can be very immature or mature, depending on the situation. Overall though, their humor is pretty immature. You either love it or think it's stupid.

Great at History (best in class) and English (also pretty high up there). Both of those teachers love him.

Talks to himself alot.

Pretty hard to tell if they are an extravert or introvert. They can be both at different times. Their personality changes so much depending on who they're talking to.


Traits that don't change depending on who they are talking to/situation:

Tend to put others first. Works three times as hard on group projects because others are counting on him. When its just normal work, puts it off until the last second.

Sees very few people as bad regardless of what they've done. Would make a great boss, except for having to fire people. It would literally not happen ever.

Usually roots for/helps the underdog. Never saw the logic in cheering for the 'better' party, or team that was more likely to win. They don't need it.


Anyways, thats all I can think of off the top of my head. If you have any questions, please ask them. Thank you for your time :)Or any types, for that matter. ESTJs specifically though.Alright, most of the typing things are tldr, so I'll try to organize it in a relatively easy to read way. Hope I do a decent job :) Edit: oh dear, it's somewhat long. Thanks to those who read.

Age: 17, Male.

Personal guesses: probably INTJ or INFP realistically. Possibly ENxP or ISFJ. I'd like to be an ESTJ, but I'm just not that, eh, ESTJ like.

Things I enjoy: I love history. Chess is cool as well. I'm pretty good at writing essays, but my favorites are the ones where you get to argue a point. Generally, English and History are my best two classes, and I'm pretty good at them.

Things I dislike/am bad at: to be honest, I don't know what I dislike that much :( I generally don't do things I dislike if I can help it. I'm absolutely brain dead at math though, and too lazy to care much about science. I'm sure I'd be good at science if I tried more, but it's too boring. I like things that bear results. If I do something, it doesn't have to happen right away, but I want to know that it will happen eventually. I don't see that in science.

I'm not really good at giving myself credit at all. Don't want to sound snobby. I did it too much as a kid. I'm giving myself way more credit in this than I usually do for the sake of accuracy.

Not sure if I'm E or I, I tend to be somewhat quite, but I really like people. All people. If I were a boss, I'd have a pretty easy time firing someone who underperformed, but I'd have to help them find a new job if I could.

I understand people pretty well. I'm pretty good at public speaking, assuming I get to improvise. Papers makes it less genuine, and you can usually tell if it's scripted.

When I was younger, I was diagnosed with Aspergers, undiagnosed, diagnosed again, and undiagnosed cus they though I understood people too well. If it's there, its borderline, but I've got a few Aspergers tendencies either way.

I'm usually not very competitive. I can think of a few times when I've become overly competitive, but I can't see any patterns.

I like leading people a lot. I've ran for office at 4 different places 6 different times and never lost. All the positions except one had 3+ people running. I can't really imagine losing any elections.

Arguing (er, debating) is amazing. Especially when there are no rules. I don't think of myself as an asshole at all, unless it's arguing. If it's someone who clearly has no clue what they're talking about and actually listen, I leave them be. They aren't as fun as those who refuse to give up, but they dont deserve to be 'beat' either.

Usually, I just choose the side that looks clearly right and has more material to work with, but sometimes it's fun to just argue against someone who shares my opinions just for the sake of arguing, especially if they don't know much about their topic. No more rant about arguing :) being a lawyer sounds pretty cool tho. Overall, arguing is really more like a fun game.

I'm a vegetarian (mostly, I eat seafood at one place a few times a year cus I just can't give it up) mainly for moral reasons. When I started, I was kinda depressed so I thought it might make me feel better. It was always the kind of thing I had thought I should do since like 5th grade, I just didn't have the will to do it. A few years ago I grew my hair out to donate it for cancer. Besides that, I'm a pretty horrible person.

I hate letting people down. Thats absolutely horrible. If someone asks me for a favor, there really isn't an option to let them down. It becomes the highest priority.

Being president sounds absolutely amazing. If I were to run, I'd get up on that debate stage with a tall top hat, some pretty long shaggy hair, and a cane. I told someone this, they told me it sounded like Willy Wonka. Thats a perfect description, just less colors. It would be f*cking hysterical (I feel bad cursing, but I need to to express how funny I think it would be), but I'd actually act normal (within my bounds of debating) and present some decent points. Meeting with foreign leaders would be great. It's really just a funny idea tho.

To be honest tho, most of those ideas are all internal. They only show occasionally. I talk to myself quite a bit (a whole lot actually) and laugh at my own joke, usually when I'm alone tho. Cant have *too* many people think I'm crazy, now can we?

In the past, I've gotten along with INTPs really well. My best friends are an ENFJ and an ISTP. They're absolutely fantastic, but the ENFJ is never serious (I actually value people who can be serious) and the ISTP is a little bit too unemotional.

Oh boy, this is an organization mess. Sorry guys, thanks for reading tho :)

Please ask any and all questions that may not have been answered.

Disclaimer: this text is written from my mind. I don't really act this personality in life often, but my personality varies quite a bit depending on who I talk to. It's the closest I could think of to me.This lad gets it.I thought I was on r/shittymbti for a second.I mean, why is a cow a good representation for ESTJs? I honestly cant think of any type that could be a cow (except maybe ISFPs, but other animals are still much better for them).r/shittymbtiCame back to this sub after about a year, I can’t even tell the difference anymore.I’m missing the joke. Why do I care about phone locks?That’s not what I mean. What ESTJ stereotype would make an ESTJ respect someone by giving the ESTJ their phone lock?OP: “Yeah I can’t stand xSFJs, when I’m around them I’ve got to be nice and non-manipulative”.Try [this](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) test. 16P is useless.

That being said, ISFx sounds likely.&gt; ENFP cat

I’m sorry, this is too shitty for this sub. Try r/shittymbti.
Oh look, an MBTI personality assignment thread!ISTP?Ah sweet, was looking for a real life self description of a female ISTP. I've been trying to type my friend but all those online guides are so cryptic.INTJ, used to have major depression. Worked through it. Positivity about myself helped a lot.Hahaha, this is perfect.I'm an INTJ in IT. I don't particularly like it or software engineering/programming (which I did before), but I'm good at it and it pays bank.Can't I be Snape but with a sexier voice? :(Funnily enough, a lot of INTJs suffer from this as well.

On that note, people that share my flaws. I see my worst in them and it irritates me to no end.I'm almost 28 now. I wouldn't consider what I've done dating, either a one off, or even a second date at best, once I tried speed dating too.

I've hooked up with girls, usually more than once. I've gotten drinks with girls or gone to the movies, but unless it was explicitly a date, I considered it just some fun times. Although I'm sure more than one of those thought of it as more romantic, I most likely missed any signals.

Right now, I might be in the beginning of what is probably my first relationship. Frankly, to me it seems like the girl is just infatuated and I'm not ready to commit all this time into what is so half-hearted on my end. It's rough, I feel like I should probably end it since the attraction seems to be so lopsided. Then again, I haven't really given her a chance, have I?

INTJAn ISTP talking about marriage? Whaaaaaat?Honestly, it sounds like you became obsessed with it. A good rule of thumb is, if you start using it in real-life conversation, you've probably taken it too far.INTJ. Farsightedness.That's so INTP of him/her.From an ISTP of all types. :'\) Mad respect. You guys usually really dislike us.I spend too much time on /r/istp. :P Generally, a lot of folks mention INTJ as a type they don't like and it's usually not among the favorites. Maybe it's just confirmation bias on my part, or maybe their INTJ friends are shitty.

I do have an ISTP cousin that I'm very good friends with. Lately I've been getting on her nerves though.As one person said, like a grandpa.  
I've tended to buy things with as little branding information on it as possible, because I want to avoid trying to make a statement with my clothes (but maybe not making a statement is a statement in itself?!!). I used to wear a lot of browns and greens, but now I've noticed almost all of my clothes are some form of black, grey, or blue. I've been pretty upset the past year and a half, so it figures, but I usually pick colors on a subconscious level.

I tend to not notice when a piece of clothing is starting to wear out. I see the occasional string loose and cut it off. But I guess the overall wear is less noticeable to me, like stretching or fading. Every now and then, I'll ask someone to go through my shirts with me and tell me what to throw out.

The past few year, I've really fallen in love with slim pants, but it's hard to find a good fit for a guy with my proportions..What's the difference between a hoodie/sweat pants ensemble that looks good and one that looks bad?We all know the test is not completely accurate and, personally, I find the test best for learning more about yourself rather than other people. However, when reading some web sites on MBTI, some sites make you think "yea, this is more or less accurate" while others are more like "wow, this is really fucking spot on".

I personally liked 16personalities as they were more critical of faults and were less likely to dress them up as eccentricities.

Do any ISTPs out there have a preferred site where they'd say it did their personality type justice?Don't know about the others, but just because I dislike a post doesn't mean I'll downvote it.Just like your comment karma.
INTJ
1.) Summon whatever object I want. However, I must know how it functions in order for me to do so (ex: I can summon a sword but not a computer because I don't know how it is able to do its functions.

2.) My name + "The Great"

3.) 6. I'm going to do illegal stuff

4.) 10

5.) 1. I'm a complete douchebag about my powers.

6.) NoI've read Hunter X Hunter before. I added the limitation to make it more interesting. I get more powerful by studying objects and machinery. But yes, I am aware of the aura stuff but I did not base this off of it. It was more from the Fate seriesI personally find the su reedit funny. Especially th INTJ ones. I can somewhat agree to themBut pawns can be anything.... Except the king. But kings suck anyway. They're  reason I lose at chessINTJ instinct. I wasn't think about it when I chose my team. I guess you can say I chose it by instinct. Look at it this way. In the end, a lone pawn(with a king of course since this is chess) can checkmate. A lone knight, or bishop can't. That's how valuable pawns are in chess. INTJ for sure. I am currently at unhealthy mindset therefore I would hate to be them. Their egos may be justified, but they are arrogant jerks who thinks they know everything. Ever heard of human emotions? Just because it's illogical doesn't mean it doesn't exist. ENTP Alexander the Great is one of the greatest conquerors of all time. He was a dick to those who oppose him. Kinda hard to make him look like a good guy. I mean he's like-able but you can't ignore his city toppling to fill his large ego. ENTP. Philosopher, warlord, king. Unorthodox strategy, murderously (literally) unconventional. Lacks pragmatism in terms of sparing human life. Always thought ENTJ as the queen type. They're more like battlefield commanders instead of hiding behind the scenes plottingCare to elaborate?You're right. But being an ENTP does not mean an absence of practicality. If anything, ENTPs have a bigger understanding of practical thinking since having an unorthodox effective plan is to understand the shortcomings of an orthodox one. In battlefield strategy in his campaigns, his tactics (hammer and anvil) was very practical in nature, but his application (the strategy as a whole) was unorthodox (making it possible to be used in armies a lot larger, which was almost impossible). Adding that to the fact that he loves philosophy (fan of Diogenes, not a fan Aristotle), and was curious about new cultures adds on to the stereotype of hungry for new ideas. 

Don't use the "no true Scotsman" fallacy here. World conquest is something people find either interesting or boring, people are different. I know ENTPs genuinely curious about conquest while some are disinterested. Besides, Alexander was more curious about his destiny of being the world conqueror true or not. 

I can write more but I'm kind of lazy so I'm sticking to my counter statements. If you wish to continue, I guess we can message each other. You don't need to necessarily defeat everyone. Subjugation also worksThe name gave away your MBTI lolMaybe clarify the INTJ bit. Do you mean chain yourself to the said INTJ?Either I'm a conjurer or a manipulator. Haven't trained my enough to get to Hatsu. I'm learning Nen the vanilla way. Basing this off of my personality. What's your type? And don't downplay enchancers/yourself. Let's keep in mind that Creativity is the limit. Well duh (directed to myself). I didn't notice you were the OP. Glad you got my jerk derail joke. Glad you're an HxH fanDon't know if that's possible in mobileRomantic interest? Need more contextI'll use my best r/INTJ advice here..... ask. Can only speak for r/INTJ but in general, very rarely will they like SF. They prefer the Ns and would disagree with the polar opposite compatibility conclusion.  From my understanding, it's that the cognitive function is the same but flipped, in which your weakest function is your partner's strongest. While in theory, the personalities would compliment each other, what would occur is that the individuals would have trouble seeing eye to eyeI say they're right. Jung even said it himself. I just follow it because it helps me with self improvement. Very technical and structured in a sense that there is a big picture in the message. They can rap about anything they're interested in really. I picture a rapper talking about how his childhood in the ghettos was influenced by the unfair system that makes it hard to get out or some shit like thatYou missed the point. It's not about being misunderstood. It's about many Ns turning to this platform due to being misunderstood. Everyone needs a source of circle jerk. Is bursting the N-dom bubble the new edgy behavior for this sub? If so, I'm in. You sound young. No need to be another personality. My advice to you is to stop, and think. Blaming this on personality is stupid and ignorant. Take your time to learn and understand others as well as yourself. Feelings, no matter how stupid are valid. Lastly, don't frame this as a personality problem but a skill one. You lack the skill to empathize and sympathize properly, so you need to git gud. 

PS: i got annoyed by this post because you remind me of me. Morality is subjective. Helping in one perspective is morally good, on another, it is a way of robbing someone's personal growthMissed my point. Then again, I didn't emphasized it. My point is that morality is not black and white. Certain things that people find morally correct, others find quite the opposite. 

And just to justify the example of the thinking I stated, the quote "give a man a fish and he eats for a day, teach him how and he eats for his life" represents such ideas. I'm in a train tired, so too lazy to explain. Instead I tackle morality is subjective topic. Probing question, would you kill a stray dog if it's death will bring a homeless person to a better life?You missed my point. The point was in that specific question, your answer would be wrong for some, while correct for the others. Those different views of your answer reflects the subjectivity of morality. Your correct answer is not exactly someone else's correct answerYou missed my point. The point was in that specific question, your answer would be wrong for some, while correct for the others. Those different views of your answer reflects the subjectivity of morality. Your correct answer is not exactly someone else's correct answerI was saying I'm too lazy to explain my quote because I'm in a trip that day. Not a high in substance trip but a road trip lolMissed the joke by a mile. Picture of Magnus Carlsen modeling pictures. I'm a chess fan and I played the I'm gay joke. This was two years ago and didn't bother to change it. I consider his leadership style similar to Justinian though. His strategy being pick a guy better than him to lead in the battlefield. He was of a political mind rather than a military one. Yes, he did contribute to the victory of the American Civil war (blockade, policies, etc.)  but i think op is talking about battlefields. I see. It's good to know that. Might I also add that having that kind of grasp at the time is very innovative considering that it's one of the earliest (first?) industrial war to happen in the world. Are you white? Because the value of your statement will decrease because of it. Minority race? You are internally oppressed and you don't realize how oppressed you are. 

You see, living in LA makes me realize that the minority races against are competing against "the whites" in the job market where whites have a million legs up due to the many generations of oppression and inequality. What gets lost in translation is the fact that all races, regardless of their advantage in society have their own hustles to work on. They blame people for not actively doing something to change the status quo. 

You'll see that the people with the loudest voice are those in the middle class with the the "privilege" of drinking Starbucks everyday. Those in South Central (though it's not as bad as it used to) are working their asses in their own way to live a better life without being a piece of shit. Conservatism is the new counter culture because pissing off crazy liberals is the funniest shit ever, while those who identify as conservatives can take whatever they dish. At least that's how the folks are in the city I live. 

Though in general, stupid people regardless of politics are funny when pissed offMe whenever I go to a university lolI reread my comment. You're right, it does come off that way. I guess I was referring to the difference between young, early in their career people, and older people living in poverty. My issue primarily is that with the majority of the liberals (younger side) is that i hear them do is divide to the nearest atom. An example is they really made a big deal that in my city, the women's march organizers were white and male. And I guess the south central folks I talked to were the stereotypical broken old man Logan. 

In my experience, the way it works is that the majority of liberals in my environment are short sighted in terms of information. This has caused me to misjudge them. I guess I'm not at that environment where I hear those things you mentioned. And in terms of conservatives, I judged them as more calm and overall intelligent due to them being economically conservatives. No experience with the neo-nazi and crazy religious. 

As for your last statement, I've taken the neutral stance in terms of social politics. Though a minority myself, I just shut up and let my accomplishments and work do the talking. And whenever I converse with them, I usually just ask probing questions. 
I've been looking into the functions recently and found myself feeling exactly the same way! I feel like I can relate to both ENTP and INTJ functions (definitely not INTP or ENTJ - intuition is my dominant function) purely because my results from the the MBTI test gave me very marginal introversion (52% I to 48% E).

What I've concluded is that with the existence of ambiversion (something I've always related to in terms of getting my energy from alone time/around people) it is entirely possible to relate to these paired personality types: INTJ/ENTP ; INTP/ENTJ ; INFJ/ENFP ; INFP/ENFJ as long as you are by definition ambiverted due to your functions being in the same order but just having the extrovertion/introversion varient changed.INTJ Female.

Two-story penthouse apartment in a sky-rise. Outer design would be full length tinted windows as the walls with white flat roof to accommodate a roof-top garden that I only have access too. 

Bottom floor would be dedicated to my own personal library, furnished in traditional dark wood/leather furniture and low lighting with green lamps illuminating the various areas I've set up for comfortable reading. There is a fireplace, that has two false panels on the wall above it which open up to reveal small compartments. The first contains everything I need to make any hot drink I want whilst reading/working, and of course, snacks. The second... I will come back to what this contains later :P. 

The top floor houses my en-suite master bedroom with walk in dressing room, a guest bedroom, kitchen/dining area and lounge. It has an open plan structure and a colour scheme that consists of white, pastels and light grey. Over-all very clean but not too cold (what a purely monochrome furnishing would give) as it should be inviting to the occasional guest. 

...Now back to what the second panel compartment contains - the very cliche "lever" to get into the secret area. The "lever" is touch-screen tablet that poses a riddle (yes I am totally ripping off JK Rowling rn with the Ravenclaw passcode - but shh) which anyone who is worthy of entering the area could figure out. Now onto the specs of the area. It spans the two floors of my apartment and is the same sq footage as the easily accessible part - essentially my apartment is twice the size it appears to be. 

The bottom floor houses my gaming station with multiple consoles and all the games I could want so that if I choose I can stay there uninterrupted for hours, my own lab that I can have fun trying out experiments/do research for various projects, and archive for my collection of rare books that are in a specially built room that is made to preserve them for as long as possible. 

The top floor has cinema with super comfy seats and popcorn/candy-floss makers, a room to take part in various hobbies (art, playing/listening to music, etc.) and a home gym.  

*as a foot note I would have a housekeeper who cleans the house every week because I cba• INTJ 

• 5w4

• Slytherin

• Thunderbird

• 10 and 3/4" Ebony wand with Phoenix feather core and supple flexibility

• Occamy patronus (very rare apparently, which matches as I'm a female INTJ)50% INTJ
13% INTP
9% ENTJ
8% INFJ
6% ENTP

I identify with being INTJ with a bit of ambiversion and having moments of being spontaneous 

Edit: lol dunno why I got downvoted. You can have the functional stacks of a type and not fit all the stereotypical features. My introversion came out at 51% so I don't find it difficult communicating or feel the need to separate myself from others all the time, just when I've been around others for 'too long'. I also don't always feel every situation requires rigid planning and am able to go with the flow when I see it wont hinder our goals. If you can't see past the constraints of being characterised as just one type with no elements of others, you probably don't think like an INTJ. Snake dragon with wings :) 
INTJ here.  Can confirm this! :)I'm an INTJ. No matter what you say about choosing between Trump and Hillary,  I'm still voting for Gary Johnson. I'm an INTJ as well and I agree wholeheartedly with this. INTJ- Picture of the book they've been reading. Or world domination. Take your pick.
I was gonna say the same thing but I didn't want to seem rude or defensive. I'm glad an INTP said it first. Although I would say that some of these boxes are ticked in a poorly developed INTJ too."Cynical" - INTJ.Exactly like [Ra's Al Ghul in *Batman Begins*.](https://zombiesruineverything.com/2013/09/04/mbti-ras-al-ghul-infj/)Your flair says ENTP.Some of those are terrible color choices that obscure the font. Which is the INTJ?Just thank you for writing a non-INTJ villain. An INTJ is never late. Nor is he early. The INTJ arrives exactly when he means to.Agreed. The whole lure of the story was he and L facing off in a game of wits, hide-and-seek, etc. And Light Yagami won that game. He was an unbearable asshole but he was clever enough to survive through that ordeal.Silently judging everyone for making self-harmful (or ignorantly making others-harmful) choices all night long.I mean, I see the point of doing it. INTJs are very single-minded and committed, etc. etc. This gives them their strength (they are extremely capable and able to think ahead, even out-think the protagonist and keep the audience on edge), as well as their "weakness" (their single-mindedness puts them at odds, morally, with the protagonist and is therefore the audience easily sees them as the villain).

At this point it's just lazy writing though. If you have a clever protagonist, you just grab the cookie-cutter capable-INTJ villain to give him/her a challenge.&gt;First of all, you should rephrase the post to list the characters, that you could then list types beside, not types - which sort of creates an awkward implication that we should end up with at least one of each, which won't happen.

Came here to say this. Every MBTI list on the internet has each type represented by a character as if it's one of those D&amp;D alignment charts or something. It's the opposite of how it should work. Start from the characters and figure their types. Don't start with the types and try to shoe-horn in characters.Language is largely memorization, and I'm not good at that. Much better at learning how to use systems. I loved math all through high school. On the science spectrum, I love physics, was pretty average at chemistry, and biology was utterly dismal for me.

Language is all about memorizing a huge reservoir of new knowledge that doesn't always follow a system, and when it does, there are always a bunch of exceptions to those systems.I'm overly self-reliant. To the point where other peoples' help only comes off as a hinderance, and sensitive people will catch on to the annoyance that I try very hard to hide.

For example, I know so many people who are very willing to help me on stuff at work but their "help" always makes the projects take longer. I'd rather just do it myself.  
Also, sometimes people come to me for help with something and I just grab it and do it myself. I'm a big believer in "teaching a man to fish," but... I don't practice what I preach!  
Another example is gift-giving. I know what I like and what I want, and people being "clever" and trying to guess what I want usually ends up with me having to fake enjoyment of a crap gift. I really pity anyone who has to get gifts for INTJs... we really are so easy to please (just give us cash and let us get what we want), but on the other hand, we're also hard to buy for.This question doesn't seem geared towards me.

I get weirded out about getting into a person and not into their work. Take movies for example. I love movies and I always like to know about my favorite directors or screenwriters and what they're working on next, but what I really care about is the work they're producing. I am invested in the art that they are purposely releasing for public consumption. I couldn't care less about what their favorite colors are or where they shop or what they're like in conversation.  
At the opposite end is someone who loves movies, but gets more into the actors. They go to see terrible movies because their favorite actors are in it, and surprise! it's a shitty movie that used most of its budget to get that big-name actor. They would rather read a celebrity gossip magazine than see a well-made movie that doesn't have the hottest A-list celebrities. They couldn't tell you who directed *Avatar* but they can tell you all the people that are in Taylor Swift's inner-circle.

Youtube provides a better medium for the latter category of people. There are channels I love (PBS Idea Channel, MatthewMatosis, Every Frame a Painting), which are more about art or ideas than they are about the people producing the content. Then you have Vlogs and other genres that really are *just* about the people making the content. It's all about listening to this person and watching them do things in front of the camera to get to know them more intimately, like you would your friends. That's never appealed to me.

But my guilty pleasure is Game Grumps.My wife tells me that the way I talk is very condescending and I *never* want to be that. She claims I am very condescending and that she's not the only one who thinks that, but she refuses to say who thinks I am condescending, and won't give any constructive feedback. When I ask her how I'm condescending, she just says "your tone and word choice" and won't get any more specific.

It's infuriating because I'm hard on nobody more than myself, and I hate not knowing how I'm being so negative but still hearing that I am. Nonconstructive criticism is infuriating for an INTJ.What kind of functions am I using when I say that penmanship shouldn't really be weighted all that much in your grades at all? Or at the very least, his personal grades should be weighted differently considering he has no hand in his own penmanship?&gt;INTJ-Pragmatic, but idealistic.

Oof. Too real.Absolutely no way Tuco is a T. Mike's entire plan to frame him by getting in a fight hinged on Tuco being a strong F. Whenever Tuco does a deal, he eyes the person with his "lie detector" eyes, trying to figure out how he feels about that person's loyalty. Every decision he makes is based on how he feels, not how he thinks.In my mind, the middle two letters are the most important because they show what you value in what you do in life. They also affect how well I get along with someone. If someone is a strong F, especially Fe, I get very frustrated. If someone is strong S, they usually get frustrated with me.Dominate Fi or Fe?He seems to be angry at a lot of the things I've long ago accepted and dismissed. He talks about how the test is very unhelpful. This is pretty clear. Every time I take the test, I waffle on some answers, and so my results will be different. It's just impossible for me to know that I'm being 100% "honest" on that test, and I doubt I'm alone. I don't know why people seem to equate Myers-Briggs' theory with "the test". Of course the tests are never going to give perfect results, and the test itself will never be rigorous enough to be used in any scientific setting. I don't believe *anyone* can take the test once and decide which type they are without *extensive* introspection to pair with it.  
He cites the oft-repeated fact that the two women who pioneered the theory were not accredited scientists, which is true, but a really annoying fact to bring up. I wish an actual "accredited" psychologist would actually explore the theory behind MBTI, either to build something rigorous out of it, or debunk it. Either way, I don't care.
He also discusses the numerous articles debunking MBTI, but doesn't elaborate on any of them. Most of the articles say the same thing as above: those two women weren't scientists, and the test doesn't work, therefore we'll ignore this theory altogether.

He talks about the comparisons between the MBTI test and astrology, which is really an end-user problem. If you read about your personality as a way to understand your strengths and weaknesses and improve yourself, that's fine. If you read about your type and fully believe, from that point on, that anything written about your type is true and cannot be changed, you're treating it like horoscopes and you're no longer being scientific.

He then makes the claim that "if you take the MBTI test, you'll spend hours reading articles, watching MBTI videos, etc." I think this speaks more to his addictive personality disorder than about the MBTI theory.First step is to take a breath, relax, and spend time with some introspection to explore how accurate the test was. The tests are notoriously bad at telling you your type by themselves. I would always recommend pairing the test with asking yourself, in the most honest mindset possible: "what do I value?"  
"Do I prefer to make decisions thoughtfully, or by my gut feeling?"  
"Do I trust my real senses to help me take in and process information, or is it more helpful to see the bigger picture first and piece together the details of that later?"  
"As much as I love being by myself or being alone, which do I crave when I'm strung out and I need to recharge?"  
"What do I tend to show the world: That I like to study and learn and grow and observe, or that I like to enact change and put things into practice?"

There are too many misconceptions about MBTI, and most of them come from people who expect it to be like a rigorous truth about themselves. They treat it like horoscopes, reach a point of epiphany that all their expectations are false, and then denounce the theory as unscientific and worthless.&gt;Personally my main goal in life is to never be passive in anything I do, I want to change things on a grand scale, yet I find there are a couple different ways to do so.

Wouldn't this be J, not P? Like, textbook definition?MPDG

They are aberrations that use a third choice on each of the four dichotomies:

They are both introverted and extroverted, at the most inconvenient times. This is described as neither introverted nor extroverted, but **Manic**.  
They don't take in information intuitively *or* sensibly. In fact, they don't ever take information in at all. Instead, they are pre-loaded with all the information they need to make their cookie-cutter characters. This is referred to as **Pixie**.  
Instead of making decisions with *Feeling* or *Thinking*, they often make decisions based on their dreams or the dreams of others. Thus, instead of **T** or **F**, they use the letter **D** for **Dream**.  
Finally, they don't present themselves in a typical **P** or **J** fashion. They don't come off with much personality at all, other than the fact that they are a love interest for another character. So they are often referred to as **Girl**.

Hence, MPDG = Manic, Pixie, Dream, Girl.Wow, that's a pretty judgey thing to say about INTJs You don't know me Stay away from meI'm not usually one for conspiracy theories, but I swear you're trying to develop a code that us Intuiting Thinkers can't even begin to wrap our minds around.This article was a roller coaster. In the end, the guy was being a jerk and was not productive, but there's a lot going on in the larger picture.

First off, they literally gave this guy *all* the work. They even justify this under the section where they list all the reasons that Rick's presence was "destructive."

&gt;First, he created a cult of dependence. Any problem eventually became a Rick problem, a myth he encouraged. Developers learned to stop trying and just wait for Rick.

This is a disgusting way to pass the buck. The project stopped being a team project and that is in no way Rick's responsibility to take care of. Management is there for a reason: to *manage* the team. If the team stops working as a team and giving all their work to one guy, it's not the job of that one guy to say "no, lets work as a team, stopping giving me your work." It's management's job to nip that in the bud before it gets out of control.

The management presented in this story is atrocious. At least they tried to remedy the situation and did a pretty good job at it, but they should have never let it get that far.INTJs [do things.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMvYJsjwT3Y)

INTPs [think about what it would be like if they did things.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAUOPHqx5Gs)

^^^^(is ^^^a ^^^joke)My first thought too when he was describing what he does is that he's more of a J than a P. He appreciates problem-solving. He does say that he loves to understand how things work, though, so maybe still P.

However, his dscription of how he comes to understand a concept sounds much more like an S than an N. I'd say ISTJ.Watch a movie or TV show that is more """""cerebral"""" than average. A show that "trusts its viewers." I watch Westworld with three other people, there are two intuiters and two sensors. The sensors are constantly talking and asking clarification questions during the show. They need to soak up every detail to understand everything that is going on, and a misheard line or even an actor's facial expression that isn't explicitly explained will elicit a verbal question from them. Myself and the other intuiter prefer to wait until a scene or an episode or even the whole season is complete so we can understand things from "the big picture" rather than getting caught up in the details.

This leads the sensors in our group to spot things that we wouldn't, but it also leads them to overthink little things and get really confused by the overall narrative.YMMV, but that's my experience. It's not even just something as cerebral as a Nolan film. My wife is constantly asking me what a line of dialogue was that she had just missed, and I realized I don't know what the dialogue was, so I can't repeat it. I tend to just take in the meaning and intent of the dialogue and instantly fit it into the context of the entire scene or plot and form a big-picture understanding. She won't settle for that. She has to know the particulars of every word of every line in order to understand a show like Luke Cage or Lost in Space.Carol Dweck wrote about two diametrical mindsets that people have when it comes to experiences, challenges, social perception, and, ultimately, success. [This chart](http://dailygenius.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fixedmindset1.jpg) sums up the "two mindsets" and [this article](https://www.brainpickings.org/2014/01/29/carol-dweck-mindset/) has a little more information on the author.

I am curious about whether (or, how much) someone's MBTI type will affect which mindset they posses. A friend and I have found that this is a clear delineation between us. I am an INTJ-A and [the right side of the Mindset chart](http://dailygenius.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fixedmindset1.jpg) describes me to a tee. She is an ISFJ-T and [the left side](http://dailygenius.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fixedmindset1.jpg) describes *her* to a tee.

Do any other INTJs relate to the right side? Do any other ISFJs relate to the left side? Do any INTJs/ISFJs relate to the opposite side as me or my friend? Any other types want to weigh in on where they find themselves?I was wondering what MBTI types the two main characters from *The Other Guys* would be, or if it's even possible to type them. Is Allen Gamble just a crazy Wil Ferrell character that defies typing due to inconsistencies? What about Mark Wahlberg's character Terry?

Allen Gamble reminded me of a character who was in a couple episodes of Doctor Who: Rory William's dad, played by Mark Williams. They are both very open to suggestion, doing what is asked of them to the letter and with extreme diligence, not showing any negative emotions at all, but not, in particular, showing much positivity to it either.

Mr. Williams from Doctor Who doesn't have his character expanded much in his two appearances, but we know a lot about Allen Gamble. He shows the same kind of meticulous diligence to his job. To an outside observer, it would appear that he absolutely *loves* doing menial tasks, but in reality that's just from a lack of negative reactions, and his actual reaction is quite neutral. This work ethic is complemented by a strong moral compass, as indicated by his revulsion towards his history with pimping in college. Seemingly contradictory to this moral fiber is his interest in story-songs that he partakes in at the pub. Despite their morally repugnant content, he loves them, claiming that they are "full of rich history."  
Small pieces of his personality shine through. He is particularly observant/empathetic of interests other people have, to the point of missing the larger picture. When the goon is threatening them he says "There are three things I love in this world: Kylie Minogue, small dimples just above a woman's buttocks, and the fear in a man's eye when he know's I'm about to hurt him.", Allen interrupts after the "dimples" remark to say "beautiful features" in agreement. When Allen and Terry are being bribed by the official they are trying to charge, he seems very susceptible to the tokens, fixating on the cucumber water and gushing about Jersey Boys. He is particularly sensitive to his boss' accidental TLC references. It's like he easily misses the larger picture of what is happening in any given situation, but when something is mentioned that he shares an interest in, he latches onto it.

His partner, Mark Wahlberg's "Terry" is much more consistent. He is highly emotive and has his own incredibly strong moral compass, although his seems to be more strongly biased. His morality is his own. Not that he is selfish, just that he probably has less self-control to stop and question whether his own beliefs and motives are really the best. Allen had the mental fortitude to question his own life choices in college and do a 180 for his own sake and for that of his wife's. Terry seems like he is a strong believer in his own moral compass and has trouble seeing morality from a third-person perspective like Allen does.  
Whereas Allen might take a punishment by saying "that's fair," Terry is very sensitive to *any* wrong done to him. Whether it's a demotion at work, a denial to do a task he very much wants to do, or his girlfriend leaving him, he works tirelessly to undo the wrongs done to him. What stops him from becoming a selfish villain is his motivation to repair the wrongs through his own abilities, strength, and growth, and *not* a motivation to "get back at" or punish someone else who may be seen as responsible for his circumstances. He gets mad at the two big-shot cops for getting the "cool" cases, but he responds by doggedly pursuing the next "hotshot" call that comes up. He is upset that his girlfriend left him, but his response is not petty; he actually practices ballet in a desperate attempt to reconnect with her.

I'm sorry if this is very wrong. I know it's kind of silly to try to pick apart characters from a rather absurd screwball comedy like this one, but Allen's personality got me thinking, particularly after watching the Doctor Who episodes with Rory's dad. (If anyone knows the character I'm talking about, please let me know if he shows signs of using any particular functions).That's fair.I get to the finish line of a conversation and then just kinda zone out while everyone catches up because they have to stop and take pictures of all the detailsSounds like a problem for people with weak-ass Ni. Mom warned me about people like you and how they would do nothing but bring me down.  
/sPeople change change, their moods affect how they process and use information, how willing they are to engage in interpersonal or extrapersonal activities. The belief that people are one strict type and represent extreme sides of these four dichotomies is the #1 reason that MBTI is not accepted as a legitimate theory.Me, an intuitive: "Oh hey, I recently learned how to do this better. Here, let me show you."  
Sensors: "sTOp juDgInG me!"You don't need a superiority complex to be superior. It just be like that.I think the main difference that *really* draws a dividing line is that astrology starts with an assumption, assuming that someone's personally will be dictated by their time of birth, while MBTI starts with collection of evidence before making the assumption (i.e. studying your preferences with introspection or a quiz or whatever before making an assumption).

One is trying to predict someone's personality based on evidence that is *wholly separate* from their personality. The other is labeling their personality after *careful study* of that personality.

It's like two approaches to studying a newly discovered species of animal. One scientist (the astrologer) says: "Since we first discovered this species in October, I predict that the species will be a type of amphibian." The other scientist observes the species for a time and then says: "Based on the attributes of the species that I have discovered, I believe it should be labeled as a type of marsupial."Yeah, watch any video or read any article that sets out to denounce MBTI. There is inevitably a comparison to astrology, because they are both things that people look to for an easy way to predict their personalities. But that's pretty much like comparing "occupational therapy" to "refusing vaccines" because they are both ways that people have developed to deal with autism.Hey, any other ENFPs want to come in here and assure me that this isn't typically the sort of thing I could expect? I don't want to stereotype based off of one childish post.I apologize. I didn't get the joke. I know it will "kill" the joke by explaining it, but do you mind explaining it?Can't relate.
I have tested multiple times in INTJ and ISTJ so i guess my answer for this post is confused.I haven't tried one but I'll test this one out. Thanks!
