Have you considered our lord and savior,  ISFJ?Yes.  I think everyone wants to be prioritized, even a little bit. Wanting the group harmony doesn't negate that. 

I can be SO happy that my kids got awesome Christmas gifts from the family, while simultaneously jealous that the gift to me wasn't thoughtful.  I won't voice those feelings, but they are there100% accurate for me.&gt;  the realization that nothing you’ve said for the last fourteen months have even been processed by their brains

Oh god yes&gt; Sometimes, I am super jealous of SJs. Like, they know what they want to do, how they percieve life, the goals of their own being, while I, suffering from intense existential dread, taking 15 minutes or more to save 15 percent or more on figuring out which car insurance I should have.

I've been known to spend 15 minutes staring at shampoo trying to decide which to buy so idk where you got this idea of SJs hahaI don't *appear* socially anxious, I think. One of my coworkers said she was surprised I'm an introvert. Small talk, chit-chat are very easy for me. However I'm very socially anxious. I replay conversations in my head, both before &amp; after they happen. I procrastinate conversations, phone calls, emails, everything. 

Husband is INFP, and is socially anxious as well. So, we're super fun and don't go anywhere or do anything ever. ISFJ here.  I enjoy small talk, hate talking about anything for extended periods of time because it feels like in hogging up the conversation, love having goofy people around to open me up,  and enjoy the frivolous discussions regarding celebrities. 

Not saying that means you aren't ISFJ, but I don't really identify with anything you've said hereIdk, really. I procrastinate because I'm a bit of a perfectionist and like being able to feel like I "couldn't" do my best work/beat myself up over the fact that I wasn't doing my best work. I do need external motivation unless I can somehow find an internal push, like a deadline and someone actually checking up. If I set a deadline myself, no big deal because I'm only letting myself down.

I've been reading [Better than Before] (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NRQOR8K/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&amp;btkr=1) and am definitely an [Obliger](http://gretchenrubin.com/happiness_project/2014/03/quiz-are-you-an-upholder-a-questioner-a-rebel-or-an-obliger/), and I kind of wonder what each MBTI type would be on that scale.I do love those grass PokemonI think I'm the last person associated with dancing in publicSee, this made me go "Yes! Ti!" Then I read Te and went...wait, that's me too?Well, I'm not all [*tradition!*](http://imgur.com/gallery/aeNPW13) but I wouldn't say nothing like me.

Honestly every time I read someone's explanation of the functions, I go "hmm, that sounds like me. Oh yeah, that sounds like me." Except Ni &amp; Se. Never Ni or Se.ISFJ

Logic/math

Language

Self
This description makes me think I have Fi and my husband has Fe, based on descriptions of consolation.  Wtf.Nah the reactions to people being hurt.  I'm very much more "that sucks" and my husband is the the "How dare they!"Haha well he's actually acted like that. I told him that I felt bad that I hurt someone's feelings and he was just like "How dare they make you feel bad when you weren't trying to make them feel bad!"

Idk, I guess that shows me as more Fe and him as more Fi. 

Telling the difference between the functions is super hard for me. I feel like the more I try the more confused I get.Why...why am I an olive?Can't confirm, I'm the teacherGo to class. Take notes. Remember what was said and pass the test.

Until Calc 2, then I actually had to do all of the homework to do well. And then proofs and combinatorics fucked with me as well. So I had to get strategic about studying. I wasn't a fan though and stopped whenever possible.It's kind of blurry,  really.  Kind of like my dreams. I usually can't see exact details, as if there's oil smeared on the lens of the camera Same here.  I'm more happy and carefree, I think.  More confident.ISFJs are always thought to be conservative, but I'm extremely liberal.I will crush anyone who stands in my wayI (ISFJ) don't like to "break the rules." However, my coworker is *such* a rule follower that even I'm staring at him going "It's okay, dude. We don't have to inform the boss of every.single.decision. that we make."

I'm thinking he's extraverted based on the fact he's a party planner/social butterfly, but he's also such a people pleaser that I'm left scratching my head at him. 
So how does the intuitive pattern linking differ from the ability to relate to things you've seen in the past with Si? 

Edit: this was meant for the original comment, but it still stands here I suppose.I'm an ISFJ and I've fallen in love with two ENFPs. I know INFJs and ENFPs seem like a better match but the ENFPs evoke in emotion in me that no one else ever does. They know how to captivate and I love that. I think the thing with us is that we value the security of a stable relationship while ENFPs like that a little less. I think it can work though, I just need to work on my communication. The early months are always like serious flash in the pan. Third time lucky!So he thinks Radiohead = INTP?

edit: just got to the rap bit now I'm confused.I'm an ISFJ that is always falling in love with ENFPs. I'm not sure it works or not.. willing to persevere. Hey I'll try this too! I know I'm an ISFJ but I feel like sometimes I don't share the same quirks.

**Q1.**

Absolutely need to be a lone after spending time with people, even my closest friends. I don't let other people's emotions 'encroach' onto mine per se, but I definitely know what someone is thinking and feeling. Often more than not I will tear up if I see someone else crying.

**Q2.**

I am definitely always in my head rather than my body.. I'm working on this. I don't have trouble being in the moment (as long as I'm prepared to be in it hahaha...)

**Q3.**

Yes this is me, to both detriment and positivity. It is what contributes to my problems with love I feel, at least with those I've had strong feelings for.

**Q4.**

I am to an extent, but I think I am a realist at heart and always have a feeling for what is tried and true. I love looking into theories but I will never *love* them until I know they have a possibility of being proven! I guess that means I'll never be a mad scientist!

**Q5.**

I'm not into history so much, but more into how we have come to what we are today (is that the same). I keep a journal on some things. I used to for my feelings but I found that I didn't want to read it ever, so what was the point?

I am absolutely in love with music, it's pretty much all I do. I started with Piano and Violin, moved to guitar and now pretty much anything I can get my hands on. I was DJing for a while but realised I couldn't keep up with the party and social lifestyle. No regrets now though as I have got an amazing record collection from the years which will always be there for me. 

As for who I am attracted to, I've found I love extroverted and fun women, mainly because I feel they bring the sides out of me that I can't myself. Definitely fall for the types that show an interest in me one-on-one and if I can feel them feeling me. It's hard to explain. I would prefer them to be intellectual but that would come second to how they treated me and how I felt with them. Really I just gauge how excited and fuzzy I get being near them. 

**Q6.**

Anxiety. Yes. But I feel like everyone goes through varying stages of it in their lives. It's not just us. Although I do feel petty sometimes as I can't communicate why I won't do something or why I feel horrible.I'm sure it's only the ones you've encountered so far... We all have a type.. Just got to keep pursuing! Yeah you sound like an ISFJ, a lot like me actually.I wanted to join the yellow one, but my brother already did so I joined Mystic.Usually impending anxiety on events that are in the very near future.
No one gives a fuck about sticky threads with questions in any subreddit.

I don't know why is it still a popular option to solve things.

If anything I'd make a /r/mbti-typing.Great. I don't see any problem with redirecting people to that subreddit instead. 2 days and 5 comments? That sounds great to me. Single threads for each feels much more personal than a single thread with dozen of posts asking to be typed.That's what a sticky thread will achieve(*No one subscribes to them and no one posts there*). And as /u/critsrc linked, /r/My_mbti_type seems pretty active, to me.Sounds more like a personal problem to me, judging by your post history and attitude.I meant you.&gt; ie: walks slowly = Introvert

what does it have to do with anything? You'd mistype me following that.&gt;This personality type craves personal peace. Any type of confusion or disarray causes stress for ISFJs.

&gt; There is no give and take if they are pressured to compromise their strong beliefs and values. No matter how stressed they are, ISFJs will not buckle under this type of strain.

&gt; Disloyalty, disorganization and failure of others to meet their moral standards are also common stressors for ESFJs.

[I guess.](http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/f2/f27f44c2b0fc52af33d393b42948e43a6bec143c55411c5782bd7ac7413e87c1.jpg)&gt;and they will fall for u

just this sentence made me disregard the rest of it.

---

&gt; EDIT: well there's some asshole on here down voting every comment just because they disagree with their types description, guess what buddy ALMOST EVERY COMMENT ON HERE AGREES SUCK IT!!!

calm down.You have so many better things to do in Tokyo and you want to build an MBTI community and meet-ups? Over a funny personality theory?

ISFJ. [8/10 on my own definition of kinky scale, I think, and a soft example.](https://vgy.me/PTLhBS.jpg)For me it goes up to 11/10. At 11 there is scat, watersports, serious ageplay with diapers, zoophilia, and so on.

10 is flesh hooks.

I can't really name what's at 9, but it feels a bit too high for me. 8 feels perfect.Are you proud of yourself for saying that, even though you may be right?I don't know how anyone can be a pathetic worm like you.I don't look like an ISFJ at all according to that. More like INTJ/ISTPBecause it would be boring for the majority of people, and I feel like people think a bit differently when it comes to games. I choose options that benefit me, or my gameplay the most.

Example:

Mass Effect - I'd not normally punch a news reporter, but it's just pleasant to do so in the game when given the option to do so.What is something that you've learned about each other that greatly helped with communication, compromising, and generally living in harmony?No worries! Thank you for your lengthy response.I don't like MBTI because of the community.The MBTI community is filled with a lot of immature know-it-alls which I'd say is the most bothering part. 

If I were to try and change that, I'd try to underline how the information should serve as a guide, not as the secret key to figuring out everyone.

I don't feel my answer in general is really that relevant, but I thought I'd throw my 2 cents as an ISFJ.&gt; tongue-in-cheek

Jokes on you. 

I'm the one who offends people.

And no, thank you. All of the mentioned activities are extremely boring. I'd rather bake cookies.&gt;ISFJ: A few pieces of grass inside the inside of your car is not grounds for vacuuming the entire car.

Literally the least insulting. Can't even trash talk properly.[Now we're talking.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTM_Zb6g2j0)Out of everything listed, Witcher 3 is my favorite.

ENTP is literally my functions, just reverted. Interesting.

ISFJ Si Fe Ti Ne

ENTP Ne Ti Fe Si

---

**EDIT** The fact that people feel Zelda and Animal Crossing are most SFJ games makes me slightly question my type. I can't stand them, especially the latter.Oh don't worry, I didn't mean it that seriously! But I find myself questioning my type often due to differences like that, although I know it's not what matters.You are so insecure it hurts.I'm isfj. You are extremely off. Check my Reddit history and you'll see.

I only use facebook because my friends do, I don't post anything in there. Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat are for children.If there's a will, there's a way.**ISFJ** - religious, hates change, uncreative, cannot improvise.I'm good with any change if it's for the better. Sure, it's uncomfortable, but I don't hate it, nor dislike it. 

No one likes stepping out of their comfort zone, but it's necessary. Shove [ISFJ: Sims] up your ass. Give me Devil May Cry or Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance.
Ahaha well I've considered other types as well, but it was easier to figure out that I wasn't any of those on my own.

Thanks, I'll watch this now! :)Currently think I'm an ISFJ. Could be ESFJ though (not because I think I'm socially extraverted, which I'm not, but more so because I don't think my Si is dominant...but who knows, it could be). My understanding of the functions is a mess atm, for all I know I could even be something completely different.

So anyone have any ideas?You don't think his Te is higher?I'm not too sure he's a feeler tbh. He mentioned having problems identifying what he's feeling which doesn't seem like something a high F user would have problems with. He's so driven to make an impact. He seems to have this vision of changing the world and is relentless in achieving it, which is why I thought Ni-Te. That might not be exclusively indicative of Te though, but I *also* think he's extremely objective and capable of setting his feelings aside from an issue. He seems to rely heavily on gathering facts as well and generally takes a logical approach (I'm thinking of one of his recent videos specifically, but it's evident throughout the majority of them anyway). 

I don't think he's a high F user because he's mentioned he has trouble explaining what he's feeling, which is something I don't think a high F user would have problems with. 

What makes you think his Fi is so strong?Well for what it's worth, I'm considering the possibility of being an ESFJ and I'm *very* interested in mbti (obsessed is probably a better description tbh).

But yeah, I don't know why there aren't many here either...Thanks! :) &gt;What's your thought on that all? It's a bit long and oddly smashed together but maybe it makes sense somehow somewhere.

I think you explained it really well. I was working under the assumption that Fi users were hyper aware of their emotions, but obviously that seems to be wrong now. IxTJ sounds good, but i guess it's hard to know with certainty. I usually listen to songs for the melody as opposed to the lyrics. But there are some songs where I listen to the lyrics, especially on my "emo days" xD 
E.g. 
The Created Void - Underoath: I can sort of relate to this when I'm in a depressed mood, since I'm just shit at expressing myself haha. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB1kxBf7nRU

Beautiful - Eminem: I can relate to this too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTa14Sui7mw  

There's more but I don't want to make the list too long. 

I'm xSFJ btw.I feel the same way tbh, but my obsession is probably not going to die down any time soon...I actually did consider that at one stage, but nah I don't think so. I can just never find the words I'm looking for most of the time. I know them, but I can't think of/ remember them in the moment so it's really shit.&gt;For me I genuinely don't believe in the concept of right and wrong(technically you cannot prove something is inherently right or wrong)

I understand what you mean, it's a human construct so technically it's entirely subjective (that's what you're getting at, right?). But there are certain things that would make me feel like absolute sh.t if i did them, and that is how i define whether something is morally good or bad (well, it's not *that* simple, there's obviously other factors in play, but just for the sake of simplicity). I also think about if it were me in their position and how it would make me feel. 

Like, you mentioned you can't prove something is inherently right or wrong, but that depends on *how* you're trying to measure it. If you trying to prove/measure it with equations or whatever then yeah it's going to be hard to find whether something is inherently right or wrong. But what if you defined it simply by measuring the effect it has on people? As in, if a certain action is likely to cause a person harm, then you could define that action as inherently wrong using that method, and vice versa.

&gt;I often laugh at stuff that most Fe or Fi users would describe as "disgusting". And I find absolutely nothing wrong with it.

So is this because of how you have chosen to define morality? Or is it a problem with being unable to empathise?Well it may be subjective, but it can still have a right or wrong answer. Maybe not in an objective sense where it applies to everyone, but on a more personal level (although I think a lot of people will be able to agree on what constitutes a morally good/bad action in everyday life, but yeah not on more controversial matters like capital punishment and abortion etc.) I think each person comes up with their own definition of morality and rolls with that (that's just my opinion though). 

So how have you defined morality then? And what method are you trying to measure morality with? (E.g I said I try to see how it would make me feel if I were in their position and base my answer off of that outcome). 

Because I'm thinking it's the way you've defined morality/how you measure it that's making it hard for you to see whether an action is morally right/wrong. Your initial premise was that you genuinely don't believe in the concept of right and wrong, but you've just provided what you believe constitutes as something that's right or wrong. By your definition of morality, there *is* such a thing as right and wrong. It may not be universally applicable, but *you* believe in it.

So you do have a sense of morality/what's right and wrong, it's just different from everyone else's. i doubt he's an ST, but thanks for your input. Yeah I know he meant foresight. I guess it's just a normal human thing then. Thanks Wow, I would have *never* considered ESTJ. I'm doubtful that's his actual type, but then again my knowledge of MBTI is not very solid. ThanksAh alright, you're the first person that's said it's Ni. Thanks for your input.Thanks for this information, I didn't know this.can you please explain how you came to that conclusion?can you please explain why you think so?Thanks for your input! Some of the people in this thread seem to think I have Fe and Si instead of Fi and Se. Is it okay if you elaborate a little bit more on where you saw evidence of Fi and Se and why you don't think it's actually Fe and Si instead? Yeah I'm having a lot of trouble identifying whether I use Si or Se and Fi or Fe. I was talking to someone that explained Se as wanting to get the most objective experience possible, whereas Si is more focused on the impressions they get from the experience. So using that definition, Si seems more likely than Se. But what if the subjective impressions stem from Fi-Se? Or is that not possible? 

Another thing that confuses me is the sources explaining Se's love for a diverse range of experiences and Si's desire to indulge in familiar experiences. I think I would relate more to Se in this case. Like, once I get used to something (whether it be a song, type of food etc.) it will become unsatisfying to me and I'll want to find something different. But at the same time, I like revisiting things that used to be important to me, but yeah only if I don't remember much about them, because then they will seem more novel to me.

With Fe and Fi, I don't focus on how everyone is feeling, I ultimately focus on how I'm coming across to others. Also, when I'm trying to empathise/sympathise with others, I generally try to put myself in their shoes and see how I would feel if I were them, or if I were in their position. Is that still indicative of Fe?

&gt;Also I thought I was the only one who did this haha:

Haha nice to know someone can relate!I should have mentioned that I won't actively try to control my surroundings, I think it's more accurate to say that I adapt to the situation. If someone asks me a question and the true answer could offend them, then I'll answer with something else or change the subject. Otherwise, I don't really feel the need to impose myself on anyone/anything. I think of my approach like walking in a super messy room packed with furniture/things on the floor and me trying to walk around it all instead of actively moving any of it (unless something hits me in the face xD). 

Also, you mentioned Se. Can you explain why you don't think that could be higher? And you attributed Ne to daydreaming, but I think a large majority of the introverted functions would be susceptible to this as well (I'm trying to get the most objective view possible, so I'm asking everyone to explain in as much detail as they can).

&gt;You might not be ESFJ, or ISFJ, for that matter, I was just answering out of the framework you gave me. Good luck with typing yourself! :)

Thank you so much for your response, I really appreciate it! &gt;You seem Fi to me, especially being hyper-aware of how you come across, and focusing on how different situations affect YOU. Fi's can certainly care about what others think of them, but it's more of a self-consciousness than anything, which you seem to have. 

This is why I thought I had Fi initially as well. But if you ask me about my morals/values, I won't be able to tell you them because I don't know what they are. And I thought high Fi users would be *very* aware of their own personal morals, as they're constantly refining them (like Ti is constantly refining their inner logical framework). So yeah that's the biggest thing holding me back from thinking I have dom Fi. What do you think of this?

Also, is it okay if you explain why you think I use Se instead of Si?I don't really trust the accuracy of online tests very much, but here are my results (I put them in order from strongest to weakest):
Fi: 44.7
Te: 32.4
Se: 31.6 
Ti: 29.3
Si: 28.5
Ne: 28.4
Fe: 25.4
Ni: 20.3I've always been really good at spelling. And, I don't wanna brag, but I'm kind of okay at guitar hero. 

EDIT: Should probably mention my type lol (ISFJ).Wow this is so elaborate, thanks for putting in all this effort to do this! 

I'm worried I may have subconsciously written my answers in favour of Se and Fi, because the thought of being a type that is so disliked on the Internet (ESFJ) is kind of shit haha. Everything I wrote is definitely true, but I could have left out information that is more related to Si and Fe. I *do* relate to Si and Ne, my memory is just not that great (and I'm not the best at brainstorming). My only basis for Se seemed to be that I like new sensory experiences, but now that I think about it more I don't see how that can't apply to SFJ's. 

That paragraph where you said you noticed Ni, is there any chance that could have been Ne instead? (Or possibly even enneagram related?) 

Also, is it okay if you explain how Fe manifests for you? Because I can't really relate to being an emotional sponge, or being overly hospitable (but I'm only 18 so who knows what I'll be like in the future). But, I do get second-hand embarrassment and stuff like that. Haha that was really long and detailed, but I seriously appreciate it! 

I don't think I am an ENFJ. I can generally interpret symbolism and I like to plan for my future, but that doesn't seem very indicative of type (also I don't think I'm as good at reading people as they are haha). 

I'm leaning more towards ESFJ, but I'm still considering other options as well. I'm fairly introverted socially, so the idea of being ESFJ is a bit strange in that regard (but I have to remember that the extraversion doesn't refer to social extroversion I guess). 

I don't really know what else to say, but if I think of something I'll reply here. 

Thanks again!
This is so hard! XD 
I can relate to a lot of the comments I've seen you make around the subreddit so maybe I do have Fi. But it *could* just be an enneagram thing. But yeah I have no idea. 

Another thing that gets me is Se and their awareness of the environment. Mine is pretty shit tbh, but I can focus on things around me if I concentrate (but even then I often get lost in my thoughts unintentionally). 

&gt;Fi is also about paying attention to your own feelings and personal likes and dislikes. For example, maintaining harmony because conflict makes you feel bad, vs because it makes the environment or others feel bad. 

Yeah I relate to this. Would you consider yourself an emotional sponge? And do you experience stuff like second-hand embarrassment when you're watching shows? 
Thanks for your help! I originally heard about MBTI in school, and I  decided to learn more about it a year later because I heard it can help with determining potential careers (but I know now that part is bullshit...so that's great). I was told not to rely on the tests, so I mainly looked at descriptions of the 4 letters and typed myself that way (I got ISFP when I did that). I looked up my type in forums to learn more about it and see what real ISFP's were like, and I started seeing stuff about cognitive functions. So then I learned those, but still had no real reason to doubt my type or anything. A few months ago I started to consider I could have gotten my type wrong, and now I'm here I guess. There are a few isfjs in my life, and I generally get along with all of them. But sometimes I feel like they're too hesitant to try new things and it kind of annoys me xD but overall we get along. Wow that whole post is me. Like, all of it. I asked if u were an emotional sponge because I don't relate to that and I thought maybe that would be a Fi thing. But you said yourself that you don't experience that either. 

Ok *one* more question (sorry xD). How do you relate to inferior Te/what does it mean for you? lol fk it. I'm ISFP now. Thanks for tolerating all my questions hahaha.  oh good :)
Yeah i related to a lot of it. Even down to organising little things. e.g. I like formatting my notes/comments/posts etc. neatly and in ways that are easy to read. I've also organised my games in order of their release dates xD OH, and i write heaps of lists. I'm not very good at being productive either, and I really admire people that are super productive. There's more but I dont want to write too much. 

I was a little unsure about Si/Se, but I think Si can be confused with Fi-Se at times. And like, my memory is super shit. If i was an ISFJ, I'd be a crappy one lol.  I'm pretty good at it. I buy food a lot though, but I still end up earning more than I spend so it works out.I'm the kid that shows up 10 mins late to class because they couldn't be bothered waking up early enough to catch the train they knew would get them there 20 mins early, and instead decided to catch the one that would get them there exactly when class starts, hoping there would be no delays.

Then when I finally arrive, I frantically look around the room looking for any remaining seats that aren't next to anyone and take the first one i see. If I can't find any, I just sit next to the person I'm closest to so that they don't get offended and think I didn't want to sit next to them (I know it's dumb but this is all truth).Yeah true, but I have to determine which seat that is on the first day haha. 

Ah that's pretty good, I'd probably be able to do that if I wasn't so lazy. But aside from that I generally manage to get to places exactly on the dot (I hate waiting).When I'm reading, I'll ignore the detailed info about what the settings look like in favour of how I think they are. E.g. If they say it's a blue room with a brown desk, an image will appear in my head of what it looks like and then that image will be used for that room forever, even if they add details about it later (it's not voluntary). 

But, like you, reading does become a lot like watching a movie when I get into the flow of it. When I remember books I've read, I replay the moments that happened like they're scenes in a movie. So that's cool too. Well, this whole day was pretty 'spur of the moment' kind of thing. My cousin called me randomly and we ended up in the city. Now it's 11:35pm and I'm sleeping over at her house. I originally went over for dinner, but I ended up staying longer so eh. Tomorrow we're gonna get breakfast and then I have to go home. There's a festival thing in the city that I might go to though, I'll see how I feel tomorrow. 

This is pretty atypical. I'm usually at home all day on my computer, so it's nice to do stuff for once.I'm ISFJ. I've always thought INTJ's were really cool. Somehow they always end up being my favourite characters in shows.ISFJ. Gryffindor ftw!! I like your idea and it definitely makes things a lot easier. But, like others have said, I personally think it makes MBTI less interesting. 

The cognitive functions are interesting because they attempt to *explain* cognition and the reasons behind certain behaviours. And these definitions are less clearly defined because cognition is such a difficult concept to grasp. But the subjectiveness encourages discussion and sharing of people's perspectives.

However, the big 5 (and this new theory) are just categorising the behaviours themselves, instead of trying to explain why they occur. In my opinion, this doesn't really encourage as much discussion between others because there's less to discuss; everything becomes obvious and concrete. And what *is* left to discuss is ultimately uninteresting. 

Additionally, you're trying to change a system that focuses on measuring cognition into one that only measures behaviour. But if your intention is to create a system that only measures behaviour, then you've succeeded. I'm not denying that the cognitive functions need a lot of improvement. There are definitely problems when it comes to the over-idealisation of certain functions, like Ni. But that doesn't mean we should get rid of them entirely. We just need to focus on improving the definitions and getting rid of these false biases. 

And we need to make it clearer to new people that having a particular set of functions is in *no* way superior to having a different set of functions. It needs to be clearer that they just measure cognition and preference, not behaviour and ability. (Mum is ISFJ and Dad is ISTP)

My mum is very, *very* supportive about everything I do. As a kid this made me think I was really good at things I was just okay at, and i think it made me a bit arrogant (I make a conscious effort to be much more modest now). But the worst thing is that now I think I actually seek out approval and compliments when I do stuff, and I feel like I'm terrible at it if I don't get the response I'm looking for. But of course I'm not certain this has anything to do with my mum, it could just be something that was inevitably going to develop. 

As for my dad, I think he balanced out my mum. In areas where she would be extremely supportive, he would be very distant. I spent a lot of time around my mum when I was young though (now it's the opposite haha). 

But I love them both heaps and they're really great people. I'm old enough to sort out my own issues so i don't think it would be fair to blame them entirely for these things. Wew! 
Aw thanks man :) wish i knew some ENFJ's in real life, they're probably really cool people! I love nostalgia. I don't lose myself in it though, and I don't wish for things to go back to how they were (I'm very conscious of the fact that we look to the past with rose-coloured glasses). But re-discovering stuff from my past that I haven't seen in ages feels really...cozy? Idk, it's a nice feeling. Same with watching shows/playing games I used to love. I think of myself as an easygoing person, but people are always telling me I'm too serious.... And again, I think I'm approachable, but I don't know if I come across that way. Yeah that happens to me. If I don't remember the instructions exactly (and I haven't done something in ages) I'll *feel* like I'm meant to do a particular thing next. And it's usually right. Basically, stuff always reminds me of other stuff. I like to think of Si as recognition/association (instead of free recall). 

The recognition is prompted by external stimuli. I could look at a random object in the street and be reminded of something I haven't thought about for years. Never gotten drunk tbh (never actually had alcohol either)Ayee hi 5 haha I prefer people to give me my own space when I've had a bad day. If I've had a bad day I probs won't want to talk about it.Summer! I love the sun, and I hate being cold. I thought I was ISFP for ages (and then INFP for a bit) for very similar reasons. But you can do these things and still be an SJ.

For example, I'm a very messy and disorganised person, I'm pretty lazy, I don't give a single shit about following tradition and I wouldn't describe myself as someone that always goes out of their way to help others either.

But I'm still certain I'm an ISFJ. 

Just forget what you think Si is (tradition, neatness, stick up ass, stubbornness, fear of change). That's not Si. People with Si *can* exhibit these traits sure, but I wouldn't say that a lack of these traits means you don't have Si. 

Instead, think of Si as **associations** and **impressions**. It's a way of seeing the world, and people with dom Si are always finding things that are associated with something they've seen/learned/experienced in the past in some way. 

E.g 
"This game really reminds me of this other game I've played." 

"This song makes me think of (insert game/show/person/event/book/or any other past experience)."

"Oh I remember building a table like this once. I think I did x, y, z last time. I wonder if that can be applied to this situation." 

"Every time I've tried oranges I've hated them. But maybe i should try one again just in case I change my opinion."

I can't really shed any information on INTP, but hopefully this has helped a bit? 

People that always talk over me or just constantly monologue. Like, m8, it's not a conversation if you're the only one that gets to speak. 

(This probs isn't my *biggest* pet peeve, but it annoys me)I kind of know what you mean. My dad's an ISTP and he used to smoke when he was younger. He told me that he got over it by saying he was going to stop at a certain date in the future. When that date came, he just stopped smoking completely and never went back. 

This is unrelated to the smoking thing, but I think I know of a reason for this discipline you describe. My dad always says to just be in the moment of whatever it is you're doing (to be completely absorbed in a task). With that mindset, I think it would be much easier to stay focused compared to those that are thinking about all the things they could be doing instead. And I think that focused mindset is a Se thing? Wow that's the first time I've heard someone type okabe as an esfp. I always thought he was such an entp.I guess I'll never be 100% certain, but I'm pretty sure I'm an ISFJ. I thought i was an ISFP for the longest time, but looking back I realise it doesn't fit as well as I thought it did. 

For me, I realised I didn't have a very good grasp on the functions at all, even though I thought I did. So learning more about what were just stereotypes and what was actually relevant helped me realise what my actual type was. 
I would probably ask "would I enjoy what lies ahead for me after my death?" 

If they said yes then I'd be incredibly relieved. I think about it a lot, and to hear that I would be happy with whatever comes after death would be so amazing and freeing. I wouldn't need to know what it is specifically. To know that I'd be happy is enough.

But if they said no, then I'd probably live in a perpetual state of fear of the unknown hell that's waiting for me... Yeah but it could make me *unimaginably* happy. 

And I guess the way I posed the question left out specifics, so I would probably find a way to work around the answer if it's no. Because maybe it'll just be slightly unpleasant, or maybe it will just be boring. It might not be hellish. And I'll probably cling on to that in order to keep my sanity. 

Plus, I still kind of like knowing what to expect. The ambiguousness of the afterlife (or lack thereof) is pretty frightening in itself.I meant more so about your own mistakes from several years ago popping up randomly. But sympathetic cringing happens to me too haha.Didn't even consider this could be the cause, but I'll look into it more. Thanks Just watched it, was pretty interesting. I've been thinking a lot that death could just be a dreamless sleep. Tbh it's probably one of the better alternatives.Haha true!
No problem! :)Ok, but why do you think ESFP and not ENFP? When I know what to do and how to do it, and when I'm certain that I'm capable of doing what's expected. And if it's enjoyable and doesn't require too much from me. It's the reasons behind these behaviours/traits that would explain whether it's ISFP or ISFJ. Ah, an example of this legit just happened a few minutes ago. 

I just got back from work and there was a random show on tv, and I tried to figure out what it was about without looking at the title/info. I guess I just kind of looked for clues and pieced them together. But I figured it out because of something they said in particular. They said something about renting a slushy machine for a few days and I thought it *must* be that show about weddings. I think it was because I remember seeing a commercial about it recently but yeah idk, it just kind of occurred to me. Nah not the name, just what it was about. And then I walked away because that show's shit xDI definitely focus more on the melody/instruments as opposed to the lyrics. Good lyrics are a bonus though. 

I feel like certain chord progressions/melodies evoke emotions that lyrics just don't. Like, that pit in the stomach kind of feeling.  &gt;Indeed, for a long time I preferred instrumentals and, still, with vocal music the lyrics are often "just a sound." The music itself has to convey emotion, imagery, and whatever mood it's going for. The intonation of the vocals and its key words are end up being the more important element of their effect.

*This*I'd personally like to get something I can use instead of something that's solely sentimental. An upgraded version of something I already have could be cool too, but only in instances where quality is concerned.No, that's unrelated to type. Fe doesn't automatically make you good at interacting with people. What were you suggesting then?

Edit: Is there a reason this was downvoted? I didn't intend for this to seem malicious, it's a genuine question. I think either ISFJ or INFP. It's strange how everyone is correlating ISFJ with a higher frequency of nightmares. I don't have nightmares very often, but I do remember nightmares more strongly than regular dreams. 

My dreams are usually dependent on what I've been doing recently. If I've been studying heaps then I'll dream about things related to studying. If I've been obsessed with a book or show that has a lot of fantasy themes, then I'll have dreams that are very rich in those themes. 

This has started happening a lot more recently, where I'll mistake memories of dreams for events that actually took place in real life. But yeah, that's just because my dreams have been incredibly boring recently.As an ISFJ I just want to say that things like this happen to me too and I thought I was an INFP because of it. But it happens to Si-doms as well. I mainly attribute it to having an introverted dominant function, and thus our attention is focused mainly on ourselves instead of the external world. I'm indifferent towards them. I don't actively try to uphold them or anything, and I'll be annoyed if I'm forced to uphold a tradition that I think is stupid or useless. 

I don't think it's a good idea to attribute Si to tradition. It is more about associations; linking things from your past with things in the present. I am always reminded of things that I've seen before, whether it be from a movie, book, game, life experience etc. and I think this is due to Si. 

Here's something I sent to another redditor about Si that you might find useful:

Think of Si as **associations** and **impressions**. It's a way of seeing the world, and people with dom Si are always finding things that are associated with something they've seen/learned/experienced in the past in some way. 

E.g 
"This game really reminds me of this other game I've played." 

"This song makes me think of (insert game/show/person/event/book/or any other past experience)."

"Oh I remember building a table like this once. I think I did x, y, z last time. I wonder if I can do that with this table too." 

"Every time I've tried oranges I've hated them. But maybe i should try one again just in case I change my opinion."Another thing to remember is that it's not the behaviours themselves, but the *reasons* behind the behaviours. Both an INFP and an ISFJ could do the same thing, but the reason they did it is what differentiates them. 

So think more about *why* you do certain things, not just what you do. Yeah that's the way you should be thinking. So learn more about the cognitive functions and try to see which ones resonate the most with you. And try your absolute hardest to leave out any biases you have (e.g thinking Si-doms are traditional, scared of change, stubborn, typical grandmas etc.) because they are literally just stereotypes that are not accurate at all. 

Good luck! :)Ah yeah I've thought about this a bit. I personally think it would be (this is super stereotypical btw but yeah):
SP: Gryffindor 
NP: Ravenclaw
SJ: Hufflepuff
NJ: Slytherin

But of course, there are too many variables to be able to fit each type perfectly into a house.I wish I was as proactive as the SJ stereotypes would lead you to believe. Too many assignments have been started and completed hours before the due date, it's ridiculous. xD 

EDIT: Oops, didn't see your question. I'd say for me it's just a ceebs thing. I'll do it when it needs to be done. I've found I can't really work on things I'm not interested in, and I need that looming deadline to motivate me to do stuff. Imo the test is bad. I always get INFP even though I'm an ISFJ.Idk I guess the ones with tertiary thinking/feeling.Just curious, but why have you typed L differently to Near?Hm, fair enough. Thanks Grew up Catholic. Around year 9 I thought it didn't seem right, so I became an atheist. Fast forward a few years and now I'm agnostic. 

Imo there's no way to know with absolute certainty what will happen after death, and it surprises me when people believe with confidence that God does/doesn't exist. Like, how can you know?Ah I've done this test twice (once in school and another time with a professional).

First time I got ARISEC and second time I got RAISEC. 

As for correlations with mbti, I can't really say. Despite being an SJ, conventional was always very low for me.Isfj here. Just hoody and jeans really. In summer it's tshirt and jeans. Also I have a lot of dark coloured clothes for some reason (like blacks, greys, dark blues etc.)

Oh and I always wear my converses Always thought Walter was INTJ and Jesse was ISFPI know an xNFP and this is exactly what she's like as well. But she's like my best friend so it's all g haha.Isfp/infp? :oHow did u get so good at drawing? :o And how long have you been drawing for?1. I have about 6-10. I don't talk to them much tho, I spend most of my time in my room.

2. Sun fall down. Lol jks. It has pretty colours and it only lasts for a short time before it's gone. I don't care much for them tho. They're nice and all, but yeah. 

EDIT: I thought u said sunset...oop

3. Depends how close I am with them. But generally I'm not concerned with what someone's wearing. If they like what they're wearing, why does it matter whether I find it appealing or not?

4. Usually on time. Can be late though. haha. nah, ISFPdo u relate to the idea of having strong values? Is it ok if you elaborate a little on that? When you say subconscious, do you mean you don't actively focus on them and they just work in the background? Is it more as though you have a vague idea of what your values are? Would you say they are definitely black and white or more on the grey side? (Just checking if I can relate)Hm. Guess I can relate to that. Thanks What are your interests? (If there's heaps, what are the main ones?)PREACH. I absolutely *hate* the fact that I'm gonna have to spend so much of my life at a job I couldn't care less about. Unfortunately that's easier said than done :/Probs a mix of gryffindor and hufflepuff I am, nothing yet. But hopefully I'll find something I'm passionate about soon.The best way for me to learn is to apply my knowledge. Sure I could read over something again and again, but the way it will *really* stick is if I'm forced to use the knowledge somehow. Eg, writing a sentence in hiragana or something. I think this unconsciously allows me to figure out the underlying pattern in the structure of the language ISFP gril.

The biggest thing I don't relate to is the super strong values of Fi dom. And the stubbornness. I've attributed this to the fact that I'm enneagram 9. But yeah, I dunno. My values are probably there doing their thing but I'm not super conscious of them or anything. And I'm not a stubborn person at all, nor has anyone ever said so. 

(Btw I'm assuming these things I've mentioned are stereotypes of Fi doms, they're not necessarily how I view other Fi doms)

As for the similarities, if we're going by the stereotypes, then yah I like drawing and making music (basically just creating stuff), I'm shitty at expressing myself with words and I'm a hella big procrastinator. There's probably other stuff but I'm too tired.  Ayee :D np hahaYeah sad/brooding songs are gud shit.Oh hey I'm doing public health at uni. What's ur plan for when you graduate? (I can't think of anything).Ah sounds like a good plan!I have the opposite problem where I need people to be *more* specific. And it annoys me when people are not specific enough, especially if they're asking me to do something. Yeah I'd have no option except to do that. But then I'd worry that they'd get upset with me for not doing it how they asked which would be really unreasonable of them in my perspective but oh well lol Isfp 9w1INFP evil. RipNot gonna do shit, no way I'm getting involved in all that. As far as they're concerned i don't even know so I'm just gonna keep it that way. Not my responsibility. Esfp that daydreams too much and is unobservant af (enneagram 9 lief)I've learned recently that my understanding of the functions seems to be a little different to that of everyone else's. It's like everyone's working off of this guide that I've never seen. 

So, could you guys please post some suggestions of really good resources to learn about mbti (specifically the functions)? Or resources that *you* used to learn about this?

I already know of Michael Pierce's videos (which I've found are very informative), but if you guys know of like, a GIANT guide with EVERYTHING, that would be really great (but even if there's nothing like that, I still want to know how you guys got all this info). 

Thanks! Ok so I've always thought this youtuber was an ENTP, but this seems like Ni to me. Do you guys think it's Ni? Or is this actually an example of Ne? Or is this just a normal human thing? (I can relate to what he said to some degree but I think I'm a Si user). 
Here's the video: https://youtu.be/fpOOGE1lswE?t=51s (He changes the subject at about 3:50)

btw he refers to it as hindsight but I think he means foresight. I find I'm constantly reminded of at least one cringe worthy moment a day (which is followed by the physical "agsjdnsldhak" reaction). 

Does this happen frequently for any Se/Ni people? Or is this just one of those things that's unrelated to type? (Just curious tbh)
Most: INTP, made me want to be the best version of myself. Least: ENTJ, wanted me to just do what he wanted. I do this with important conversations but more so with ones I think could have gone better. The "what if" questions come up alot when im in this mode. Do you find even with this review you do make the mistake again or is one time enough for you to learn?From my understanding only in times of stress, or if you develop them with age and willingness May I ask what you're typed as?What? Out of all the people I introduced MBTI to, the sensors were the ones that actually wanted to do further research into it, reading up on works by Jung. Not like some initiatives that got the "best" result and left it as that not looking into it further. Well I guess you did say generally, not from my experience. Resilient.INTP.... Visual-Spatial IntelligenceHeartbreaking, from my ENTJ ex, "You were this good bit in my life that I failed at. No point in having that rubbed in my face constantly"

Heartwarming, from my INTP bf "It's hard to find someone I can talk to, and tolerate, I wouldn't be with you if I didn't think you were smart, you are my best friend"  From my experience high N users, normally with low Fe, being creative as well as little empathy.    Looking back it’s very interesting to recognise the differences. As an ISFJ being with an INTP I think it helps that we are both in the Alpha Quadra. Since we share the same cognitive functions its naturally easier for us to communicate. I’m drawn to his Ne as it’s my weakness, he makes me want to be the best version of myself, and personal growth is the result of this type of relationship. I assume his drawn to my Fe as it’s his weakness; he just hasn’t admitted it yet. Because you know how INTP are the best at everything :P He has mention that he finds my altruistic nature admirable.


As for my ENTJ it was interesting to find out that their functions are the shadow functions of an INTP. I found this relationship to be more overbearing the debates we had were not fun or friendly. Te being his Dom was very argumentative, confrontational, and rude.  He wanted me to just do what he wanted, its was his way or the highway. He couldn’t see things from my perspective, where this is one thing my INTP is great at, even if he doesn’t fully understand the emotions behind it. It wasn’t all bad, I think him being an extrovert did push me to do things I would have not naturally done alone. 
Same score same type.
Your score is 30 out of 36.
Your score is lower than 26% of all participants.
Sure, why not. Thanks for taking the time, don't worry I make myself  cringe at times. I find I spend alot of time re-reading conversations and trying to analyse them, or just re-live moments I am fond about in my head, sometimes changing the details a bit just to see the different possibility that could have happened. Is this a Si thing? I know we are only one episode in but I'm loving this show. So what do you guys think the characters Mbti might be? 

Dolores Abernathy 

Dr Ford

The Man in Black

Bernard Lowe

Lee Sizemore

So you best argument is using a angry man who supported selfisnesh?ISFJ here, and i'm Pro Utilitarianism, in the end people is people, and life is unique, if you're forced una trolley dilemma, the only option is save the most.

I really will hate being the Judge, but it Was from the best.I am a bad debater, so i call /u/bunker_man (he is considerable better than I)

But really, searching happiness is bad?  And we should think of the weak willed people as inferior (also, weak willed means everyone who isn't saying fuck weak people?)The last three post were today, look the date

I'm all for resucitating threadsPraise Yahweh! Our Heavenly Father!

We control the world from the shadows AND we are also lack talent, intelligence and savviness.

&gt;But, how did all this come to be? How did these sweet and nice people get like this? For the answer, we must pay a visit to Mr. Friedrich Nietzsche, the German philosopher who knew a lot about the true origins of morality and wrote a wonderful book to sum up this knowledge called The Genealogy of Morals. In this lovely book he asks the question, “Where did the term ‘evil’ come from?” Being a philologist by profession, he studied the etymology (origins) of language. He realized that before the term “good” was put on the opposite end of the pole to the term “evil”, there was merely the opposition of the term “good” with the term “bad.” Basically, in the times of what Nietzsche calls the master morality- the nobles of the world, the aristocrats, the rulers- the opposition of the words “good” and “bad” were defined from their view point. They were what was “good” and anything that was common or low in rank or stature was bad. In other words, strength was the order of the day.

&gt;But, apparently, during the reign of the bloodthirsty beasts of the noble age, there was lurking a creature, a consciousness that was building up an extreme of hatred at the deeds and mistreatments of these insensitive and brutish masters of the world. According to Nietzsche, there had never existed anything like this on the face of the earth before, a creature that was capable of holding resentment. And not just impotent resentment, but the kind of resentment that can create new values. And so this is just what happened in what Nietzsche terms the slave revolt in morality carried out by the Jewish people in the creation of Christianity. This slave revolt was so successful in completely inverting the value equations of the noble age, that now the last would be first, the lamb would triumph over the lion, and the meek would inherit the earth and so on.

&gt;And do you know how ISFJs rule? Well, in the exact opposite manner to the lordly masters; quietly, surreptitiously, softly, unapparently, behind other more obvious and upfront personalities. With a lack of ego or bombast. Very smart they are. They rule at the root.

&gt;Now, of course we not must make any pretense that this rule by the ISFJs is noble. Though since the inversion of values that occurred in the wake of Christianity, noble has been redefined to mean things like being helpful, charity, the show of kindness to fellow men, and such things. But, the term noble had a different meaning prior to this. It was similar to how a lion is considered a noble creature. But, are lions nice?

....what?

Ironically, the author end making look the ISFJs as badasses, take that r/INTJ!Some dude wanted to mix MBTI with his mysticism system and Nietzche and ultimately decided who ISFJ are jews.I don`t know, but he seems to like INFJs,

&gt;https://www.stellarmaze.com/enfj-mad-bad-and-dangerous-to-know/

ENFJ are monster without feelings who like manipulating womanSlave Morality is the normal "christian" morality who keep us in self loathing, as opossed of the Master morality, who is being a self loving badass who don't care for the feelings of the plebs (albeit, if he wants to have empathy is fine)

&gt;Master–slave morality is a central theme of Friedrich Nietzsche's works, in particular the first essay of On the Genealogy of Morality. Nietzsche argued that there were two fundamental types of morality: 'Master morality' and 'Slave morality'. Slave morality values things like kindness, humility, and sympathy, while master morality values pride, strength, and nobility. Master morality weighs actions on a scale of good or bad (i.e. classical virtues and vices) unlike slave morality which weighs actions on a scale of good or evil (e.g. Christian virtues and vices, utilitarianism). Master–slave morality does not take into account human emotions.
&gt; Ooor just being the beta male wish fulfillment fantasy most anime strive towards...

When You use the terminology of places as r/TheRedPill You lose every chance of me taking You Seriously. 

And,  how basically Being a deconstruction of the classical Harem lead (Ryouta's, - save all the girls! -  tendencies are showed as product of emotional issues instead as "just Being a nice guy") make You a Wish Fullfilment character? 

Oh,  right,  Ryouta isn't "complex"  because he isn't manly.  Totally lógical reasons. 







&gt;Char Aznable:INTJ 

Char?  The guy Who constantly Left his causes when he feel it?  

Char is a feeler. Everything who he does is for emotional reasons.  And he screw it a lot &gt;  I'm just a stupid ENFJ with "low Ti".

I am a male ISFJ who do not like hang out with people IRL but love internet.

Feel my pain!
More of less&gt; . I think this was said about Neutral-minded characters rather explicitly in the link you stated above.

More of less, the games go so far to had Masakado, the main Good Neutral God show as Light Chaos, implying who he mix the Light Law aspect with the Dark Chaos&gt; , but I'd wager strong Fe users would prefer Law, while strong Te users Chaos. But there are just way to much variables to me to make a valid prediction.

The Chaos people usually Is F or P,  The Neutral ones are heavily F types (INFXs usually are shifting between Neutral and Chaos)  while T types go either Law or Chaos (not Neutral).  I mean,  the best Law supporter of r/Megaten is an INTJ&gt; With that in mind - how can it be said that mass killing a smaller portion of the population "for the greater good" would actually result in lesser pain and more pleasure/happiness? It would be immoral to a utilitarian to not do so, because that's the principle behind utilitarianism once the math had been done

Because the angels know how. 

Ultimately the games show who the angels actually had the resources to rewrite human mind in a more peaceful and enjoyable state. Is showed a lot of times 

And Yes,  Is also related to having faith God obviously

&gt;. It would be considered immoral to the deontologist, however. Both systems are based on principles; they're both arguably lawful. Deontology is more qualitative, while utilitarianism is quantitative.

In a DyD sense,  yes.  But the Megami Tensei system is about the endgoal rather than the means. 

Utilitarianism ultimately ends in a peaceful regulated world,  also,  utilitarians philosophers pretty much considerate the ideal of freedom Being pointless or/and harmful  while Deontology usually had the defence of freedom as one of the Main duties. &gt; Where did you get the statistics on that? I'd be curious to see if there's a function/quadra trend.

Experience, that and the fact who the Law supporter of r/megaten is a INTJ.

Because is a good tool for writing characters. 

Really,  a practical way to use archetypesA INFJ or a INFP.  Introverted intuitive  feeling is best girl. 

(probably the only girls who can understand my memes and humor sense and give me a deep talk.  I damn my White Knight Complex) Ask me anything here,  I am willing to respond any questions.

Frequent Answers and Questions 

&gt;you're really a ISFJ?

Yes. I initially don't believe it but is the type closer to My personality.

&gt;What is your main inspiration?

r/megaten
Ageed with the motion. INFX is best girl :P&gt; I think it's kind of weird that your character would want to bring about fundamental change, since ISFJs really value tradition. You have to really sell that it's a change for the greater good or to protect people who are vulnerable, then I see him being on board.

That is exactly what he wants, a change for the greater good. Brandon is a utilitarian who wants to minimizate suffering the most who he can. It also ties to the religious undertones of the story (Bran quickly becomes friends with Judeochristian angels and Hinduist and Buddhist gods)

&gt;In a story like yours, where you might repeat the same mistakes or scenarios in the "underworld" that you've created, someone who notices coincidences / fate that tie previous events to the present might come in uniquely handy. Done poorly, it can look like terrible pseudo-logical bullshit. But if done right, it's downright charming and can be useful / comforting.

Eh, no. With the "there no consequences" of the Underworld, i want to say who you can be harmed or even killed in it, but when you return to the Human world will be like nothing had happened (unless, of course some spirit manage to attack your Soul directly and in that case...yes, you are screwed)&gt;Right, what I'm saying is, if there are no consequences, you can do the same dangerous thing over and over, even if you end up dying. This could lead to repetitive situations.

Don't worry,  the major part of the conflict is between humans and time flows in both worlds independently of them.  

There no repeated situations,  a second fight will be a truly second fight You don't need to die to learn from your errors,  specially when your enemy had plans who go far away for beating you Is certainly part of this, but not the only reason.ENTJ always sounded pretty badass. 
Amuro Ray (ISFP) 

Jonathan (ISFJ)  and Merkabah (INTJ?)  from SMT IV 

&gt; mercy is justice for those that value it higher. So the question becomes something of an absurdity as TK442 pointed out, because the merciful person thinks they're imposing exactly the right amount of reactive force as the "justice" person does--they merely disagree on what that objectively looks like.
&gt; For those that value "justice higher than mercy" it is more a linguistic slippage where they equate justice with their subjective notion of appropriate punishment and thus have defined mercy in contrast to that as something less than the fully deserved measure. The "justice higher than mercy" group therefore ranks mercy below justice, as something somehow insufficient relative to a unstated floating ideal.

Exactly

&gt;Nietzsche would probably say something like people with a natural distaste for getting their hands dirty would elevate "mercy" (in this context) to the level of a virtue because it makes a lion out of a lamb, so to speak. Meanwhile brutality is often called "justice" for the same reason except this time it is the rubber stamp on cruelty and domination.

What had Nietzsche to do with this?&gt;I have yet to meet an INFP who will stand up for someone else. They just prefer to comfort the victim.

If the INFP had anger issues, then expect them trying to do both.

Spoiler: He will be awful at that, not because is impossible to do both, but because he is acting emotionally :vType ISFJ 

Amuro Ray, Mobile Suit Gundam. 

Masayuki, Ghost Hound. 

And why lie, Jerry, from Rick and Morty. 

&gt;  I also find most people have a flowery worldview, and relate quite a lot to Guts' black and white "the world helps those who helps themselves" approach to life.

Uh, you realize that actually most people have similar views, is just that Guts take those to another level.Yeah, I'm not European, I live in a Third World Country where individuality is highly valued. 

This post is literally two months old, also, now who you`re here, whats your type?Uh, no I was asking your MBTI type, is a quick internet test and results are very simple and not really useful at all, I just do this for fun.I only share the SMT ones. I dunno about your HP fics.

Also, do a quick test please and give me your type!

&gt;http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/jtypes2.asp
&gt; I always get INTP from the Meyers-Briggs test, so just tell me what that gets me from the MegaTen framework you've made here.

I`m not surprised at all.

Chaos or Neutral by the way.

&gt;Chaos is Fascism then it destroyed any semblance of difference between Law and Chaos, since Fascism relies upon ultra-ethno-nationalism typically. That's pure Lawful ideals given a fundamentalist form. 

That is because original fascists are Benito Mussolini refered to themselves as the ultimate form of moral relativism validating themselves with their strengh, facism is based of In Group Individualism while Law is World Wide Collectivism, is neccesary say that I talk about Fascist ideology and not only a word to refer AuthoritarianismAll sides can be authoritarian, I don't use Hitler as the epítome of Fascist ideology actually, and all his collectivism was for benefit of his own group instead of an Utopian project for the entire world. Is necessary say who He though who the entire world was based in competition and who the Arians just happen to be the clear winners, a idea who just reeks of Chaos ideals Exactly. 

That's why you need a bit of brainwashing Yeah. This is why we need to erase you. 

I read it by the way I can create A God of something using observation, atheism is a outdated idea anyway, Transtheism is the new mode now. This guy 

&gt;http://gokukoku-no-brynhildr.wikia.com/wiki/Ryouta_Murakami

I will be honest,  i usually just have fun with the MBTI,  is nice,  but after reading the Gokukoku no Brynhildr manga i just can't stop thinking Who Ryouta,  the Main Character of the series is probably the Best male ISFJ in the Manga industry. 

&gt;Gokukoku No Brynhildr, known in English as Brynhildr In The Darkness, is manga series that has been serialized by Weekly Young Jump. This series is by Mangaka Lynn Okamoto, who previously created the Sci-Fi/Horror/Mixed Genre series Elfen Lied and the Olympic skiing-based drama, Nononono. Brynhildr In The Darkness is his first series to e adapted into an anime since the somewhat truncated 13-14 episodes run of Elfen Lied.

The premise of the series is who years after a tragic accident, as a Child,  Ryouta lost his Best friend,  Kuroneko, Who believed in the existence of aliens,  uncapable of forgive himself, Ryouta decide spend his life trying to prove the existence of aliens.  Until one Day where a girl very similar to his dead childhood friend named Kuroha Neko (The series wasn't trying to be subtle)  appears in her school. 

Long short story,  Kuroha is a magician,  Who in the series lore,  are product of experiments with teenage girls and aliens,  Ryouta ends up with a little team of Magicians Who escaped from Vingulf,  the shady organization behind the experiments.

------------------
Ryouta,  for the course of the series ends up showing lots of ISFJ traits,  the Introversion Being the most obvious.  Aside of That,  Ryouta Main skill is his Hypermnesia,  a condition Who let him remember everything and his amazing detailism,  Who help him to survive several occasions.

Ryouta is the most sensible and warm guys in the series,  saving the girls because is the right thing.  The Judgamental part is due to his ultimate desire,  in the end,  the Only thing Who Ryouta desire is a Family and be free of any guilt.

First of all, those are not the classic DyD alignment type, is the aligment system of the Shin Megami Tensei franchise.

To give a quick introduction: Shin Megami Tensei is a franchise of JRPGs created for ATLUS, despite most games in the series taking place in different continuities, they do share certain elements. One of its defining traits is it being set in a contemporary urban environment, specifically modern-day Tokyo. This choice was originally made to set the game apart from other fantasy-based gaming franchises of the time, as modern day Tokyo was rarely seen in games as opposed to versions of it from the past. Shin Megami Tensei II is one notable exception, taking place in a cyberpunk future after the first SMT, wo more recent notable departures were Strange Journey, which shifted the focus to Antarctica to portray the threat on a global scale, and Shin Megami Tensei IV, which included a medieval-like society existing separately from a modern-day Tokyo.

The titles usually are about how the extraordinary invade the ordinary world, Shin Megami Tensei focuses more on the main protagonist gaining the power needed to survive in a world ruled for several deities in war, while he choose the ideology who fit him more.

The games feature concepts of several religions (specially christianism and buddhism) and philosophy with some ideas of Jung about archetypes.

The three main paths of the main series are Law, Neutral and Chaos, who unlike the DyD version, are about the endgoal rather than the means of reach a goal. 

Another thing to note is who both Law and Chaos are quite extreme, this is due to the abstract/symbolic nature of the games, who are a sort of though experiment to show the player how willing they are to follow a ideal. Neutral is always the middle path, not extremist for its nature but is also full of flaws who Law and Chaos erradicated (but the games kind of ignore it, because the creators are Neutral fans themselves).

&gt;https://www.reddit.com/r/Megaten/wiki/alignments

The r/megaten wiki would be useful, but to summarize it quickly.

Law is Utilitarianism (a mix of Two Level Utilarianism and Ideal Utilitarianism) with aspects of Stoicism. It uses a Greater Good logic so far in the future who most regular humans had a hard time understanding it. (Utilitarianism of the Brainwashing and genocide for the greater good variety, albeit justified due to the angels actually having the power and knowledge to create a utopia)

Is less about following traditions for the sake of tradition and more about creating and supporting traditions who actually help the people. It "big flaw" is who the angels are so utilitarian who most humans find it disgusting, is the less popular aligment for the fanbase, albeit in r/megaten it had a decent amount of fans, thanks to our poster /u/bunker_man (INTJ). Is actually a very unique path rarely see in other stories, my personal favorite path by the way.

Neutral. Balance, regular deontology and morality, the natural alignment of humanity. It doesn't have as much to say about it specifically, since in game it seems to define itself mostly by being between the other two, and to conform to everyday means of thinking, balancing protections and freedoms. And humanism, in Neutral the player reject both the angels and demons to create a world where humanity will rule itself.

----------------------------------------------
Neutral generally operates on closer to deontological logic, rejecting utilitarianism and ethical egoism. Deontology means that the morality of actions is in the actions themselves, rather than the consequences. So the idea of killing for the greater good is absurd to a Neutral/Deontologist.

They also are tolerants of several beliefs and ideologies, its main religions seems to be Taoism (in early games) and atheism, with the latest game, SMT IV Apocalypse having a ending where you kill all gods and demons in order to create a human ruled world counted as "Neutral".

SMT IV A had a interesting twist. Dagda takes the humanistic elements to more of an extreme, having a more explicitly anti religious tone. Whereas danu is more of a religious humanism. Likewise dagda advocated more individualism, and danu more working together. 

---------------------------------------

Chaos: Representated for Lucifer, fallen angels and demons from other religions (buddhists asuras are Chaos), and sometimes, actual buddhists gods who people worship IRL (as Lord Yama or Virochana) but this is rare.

Chaos stands out from the other alignments in that while neutral is based on deontological ethics practices, and common intuitions, and law corresponds to radical forms of utilitarianism that can be done under certain instances, chaos is something that as its presented in most of the games is not easily defensible as an actual ideology. Which sounds humorous, but its actually true. Although it doesn't correspond well with any normally defended theories of ethics, it nevertheless does correspond to some real philosophies that have existed at past times. While one might be tempted to compare chaos to Ayn Rand, there are some better things to use that seem to be more direct of a basis, such as the writings of nietzsche, egoist anarchism, as well as (allegedly) meritocratic, and ruthless social darwinistic tendencies (Which sometimes veer almost to fascistic tendencies, though this is more rare). And though chaos as a whole often professes ideologies like this, there are those within it who use their radical freedom to be slightly more tolerable. 

Suprising no one, real world Satanist groups do tend to often show up having ideologies that resemble chaos in-game, being often between and inspired by all of those things listed above.

Note that while chaos professes to be about freedom, this is mostly about negative freedom, or freedom from authoritative constraints. As it resembles more of a hobbesian state of nature at times, for the average person their actual self determination would actually be rather lower than in a neutral world. 
 
Also note that while its ethics are based on things which seem to transcend ordinary concepts of goodness, it does still use the language of it at times, and even has Yama show up as its own angel of judgement. So, Chaos do not mean No Morality (but it can be if the individual is willing to interpret as it).


Chaos in some respects is heavily based on the philosophy of Nietzsche. Note that one problem with reading nietzsche is that although he did talk about a lot of things such as master morality, he often didn't go so far as to explicitly say he advocated it. (despite the fact that he obviously did for much of what he said). So when talking about chaos, one has to distinguish that while they do profess things based on what he said, its not clear how much of this he himself professed.

This of course has interesting implications for SMT, after realizing that chaos was based on nietzschean morality. For obvious reasons, Chaos would be associated with what he calls master morality, and law with slave morality. And chaos calls law slaves many times in game. (ignoring that actual slavery and subjugation would be more common in a chaos society where masters are then flexing their strength. Nietzsche did say that in an ideal society only the great would adequately internalize and exemplify master morality, despite it being worked into the overall language of society). Interestingly as a counterpoint to chaos, it makes sense for law to be both socialist and christian, because nietzsche saw socialism as the secularization of christian values of glorification of humility, etc, and not fit for those striving for individual greatness. Note however, that nietzsche did not see it as proper for great people to have contempt for lesser people, which in megaten when you see gaians actively say that only the strong have the right to survive is taking master morality to a kind of extreme. Since in IV chaos is explicitly associated with "spite."

Nietzsche also expressed his dissatisfaction with modernity. He disliked the contemporary "lazy peace," "cowardly compromise," "tolerance" and "resignation." Which ties into chaos being aligned with war and struggle.

This is also mixed in game with green anarchism, which professes anarchism for environmentalist reasons, saying that modern technology is harming the earth, which is one of the major plot drives of one game. However, in real life green anarchism is not inherently anarcho primitivism. Green anarchist themes also show up more vaguely in other games, though in much more vague ways. The gaians after all have the word gaia in their name, and profess to be on the side of the earth. Even in II showing them trying to fix environmental issues in the abyss.

Equality of opportunity is something who Chaos claims to be about this at times. Allowing people only what they can get by their own ability. And making this the only relevant form of equality, with no protections for those who squander their opportunity. (note that one gaian does insist that gaianism is about equality in IV). This interpretation is highly suspect however. Since in practice, in a chaotic world many would be shafted before ever receiving their opportunities. And since chaos glorifies the strong, then much of the time it seems that this is a nominal profession only, and that in practice many would be excluded. And so despite chaos insisting that this is its purpose, equality of opportunity is something that is really more practiced by neutral. Since some level of structure is needed in order to ensure all really have a fair chance.

In a interesting way, fascism is associated with the chaos side a few times in a few ways, though chaos being about radical freedom also differs from it. Note the parallel with the axis powers that chaos is represented with in I. Similarities involve the explicitly war based slant, social darwinist practices, acceptance of violence as a good thing, and groups being led by a strong leader who functions somewhat like a police state at times despite this that is not exactly a 1:1 comparison.  Lucifer even says you can use your radical freedom to try to establish a relative peace if you want.

-----------------------

So, what type you believe is more likely to take one path?
Hello r/mbti,first of all,  i had to say it,  i don't really believe in MBTI but i consider it a nice tool for writing characters and arquetypes. 

Something who i have noticed is who the ISFJ type seems to be the least popular of the introveted feelers (ISFJ ISFP INFJ INFP). 

Of course ,there reasons for it.  The inphamous Intuitive bias of Internet is a thing and the creativity usually is considerated a thing of NFs and P types. So,  ISFJ end up looking like the conbination of the most boring traits of S, F and J without any of the good ones. 

ISFP is a cold lonely Artist,  its biggest virtue is how he mix the realism of the S with the kindness of the F using its P traits. 

INFJ is a idealist who can change the world,  its biggest virtue is being kind and nice to the society with desires of change it slowy 

INFP is the lonely Artist 2.0 (coldness is optional).  Ideals and creativity. Its biggest virtue is its creativity and empathy. 

ISFJ is...The "good wife"? Its biggest virtue is being nice and warm... Only towards its closest ones. So,  basically a INFJ but without any of the actual good things. 

(Seriously, when Being Kind,  a trait of almost every F type - or any person with social Skills- is your Best trait,  you Wouldn't get lots of fans). 

I investigated about the funtions and how gender roles affect the types a bit and ultimately i decided who of all the types ISFJ is the one who is closer to My own personality. 

Personally,  i think who one of reasons of why ISFJ is so disliked is because is described as "basically the ideal wife in 1950".  Who aside of scare everyone who want to be its own person with dreams and goals also alienate most males who usually just try to be Another type (the fact who the differences between types can be so small and easy to miss just make it worse).

But this post is not about me or the portrayal of ISFJs in fiction (albeit is related to it). 

Is about a story who i am writing,  the setting is a bit hard to explain but i will try. 

_________________________

&gt;In the year 2108 or as know for the characters as the year 95 of the New Age. The entire world had been destroyed for the Great War,  a world war who destroyed the civilization aside of one artificial country divided in three States Cities. 

&gt;In the city of Bachilea, a secret world exist hidden to most people.  The only way to enter in it is activating one of the Pillars,  hidden to the senses of most.  The only way to activate a pillar?  Making a contract with a spirit,  what spirit?  Whatever,  gods,  demons, angels, pretas,  fairies and more.  Everything is fine. 

 The Underworld is also know as the world without death,  if you die in the UW,  you awoke in the Human world without any injury.  Someone can go and die several times without any permanent consequences. 

In order to control the traveler and its influences over the natal spirits from the Underworld,  the Fairy King Oberon make a alliance with some humans who created a organization to control the situation.  The Hunters, who currently conform the vast majority of the Humans in the Underworld.  

The people who are capable of seeing the Pillars and traveling to the Underworld after making a contract are usually teenagers between 13 and 19 years of life. The reason of this is,  for the moment,  unknown. They are named The Visionaries and are like the 15% of the population of the Underworld.

Being uncapable of seeing the pillars don't mean who you can't make a contract with a spirit,  if you use the right instruments then you can get your own Guardian and see the pillar for your own will. Those people is know as Regulars,  they are the restant 85% of the UW.  Usually they get the Instrument to summon spirits from Visionaries (usually friends or familiars).  

The first visit to the Underworld was seven years before the Main storyline and in that lapse of time,  a society had been formed for the Travelers.  A hierarchical system has  been installed.  The position is based mostly in individual skills,  people who is in the bottom of the social hierachy in the Human world can be part of the elite in the Underworld.  

Is a perfect way to scape of the harshness of the everyday life. The Underworld isn't a paradise but is a place where the people who feel rejected for the human world can go and try to rise to the social top without needing to change or fake themselves.  All the visionaries are people who feels rejected for reality in some way or other. 

Then enter our Protagonist.  Brandon Harlaw,  a Regular who maked a contract with a spirit thanks to the help of his friends,  all Visionaries

If is not obvious enough,  the Underworld is a metaphor of Social Communities of Internet where the only thing who matters is your social status,  Brandon is one of Those lonely teens who go to school,  talk to some and spend the rest Of the day playing video games, consuming media or in sites as Reddit.  Most of the Travelers are in similar situations,  lonely people with lack of social skills and some resentment  towards the society. 

What happens when you create a perfect environment for those people and give them REAL power?  They create communites.  A recurrent theme of the story is the power of communities, or like the Angel Remiel jokes about it:

&gt;Yes, the power of friendship is the most powerful thing of the universe.  Is even less subtle than my thunders but is the fastest way to explain it. 

And he wasn't lying, you see, the philosopher Paul Tilch proposed the idea of Transtheism,  or Gods "existing"  as ideas.  In the Context of this story,  is literal. Gods and spirits are born and alimentated from group thinking,  gods of whatever,  even individualists can create gods from their ideas to serve as inspirations. 

This is what happens with the Underworld,  those young lonely people created a society for them,  and gods of old are getting interesed in it.  The ideas never die and so a God neither. 

This will be a mess with no doubt. 

_______________

Now, the most important part.  I like use the MBTI as a way to analize and create characters (the only totally safe way to use it :P  No offense).  And the idea of the Intuitive bias make me think a bit.  

So,  sensors are mostly people who fix in society so they don't need Internet for social thinks while Intuitives love it as way to find people and share ideas who they can't in Real Life because no one understand them. 


I know who is mostly a stereotype but it make me think about myself and my relationships in Internet.  I mean,  most of my friends seem to be intuitives while my type seems to be ISFJ.  Heck,  the person who make me interested in Reddit was a INTJ,  i engage with him in brainstorms from time to time.  But I believe who i never can be as analytical as him.  Or as creative as my NTP friend.  My current best friends in Internet are a XNFJ and a INFX. 

(and i believe who my biggest enemy in Internet is a INFJ.  He fit all the criterias and stereotypes, i make a post about him some day?) 

The harsh truth is who Brandon Harlaw is a extension of myself even more than my other characters are,  is embarrasing but is the truth.  Albeit some say who lots of the best characters of fiction are author avatars too. 

Brandon is a ISFJ who live among Intuitives,  his best friend is a INFP and his first crush too.  He was introduced in the Underworld for them because they wanted share things with him and don't left him back. 

Brandon's had something who i like say,  the Intuitive fetish.  A interest into Intuitive types for being the things who he himself isn't.  Brandon is a well developed ISFJ (in the sense who  emulate N and T very well, Brandon is the ISFJ who everyone confuse with a INFJ at first sight) 

Brandon suffer of boredom in his life,  his parents are overworked and come late to home,  he had a good relationship with them but he feels very isolated,  Brandon love the sobrenatural stories and philosophy in general,  specially ethics and philosophy of religion.  Bran is the class of people who feels like the Underworld is his second house,  the Underworld let him be closer to his friends and Being genuinely able to help them and had a practical use to his knowledge of philosophy and mythology. 

A theme of the story is who Bran want to be useful and make a genuine change in favor of others,  random acts of charity are good but those are nothing compared to genuine changes in th world.  Brandon is a amateur writer who plan to be a journalist and try to get attention to the social issues and convince people to do something for them.  He is a very creative dude,  whose creativity born of uniting the ideas of others rather of creating ideas of his own. 

Brandon is the class of people who see the world as a cruel and competitive fight,  he try to make it a better place but fears who his efforts will be pointless. He know that change the world is a hard thing and a stupid ideal but is willing to try. 

Brandon is a reliable friend who always will support you,  but if you're wrong in his eyes he will call you in your bullshit,  this also applies to his romantic relationships,  Bran strongly believe who in relationship you should know say No and Being independent of the desires of your couple. 

His first romantic experience was towards his school companion,  Mary Okamura (INFP),  a year elder than him.  Mary and Bran quickly become friends and between she and the best friend of Bran,  Makoto Takayama (INFP)  they introduced Bran to the Underworld. 

The truth is,  Bran loved Mary,  she was mysterious and creative,  always willing to hear him and debate.  The things who maked her impopular were the things who make him interested in her.  Brandon loved the air of voluntary isolation who she emanated.  

Bran started to love the idea of Mary rather than Mary herself,  this was shattered when he discover who despite the air of Pure Dark Maiden who she emitted,  Mary was a woman with desires of her own. 

Mary loved someone else.  Brandon worried for her sake (actually jealous)  wanted to know the person who winned her love.  One of the Knights of Virtue, elite in the elite of the Underworld,  Marcus Goodwill,  Knight of Loyalty. 

Brandon become his friend.  It was a bittersweet experience,  for one side, Marcus was a awesome friend,  for the other,  he was so good who Bran started to envy him even more than before.  

Both Mary and Mark had feeling towards each other but both were too shy to confess it.  Brandon cheered Marcus in his feelings and give him the courage to confess his feelings. 

Their happiness was more important than his. 

Brandon is just that class of person.  





this is like the worst horoscope ever.ISFJ's gotta be the quiet version of the teacher's pet.ISFJ normalcy hype!do they have to be breathing as well?WHY IS IT SO HARD TO CLICK ON ALL THE PRETTY PICTURES!?!  D:Happiness is simultaneously letting people walk all over you while staring at a blank wall that never changes!    -ISFJ"As long as they're still warm it should be fine!"Huh.  TIL.Medics that do damage?  Shut up and take my money.  (Source:  ISFJ Zyra main)&gt; The one who calls out "Who's there?" as if the killer will answer

You never know; it could just be Steve coming over to ask for a cup of sugar!There's no reason to be rude just because you're murdering someone!That's nice.But I don't know how to bake!  D:Okay, I hadn't realized how many Basshunter songs I liked.  Spot on!
Which ones do you see as being the most/least active?&gt; ISFJ: Quit taking everything so personally! Just because I look grumpy doesn't mean you're the reason.

I'm so sorry!  I won't bother you again, I promise!  
^;)Why is every xxFJ a Hellhole?  XDwe don't existAren't there only like 2 well-known ISFJ villains?Maxwell "Max" Dillon (Electro) from The Amazing Spider-Man 2.Now I'm for all of the ISFJ stuff you listed, but if you ask for cookies, I will eat you.
I'm an ISFJ and I have a real soft spot for INTPs. They have this charming awkwardness that I just find irresistible.I always find it really funny when INTPs say awkward things. Also, that dark sense of humor they tend to have is just fantastic.Me: ISFJ

Mother: INFJ

Father: INTP

Brother: ENTP

Twin sister: ISFP


I get along with my entire family, though my brother and I used to fight like cats and dogs when we were kids.

I wouldn't say I'm closest to any particular member of my family, apart from maybe my sister, but that's probably due to the twin thing, rather than a personality type thing.I have an INTP father.
For the most part, he wasn't really involved in my life.


He could be a little too harsh and critical at times, and he did have a controlling side, but the vast majority of the time, he just let me do my own thing, and wasn't too concerned.


He was pretty laid back, so his parenting style could lead to some chaos occasionally, but he was also a pretty fun parent. I have fond childhood memories of my mother going away for a couple of days, and my dad just let us eat nothing but junk food, and we stayed up way too late watching movies and stuff. He was what you would call the "fun parent".


He wasn't very involved in our (mine and my siblings') lives, though. He didn't really know much about his kids, and he didn't really share that much about himself, either. He worked a lot, and he seemed uncomfortable dealing with anything emotional, which would've been much harder for me to handle if I didn't have an INFJ mother for that kind of support.


I thought he was a pretty good parent, though. He loves all his kids, and he gave us the space to make our own mistakes and learn our own lessons in life, which I'm very grateful for now. He always encouraged our individuality, too. If I wanted to cut all my hair off, dye it pink and wear ripped up band shirts to a fancy restaurant as a teenager, he couldn't care less. I'm an ISFJ.


1. INTPs are the only type I've dated, though I was briefly interested in an INFP, for a while. I just have a thing for INTPs. I feel like they balance me out well, and they always add a lot of humor to my life.


2. Loving people is one of my best talents, I'd say. When I really love someone, I love them unconditionally, and I go out of my way to show it often. I try to be supportive in every way I can, and I'm an extremely affectionate person. I like to think I'm sensitive to my partner's needs. 


3. I can easily get anxious or hurt over really small things, when it comes to the person I'm dating. Because they're generally one of the few people that gets to see my genuine personality, with no filter. So I fear judgment from them the most, and criticism or emotional distance can be crushing to my self-esteem.


4. Overall strengths of the INTPs I've dated would be a fantastic sense of humor, honesty, and a comforting presence over my sometimes hysterical emotions. Overall weaknesses have been troubles with communication, and rash decisions made in moments of strong emotions, which they don't seem to know how to handle.
Caffeine makes me sick.
 
I get jittery and anxious, and when it starts to wear off, I get a really bad crash, and it almost feels like a stomach flu. I get cold, clammy, sweaty and weak, and I just generally feel awful.


I'm not much of a drinker, and I haven't done any drugs, so I couldn't tell you how I react to those.I'm an ISFJ, forgot to specify. :PI'm an ISFJ. 

xNTPs are my favorite.

We can get sort of a funny banter going, and it just feels really easy. They're pretty sassy, which always makes me laugh.This is actually very accurate for me. 


Although, at the end of the day, I do like knowing that the person I choose, while fun and exciting, can also be dependable, which seems to be challenging to find. 

**Type?** ISFJ.


**At what age did you start wearing makeup?** I was 18 when I started wearing makeup. Before that, I didn't wear anything on my face at all, apart from Chapstick. 



**How frequently do you wear it?** Probably 4-5 days a week. 



**How long does it typically take for you to finish a full face?** Depends on the type of makeup I'm doing. I like to take my time, so it often takes me 45 minutes or more, but if I'm short on time, I can do a pretty decent job in about 5-10 minutes.



**What's your favourite part of the routine?** Eyeshadow, for sure.



**Least favourite?** Brows. It's time-consuming for me to fill them in while still keeping them natural-looking. 



**Favourite lip colour?** Red, but I don't have a favorite brand/shade, I use a few different ones. :) I don't usually wear red, though, unless it's a special occasion. I wear a muted peachy-coral sort of color on a daily basis. 




**Favourite eyeshadow?** Hocus Pocus duochrome from the Long Term Relationship line by Prestige



**Do you contour?** Nah. Too much work. Plus, I like my face to look relatively natural.



**Smoky, winged, or neither?** Depends on the day. If I'm feeling lazy, smoky. Most days I do a winged liner, though.

As an ISFJ, In my experience, I value other people's personalities much more than their physical appearance, but I can't help but notice every little detail about their appearance anyway, even if it is in a mostly positive way. 

I have a strong traditionalistic streak, and a part of me values that old-fashioned notion of always looking presentable. It gives me much more confidence when I know I look good during the day. 

I think because we're a very people-oriented type, and we spend a lot of time observing other people, we learn fairly quickly what does (or doesn't) look good on other people, in terms of makeup or fashion, and sometimes I forget that other people aren't noticing all those things to the same extent that I am. 


I'm generally not a very judgmental person, but I can make snap-judgments about people's clothing or aesthetic, i.e., if a guy walks by wearing improperly fitting clothes, my first thought is "That shirt is way too big, he'd look better if it fit him properly." Or if a girl walks by with way too much contouring on, my first thought would probably be "She would look way better if she blended that out more." 

It's not in a cruel or harsh way, I don't think, it's just shallow observations on what they could do differently to look more presentable, and I personally feel that if I'm going to be making judgments like that about the way others are dressed, I should probably strive to be as well-dressed as I can, otherwise I'd be a hypocrite. 

I don't know if that makes much sense, but that's my best attempt to explain that.Well, I had an ISFP friend for a while, and I was always amazed by how well-dressed he was. Every time I saw him, it was hard not to stare, because I couldn't figure out how he pulled off clothes like that, and he made them look so perfect. I had intense admiration for him.


But I didn't feel that connection or attraction. He was good-looking, and I admired his fashion sense a lot, but I just felt like we were on totally different wavelengths all the time, and I didn't feel like we really understood each other, so I steered clear of dating him.


Also, I think ISFJs have problems with being too warm and polite, and even sometimes flirty with people we aren't actually interested in. When I like someone, I get very quiet, shy and awkward around them, because I care about what they think of me. Whereas if I don't have feelings for someone, I feel more comfortable being myself, and I tend to be a little more sassy and affectionate, because that's just closer to what my natural personality is. Obviously that can send mixed messages, which is unfortunate. My result was INTJ.
I don't really agree with that, because we share zero functions, and I've had a really hard time relating to every single one I've ever met. ISFJ. My results were self, nature and social. When I can't sleep, I'm either stressing about something that scares me (which isn't too often), or I'm just so happy/excited about something in my life, I can't sleep.

Last time I couldn't sleep, it was because I was so excited to go out with this guy I had just met. I was up half the night, impatiently waiting for morning.[I'm an ISFJ](http://imgur.com/6CSWi7w)Sassy? 😂Intelligence 4, looks 7. I'm an ISFJ.Okay, maybe 4 was a little harsh. But I'm definitely a little below average in intelligence, and I'm alright with that, I have other practical skills. :)http://i.imgur.com/1myR4U9.jpg


19, Canadian. I'm technically half Dutch, and the rest of me is English, Scottish, Russian and Ukrainian.Unfortunately not. :( I wish it did!I'm an ISFJ.
I find myself extremely irritated by:

- People who exhibit unnecessary cruelty

- Disorganized, messy people

- People who are late or flaky (bailing on plans last-minute is one of the few things that makes me extremely angry)

- People who behave inappropriately or don't understand social cues. This one just fills me with rage.

- People who can't handle conflict like adults, and resort to passive aggression, defensiveness, yelling or just generally being abusive assholes, when a gentle conversation is all it takes to resolve something.

- People with poor personal hygiene absolutely repulse me.My brother is an ENTP. I love him to death, but it's a miracle we made it through our childhood without murdering each other. We fought like cats and dogs, and he drove me crazy. We get along better now that we're older, but we still clash a lot. :) I definitely appreciate ENTPs and their many lovely qualities, though.Well, being an ISFJ with my almost unhealthy degree of loyalty to people, I do have friends who are complete slobs and flake out on me. For the most part, I try to let things slide unless they're negatively impacting me directly. :)Thank you! :)Definitely ISFJ. My twin sister is an ISFP, and while she has influenced me dramatically throughout my life, we definitely have some major differences, and I have no doubts that I'm not an ISFP.Well then you really can't help it, and I'm much more willing to look the other way.West Coast. ☺[My results](http://i.imgur.com/UHfvWpd.jpg)[I'm a cat.](http://imgur.com/a/d3j9U)

Yes, I know it's a stereotypical white girl costume. 

I don't really have any plans, besides handing out candy. :)Ahhh thank you! 😁 They don't look as good when they're not filled in.Thanks. 😏I'm an ISFJ, and I often test as an ISTJ.

It's probably just because we both have dominant Si, and it's strong in me. But I'm definitely not an ISTJ, I'm way too oversensitive.I personally tend to thrive when it comes to small talk, especially if I'm not super close to the person I'm talking to.

There are very few people in my life that I feel comfortable going into deeper conversation with, and I tend to clam up when people start asking me deeper questions, as I'm typically very private. 


I love deep conversation if it's with someone I love and trust. If it's with a stranger, distant friend or acquaintance, though, I'd really rather not.I don't get drunk.
But when I'm tipsy, I just feel really tired and quiet, and I want to go take a nap.I try to take care of them, mainly.

I'm a very physically affectionate person, as well. Friends, family and acquaintances get lots of hugs from me. When I'm in a relationship, I'm constantly touching my partner. Hugs, kisses, holding hands, scratching their back, etc.

I try to make sure everybody is happy, well-fed, comfortable and content. If I see someone is upset or may be feeling unwell, I do everything I can to remedy that and make things better.

I also tend to do little acts of service. Just as an example, today when my boyfriend went to the gym, I was at his place for an hour or so until he finished, and I folded his laundry, cleaned his bathroom and washed his dishes that he had left in his sink. It makes me feel useful to make other people's lives easier, when I care about them.

I can be extremely nurturing, towards the people I love.I'm an ISFJ. My twin is an ISFP.I flourish when I'm taking care of someone in a one-on-one setting. If a loved one is sick and needs some nurturing, cleaning or cooking, I feel perfectly in my element. I've dated an INTP, and currently an ESFJ. I haven't dated my own type, but I would be open to it. 

I'm liking ESFJs, because we share enough in common that I don't feel like I'm dating my polar opposite, and they're extroverted enough that I can be quiet, and they do the majority of the talking, which is comfortable for me. 

If I were dating another ISFJ, I feel like we might end up over-extending ourselves too much, and it would either be too quiet all the time, or I'd be so drained from trying to keep the conversation going.I'm dating an ESFJ, he's surprisingly hands-off.

A part of me feels like maybe I should be disappointed that I'm not getting the full clinger treatment.I bottle my emotions up, and even when I try to share things with people, I never feel like I'm sharing everything fully. 

Other ISFJs I've known have been incredibly private that way as well, so I think it's something most of us struggle with.Damn right we do.I'm an ISFJ, I'm dating an ESFJ.
We're so similar, and we both hate criticism, so for the most part, we just don't mention things that bother us about each other.


That being said, if I had to criticize my ESFJ for anything, it would be getting angry or upset over things that seem fairly small to me, like a vacuum cleaner not working, or an event being cancelled. 

If my ESFJ criticizes me over anything, it's usually to say that I'm too nice, and people take advantage of that. Or that I'm not proactive enough in making decisions, and I tend to let everyone else take the lead all the time.I'm an ISFJ, I'm dating an ESFJ.
There's so much to appreciate about him, but right now, I'll narrow it down to a few.


- **His kindness and warmth.** He's by far one of the kindest people I've ever met. His sensitivity is just awesome, and I never have to worry about him hurting my feelings, because he's so gentle. 


- **He takes care of me.** I'm so used to running after other people to take care of them, it's so nice to be with someone who reciprocates like he does. If I'm not feeling well, he does everything he can to make me feel better. He's always checking up on me to see if I'm warm, fed, comfortable, etc.


- **His attention to detail and appearance.** He knows how to dress himself well, and he always looks fantastic. Most guys I've known haven't put a ton of effort into their clothing/appearance, but he does. All of his clothes are properly fitted, and they look really good on him. His haircut is always impeccable, and he cares a lot about his hygiene. He always smells so good, and he has better grooming habits than any guy I've ever met.


- **His goofy side.** He makes me laugh so hard. When he's around strangers, acquaintances, and even friends, he's much more reserved, quiet and polite, but when I'm alone with him, he's hilarious. He cracks cheesy jokes, he'll bust out some dance moves, he makes weird facial expressions or noises, and he'll do just about anything to make me laugh. It feels really special to me that I get to see that side of him, and other people don't.


- **His honesty.** He surprises me sometimes with how forthcoming and shameless he is with information. I know that if I ask him something, I'll always get the truth, albeit in a gentler way than I might from other people.

I could probably go on for ages about everything I like about him.   Haha you're right! That's awesome.Haha oh man, my boyfriend and I are super different sizes and mine does that to me too! It's so funny. 😂 I think it really depends on the parents and children. 

I'm an ISFJ, and my parents always told me I was a really easy child to raise. I was quiet, polite, affectionate and I obeyed all of their rules.

My older brother is an ENTP, and he was an extremely rebellious child. He caused a lot of problems for my parents, and he was always getting in trouble.

A lot of it boils down to individual personality traits as well, rather than MBTI type.
My ESFJ cousin was a nightmare as a child (and still is, in some ways). My ESFJ boyfriend was apparently a really well-behaved kid, and he's an extremely polite, respectful adult.ISFJ, probably a deer, I'd say.
We're generally quiet and timid, and like to stay in the background. While also being incredibly majestic and beautiful, of course. 😏
I completely agree with everything /u/lawdoodette said. Just based on what I've read in your post, I'm sensing a little bit of contempt directed towards her, and most people can sense that. It's not going to make things any easier.


I'd also like to point out that having a close connection with an ex is generally frowned upon by most people in a relationship. It can cause problems when it's just an opposite-sex friendship, but add in the fact that you're an ex, and it's even more complicated.

If you were in her shoes, and you were in a relationship with a guy who was close friends with his ex, and they hung out alone frequently, can you honestly say that you wouldn't feel weird about that at all? We all have different levels of comfort, security and trust, but I really think most people would feel uncomfortable about that, MBTI type aside.


Her demands may sound unfair to you, but to me, it sounds like she's trying to reach a compromise. Most people, once they're in a relationship, don't generally hang out with an opposite-sex friend all alone. I'm sure it works for some people, but I personally wouldn't be super comfortable with that, especially if my partner's ex clearly had some resentment and hostility towards me, and I'm a pretty secure person.


Odds are good that regardless of who he's dating, your friendship is never going to be really super close anymore. It's not a very realistic expectation, in this scenario. 

You can try to befriend his fiancée, and it would definitely smooth things over, but don't expect her to suddenly be cool with you having alone time with him. You might be better off trying to see the positives in her, maybe get to know her a little, and treat her with kindness. If she's gonna be around whenever you're hanging out with him, you may as well try to like her, right?

I personally expect to have more distance with my male friends when they start dating someone, and the reverse is true for me, when I'm dating someone. I've noticed at least 2 INTPs wearing their shirts inside out by mistake. It's adorable.ISFJ, my favorite is Clairvoyant by The Story So Far.I've always seen Taylor Swift typed as an ESFJ.I related to Nancy so much. I'm an ISFJ. I always feel extremely uneasy around ISTPs.
They make me nervous, and I act stupid around them.


In the past, I've found them to be hypercritical, a little bit standoffish and sometimes quite arrogant. I'm late to the party, and apparently I'm the first ISFJ. 

[This is me. One photo sans makeup.](http://m.imgur.com/a/bGM2L)Hahaha aw, I didn't know ISFJs had a "look"! 😁Thank you! ☺ We do try.
 I think most of us just don't go out in public when we're in sweatpants and having a slob-day.Thank you! ☺**Disclaimer/TL;DR:** this basically turned into a rant about how much I love ESFJs. I don't know where I was going with this, but my point here is that ESFJs aren't shallow, that's a stereotype most likely formed by people who don't know them very well.


I'll admit that I didn't have a very high opinion of ESFJs in the past, as the only one I knew in my life was my cousin, who is dysfunctional and often very shallow.


My boyfriend is an ESFJ though, and he's lovely. He completely changed my opinion of ESFJs.
He definitely has a different persona around people he doesn't know well. He comes across as a very outgoing, cheerful, funny guy, but he doesn't seem super deep, initially. I think most Fe users can be guilty of this, albeit usually to a lesser extent.


When I'm alone with him, though, I've seen some much deeper sides to him, and he really isn't shallow at all. He has a really intense emotional depth, and he's extremely thoughtful and observant. He's very emotionally aware, and he picks up on little changes in a person's demeanor, myself included, and I'm generally quite good at hiding my own emotions. 


I swear, he doesn't miss anything. He notices every little detail, and remembers everything, too. He's voiced some of his struggles, and he's shown a lot of emotional vulnerability to me, and I've seen a totally different side to him than I ever would've expected.
He's also extremely honest, and I know I can always count on him to be straightforward with me.  


I think it's easy to assume ESFJs are shallow when you only know them in a distant or casual setting. Once you get close to them though, while they are often genuinely happy, cheerful, outgoing people, you also get to see the sides of them that they keep hidden from the rest of the world, and they're just as multifaceted as the rest of us, they just don't show that outwardly to everyone they meet. 


ESFJs may not be as genuine or true to themselves when they're in social settings, but they sure know how to work with people, and I really admire that. My ESFJ brings me out of my shell, makes me laugh, he's the life of the party, and he seems to know how to put everybody at ease and de-escalate tension before it even happens. I've seen him flourish in every social situation, and he never seems to have an awkward moment, it's amazing. We all have our gifts, and that's definitely one of theirs.  **Child:** Extremely shy and quiet, very very anxious, also very smiley.


**Tween:** Basically the same as I was in childhood, only more anxious, if that's even possible.


**Teen:** During early teens, I was still very quiet and awkward, though towards my late teens, I came out of that a fair bit, and while still quiet, I was much more talkative with people. I was still fairly anxious, much less so than I was during childhood, though. I was still quite bubbly and smiley, but I hit a few very low points, which brought out a very angry, moody, miserable-to-be-around kind of person in me.


**Adult:** I'm only just 20 now, so it's hard to say. I've come out of my shell a lot more in the last year or two, and I'm much more comfortable around people in general. Still anxious, though better at managing it. I'm much more confident than I was during previous stages in my life, and I'm growing into myself a lot more. 


Throughout all of my life, I've been very bad at expressing my feelings, and that hasn't really improved over the years. I've generally always been very smiley and cheerful around other people, even when I haven't necessarily been feeling that way internally, so the way I come across to others is often not very genuine, unfortunately. 


I was also a rule-follower my whole life, and never really rebelled or did anything risky or inappropriate. I didn't party, drink, do drugs. I was like every parent's dream child in terms of obedience.I really loved it, but I found it to be quite disturbing.

It kept me interested through the whole movie, and the ending was pretty unpredictable, for me. I thought it was great, though.First real relationship started when I was 19.Wed: INFJ, Bed: ENFP, Dead: ENTJ    

For me it'd be:

Wed: ISFJ, Bed: ESFJ, Dead: ISTPI have straight, medium brown hair, slightly below shoulder-length, and dark brown eyes. 
I have a fairly plain face, I think, and not necessarily in a bad way. 

I'm extremely petite and look quite young. I typically dress quite femininely, and I tend to wear somewhat heavy makeup, in an effort to look my age.

My clothing typically tends to be jeans and a nice shirt or a sweater, mostly simple stuff without too many prints or embellishments, and I dress it up with jewelry and accessories. In the warmer months, I wear dresses and shorts. If I'm feeling really daring, I'll wear something super low-cut with a strappy bralette or something.


I'm awful at describing my physical appearance, so this is really the best I could do. ISFPs have Fi first on their stack though. ISFJs lead with Si, so wouldn't it logically make sense for ISFPs to be closer to the emotional side?ISFJ, my first one is physical touch, and second is a tie between words of affirmation and quality time.I have sort of a dumb sense of humor. Dad-jokes make me laugh like crazy. Also, occasionally, really offensive jokes are super funny.INFJ and INFP :)I don't really drink often, only a few times a year. 
I got pretty drunk on NYE, and nobody around me could tell. I was about one drink away from throwing up, and my boyfriend and his friends thought I seemed pretty sober.


For the most part, I just get really tired and feel like I want to take a nap. I also get more clingy with people. ISFJ, I've been a vegetarian since I was 15, for animal cruelty reasons.
 
I think this sort of thing doesn't necessarily relate to MBTI type, because I've met people from all walks of life who are vegan or vegetarian, for many different reasons. I'm really awful at typing people unless I know them in person, but IMO, a lot of this sounded like ISFJ behavior, for sure. I can certainly relate to most of it.I've noticed that too. In my experience, it's usually because there's a nice balance of extroverts doing much of the talking and introverts mostly listening, whereas with multiple extroverts, they're competing for all the air time.

I personally enjoy hanging out with extroverts because they carry the conversation, and I'm not much of a talker.Personally, I usually don't volunteer a lot of information about myself in conversations, even if I'm talking to people I care about. I'm super private, and if someone is asking me a lot of probing questions, it makes me clam up and I tend to get really quiet. 

More often than not, I'm super quiet in conversations, and I prefer to be that way. I don't like having the spotlight on me, and I like it more when someone else does the talking. I like hanging out with extroverts because usually they chatter away about their own lives, and I get to just listen and not have to share too much about myself. It's nice.I've always been very private like that, even as a child. I think in myself, it's just a trait I've always had. I tend to feel uncomfortable when people push me to share more about myself than I'm comfortable with.

That being said, it also depends on the context of the relationship. My closest couple of friends and my boyfriend, I share a whole lot with, and I'm not quite as private.

I don't think it's necessarily right or wrong to be more private or more open. I've known people who are much too open, and they end up getting hurt frequently, because they're exposing so much of themselves to someone they don't really know and trust. I was in sort of a relationship with an INTP for a while, and honestly, the difference in our love languages was our biggest struggle.

I craved more affection than I was getting, and the way he showed affection wasn't the same way I do. I felt very unfulfilled, and he wasn't even doing anything wrong. 

Ultimately, I learned that it wasn't something he was capable of changing, just like I'm not capable of changing my methods of expressing and desiring love. I've read many instances of INTPs not being able to provide what their partners need emotionally in a relationship, and it's not their fault, it's just the way they're wired. 

If you want your relationship to work, odds are good that you're going to have to either change your expectations and just love him the way that he is, or find a way to compromise where he makes a conscious effort to express affection in ways you need. It helps if you can get love in other areas in your life. I'm not saying cheating, I don't advocate that at all. But close friends and family members, and even pets, can make a big difference.

For me, personally, I learned that while I love INTPs and they have so many amazing qualities, I wasn't compatible with them relationship-wise. My mother is an INFJ, my father is an INTP, and they had 27 years of marriage together. The only reason it ended was due to abuse and alcoholism on his part, but otherwise their relationship was apparently very satisfying, so it CAN work, and obviously a lot of it is going to depend on the individual.  I have nothing productive to offer to this thread, but all of these words for ISFJs made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I'm an ISFJ, my Pottermore house is Ravenclaw. I think I probably would fit in better in Hufflepuff, realistically.ISFJ. I'm an extremely anxious, overcautious driver. I'm 20 and I still don't have my license because driving scares me.

I can handle it, but it's not something I enjoy doing, and I have to fight the urge to drive well below the speed limit. I'm like a 95 year old grandmother behind the wheel. [There aren't enough ISFJs in this thread, so I've come to join the party.](http://m.imgur.com/a/bGM2L)Thank you! I appreciate that! 😊Aw, thanks. ☺ I've been told I look like Shailene Woodley before, but never Selena Gomez!So sweet, thank you. 😊Hahaha thank you! His name is Alfred. 😏Your hair is absolutely majestic and I'm filled with jealousy.What are Si eyes, if you don't mind my asking? :)That's really cool! I've heard of the functions showing in people's eyes and facial expressions, but I wasn't sure what Si looked like. Just out of curiosity, do you know what Fe would look like in this instance?I generally get along very well with INFJs. I'd say this is pretty accurate. Stability and commitment are hugely important to me. Emotional support is a pretty big thing for me too, though. ISFJ: natural cook, friendly, hopeless romantic, family-oriented, perfectionist.  I have an identical twin. I'm an ISFJ, she's an ISFP. I cry a lot, sometimes over things that don't even make sense. 

It's frustrating, because it's not something I can control, and it's embarrassing to cry over petty, ridiculous things. I've never cried over music or movies, strangely enough. But crying is sort of my default reaction to most things.

Hurt feelings? I cry. Stressed? I cry. Angry, overwhelmed, sleep deprived, laughing too hard? I cry.I think this is largely an individual personality trait, rather than an MBTI thing, and I don't think stereotyping is fair at all.

I'm dating an ESFJ, and I haven't actually seen him flirt with anybody besides me, and he's monogamous as can be. I myself would rather cut off a limb than hurt a partner by cheating on them, and that's a value I hold very strongly to.

I've known a whole lot of Fi users to cheat, especially those with Se high in their function stack, and a few types with Fe low on their stack (ISTPs and ESTPs, mainly), but I have yet to see any of my xSFJ friends cheating on their partners. Fi stays true to their values, yes, but that doesn't mean Fi users all value monogamy and faithfulness in a relationship. If monogamy is not something they value, by that logic, shouldn't they then be more likely to cheat, because they don't fear the social repercussions that would follow?

Frankly, it sounds like you have a lot of bitterness towards functions that you don't necessarily understand super well, and it's not fair to lump all Fe users together as manipulative, shallow people with no moral compass or value system. 

Unhealthy Fe can be manipulative, addicted to attention and need constant approval like you described, but unhealthy Fi can be extremely selfish, arrogant and black-and-white in their value system and the way they view the world.I don't think there's any correlation. I've met lots of people with the same type at different heights.

I'm an ISFJ, 5'2.ISFJ

Female

I understand the concept behind it, but I don't think it's very practical, personally. 
Sexual compatibility is a pretty important part of a relationship, and waiting until you're married to find out whether or not you're compatible physically is kind of a crapshoot. I've heard of a few exceptions, but the majority of the time, it seems to end badly. Check out /r/Deadbedrooms if you don't believe me. A large portion of those people waited until marriage.


I'm a pretty conservative, old fashioned kind of person, and I would never ever sleep with someone unless I'm in a stable, committed relationship. But I would never marry someone without knowing whether or not we fit together well. 


It's easy to view sex as this super romanticized, magical thing that you only ever want to experience with one person, but I feel like that's kind of a naïve approach to it. I felt similarly until I actually got into a relationship, started having sex, and realized it wasn't super life-changing. I'm not religious, so other people may feel differently, but I think it can be really damaging and toxic to view people as impure, or damaged goods or anything like that because they've had sex with previous partners.ISFJ. I hate sleeping in. In an ideal world, I would be asleep by 10:30pm and awake by 6:30am every day.

My real sleep schedule can vary a lot depending on where I am and what I'm doing, but I try to stick to it as much as I can.I'm an ISFJ, was with an INTP for a number of years, off and on.


When things were good, they were really, really good. But when things were bad, they were very bad. We brought out both the best and the worst in each other at different times.


Really, the biggest challenges we faced boiled down to different communication styles, and different needs. I needed a lot more love and affection from him than I was getting, and it made him feel inadequate as a partner when I was always pointing it out. It was really hard for both of us to let go, I think. Because despite how tumultuous it was, there was also a lot of chemistry and passion, and he really made me feel things more intensely. 


He was a good person, and we were great as friends, it was only when romantic feelings were involved that we started having problems. 


The biggest struggle for me was the unpredictable nature of it all. I couldn't figure him out, I never knew what to expect from him. He would be extremely affectionate and loving one day, and cold, withdrawn and distant the next, and the inconsistency was difficult for me to handle, especially when I couldn't understand why.



The fact of the matter is, we just weren't super compatible. 



I'm currently dating an ESFJ, and things are generally going more smoothly. He understands my needs more easily, and his are similar. We're both pretty big on communicating, and he's very good at verbally expressing his emotions, and helping me to do the same when I struggle. There's a lot more affection in our relationship. It doesn't have the same exciting, passionate ups and downs, but that's fine by me. There's a lot of easy nonverbal communication in my current relationship.


He can instantly tell when I'm upset, and generally knows why, as well. Which makes it easier for me to communicate about it, because he opens up a dialog right away, so it doesn't have a chance to fester.
It's a much more secure, stable relationship.  I'm an ISFJ, mine is physical touch with words of affirmation in second as well.

I have a suspicion that my ESFJ boyfriend is the same.My boyfriend is an ESFJ.

He's pretty masculine in a lot of ways. He loves cars, the gym, all of his interests are pretty masculine.

His personality is a great mix, in my opinion. He's kind of a softie, and he has a lot of emotional intelligence, but he does fit the classically masculine role. I don't find him to be as oversensitive or irrational as some female ESFJs I've known. ISFJ, I look ahead. 

I typically try to fake confident body language, and I feel like it radiates insecurity when I see people looking down while walking, so I try to avoid that.I agree, this sounds identical to my ESFJ boyfriend.I'm so flattered. I'm an ISFJ, my boyfriend is an ESFJ.
We're quite similar, and I could see how it might be hard to differentiate, in some cases.
The biggest difference I've noticed is that he's just more talkative than I am, especially with strangers.


I'm very quiet around people I'm not super close with, and even when it's just the two of us alone, he does the majority of the talking. In group settings, I'm typically observing quietly, while he offers more input in conversations.


He does seem slightly less drained by people, but I'm not as drained by people as other introverts I've known, so I don't know if that's an accurate judgment to go by. When we're at parties or social events together, I'm content to stay until he's ready to leave, and sometimes I'll even want to stay longer, while he's drained and wants to leave, so I'd say we're on pretty even ground that way.


He's a lot more goofy and shameless than I am, though. He'll crack jokes and dance and act ridiculous without any embarrassment, whereas I'm very easily embarrassed, I'm quite shy, and I don't unleash my goofy side unless I'm alone in a comfortable environment with people I trust. And even then, I'm much more tame than he is. This is just based on my personal experiences, but I've been very very happy with an ESFJ.

The way we communicate is quite similar, and while in the past I've felt like a lot of my relationships with people have been one-sided, with me putting in most of the effort, it's more equal with him. 


He's very kind and caring, and he's always trying to make sure I'm happy and comfortable. As an ISFJ, I hate being a burden to other people, and I often won't speak up if I want or need something, so it's really awesome to be with someone who is always trying to take care of me, whether I ask for it or not.


He's very observant, and is very aware of my emotional state, which is nice, because again, I'm not likely to speak up immediately if I'm upset about something. If he notices that I'm upset, he brings it up, and he's extremely patient while I try (often poorly) to verbalize my feelings. There's a lot of kindness in him, which seems to be common for most xSFJs.


Really, for me, the best part is just how similar we are, in the most important ways. All of my needs are being met, without me having to communicate them constantly. He's also extroverted enough that he pulls me out of my shell a lot. 

Plus, his sense of humor is the same as mine, only magnified. He's extremely goofy, and tends to bring out more of my own goofy side. I'm always, always laughing with him. We complement each other very well.



I had a pretty long relationship in the past with an INTP, and while there was a lot of love and passion, I felt like we were often on different pages. I had to put in a lot more effort when it came to communication, because there wasn't that natural sense of what the other person wanted or needed. 


I essentially had to nag him to get my needs met, and I wasn't getting anywhere near enough affection to feel fulfilled. It was a great learning experience, but I often had my feelings hurt, and our communication skills were lacking. 


I tend to be quite sensitive, and I'm prone to getting hurt feelings, so for me, it's been a lot easier being with another feeler, because they tend to be a little more conscious about being gentle, especially when it comes to conflict.I second this.
I love INFPs, and one of my best friends is one, but I definitely don't think we make a good pair romantically speaking. 

We don't naturally understand each other, and our functions always seem to be at odds.Probably either my phone, or a bracelet I wear every day. I've never left the house without either of them.I'm an ISFJ. My best relationship has been with an ESFJ. 

My best friend is an INFJ. :)My #1 is physical touch.
My second is a tie between quality time and words of affirmation.I'm an ISFJ, he's an ESFJ.As a lifelong insomnia sufferer, can't relate.I cleaned my boyfriend's apartment for him last week, I can't even argue with this.Yeah, unfortunately I do this.I think I have this problem in the early stages of a relationship. I tend to feel most comfortable when a relationship is established and stable, and it takes some time for me to feel like I can trust that someone is actually committed to me, and not just telling me what I want to hear. 


I've been in my current relationship for 2 years now, and I feel pretty settled now. I don't typically overthink things, I feel like I can completely trust my partner, I take what he says at face value. The first few months of our relationship, though, I felt extremely insecure.


I over-anylized everything he said and did, and I think a part of me was convinced he was gonna up and leave me without warning. I think for me, it boiled down to low self esteem, being inexperienced in relationships, and being a very cautious person. I also got hurt pretty badly in the past, and I didn't want to repeat that ever again. I don't open up to people quickly, and someone really has to show that I can trust them, before I let my walls down. So I tend to observe someone very carefully when I start dating them, and I'm almost on the lookout for red flags.



I personally had to just push through that phase, and keep my anxiety under wraps. I took it all one day at a time, and gradually my trust for him grew. After a certain point, any of my suspicion or over-analyzing stopped, and I feel super comfortable and secure with him.


I think for me, the only way to get over that was to just take it slow. I had to see how he was around other people, what kind of relationships he had with friends and family, how he reacted when I was having a bad day, how he acted when he was tired or hungry or upset, etc. 
I personally can't rush the process of trusting someone and opening up to them. I think for most ISFJs, we're hard to get to know, and we're slow to trust people completely. Once we do open up and trust someone though, it's a really rewarding experience, and I very deeply value the few close connections I have in my life. Am: ISFJ

Prefer to be: ISFJ

Am attracted to: ESFJ


It's pretty accurate for me, as I'm a content ISFJ, very happily dating an ESFJ.
I'm an ISFJ, and one of my best friends is an INFP.
Honestly, I personally don't think it's a great pairing.


I love my INFP to death, but we're very, very different people. We have extremely different values, we have different needs, and I honestly feel like I would be emotionally drained by that kind of relationship.


We butt heads sometimes, we both get defensive when we disagree on our core values, and after seeing him in his romantic relationships, he needs a *lot* more love, affection and emotional support than I would be able to offer, despite being a very affectionate person as it is.
I find him to be too needy for me.
We also seem to offend each other by accident fairly frequently, which has never happened to me with any other friendship I've had.



I don't know whether my INFP is just unhealthy, but I've had a similar experience with every other one I've met so far. 
They make awesome friends, and I've really appreciated a lot of traits they have, but I don't think I would ever want a relationship with one. We just don't mesh super well, and we don't understand each other easily. I also feel like they can have a tendency to be codependent in relationships, which I know ISFJs can be as well, but I much prefer a partner who's more independent, and doesn't need constant affection and reassurance from me.


I also prefer to deal with conflict directly, as soon as an issue comes up, and get it solved and over with right away. My INFP friend tends to strongly dislike conflict, and goes out of his way to avoid it, which sometimes seems to lead to passive aggression, and it makes me crazy. It drags out the conflict, and I hate feeling that kind of hostility directed at me when I don't even know what I've done wrong in the first place.


I get that this is all anecdotal, and this is just my experience, but I couldn't do it. I've known 5-6 INFPs, and while I've been attracted to some of them initially, it always faded fast once our differences started to show.I used to look down on it a little bit, but now I think it can be a great option for people, especially if you don't get many opportunities to meet new people in your daily life, or if you're shy.


I downloaded Tinder for shits and giggles one day, I had zero intentions of meeting up with anyone on there.
Matched with a guy, he was so cool I wanted to keep talking to him, he somehow talked me into going on a date with him and we're still together over 3 years later. 
I only had the app for a day. 
He's the love of my life, I couldn't have found anyone more perfect for me.It really depends on the situation, but I generally tend to prefer introverts.


Extroverts are fun and pull me out of my shell a lot more, but I also find myself getting drained when I'm around them for too long. After a certain point I just need some quiet time without conversation or stimulation.Accurate. Found my type in 3 seconds flat.Uh....Since when do we not have an inner voice? 

That's just about the most bizarre assumption about sensors that I've ever heard.I don't think this is just an INFP thing, I'm pretty sure this is just a human thing.
Almost everyone I know replays painful memories, regardless of their MBTI type.My INFJ mom has cheesy inspirational quotes and signs like this all over too. I find them incredibly tacky.I hate them too. This seems like such a dumb stereotype to me. I've seen these cheesy quotes/signs in the homes of my INFJ mom, my ENFJ aunt and my ESTP aunt. 


People just love to shit on xSFJs in this sub and act like we're all shallow, dumb and have no taste.Yeah, my ESTP aunt talks through movies and TV shows like she gets paid for every word she can cram in.
I've known people of all types who do this.Okay this might actually be the most flattering description of my type that I've ever seen.I can't even complain, I like casseroles.For real. My ISFJ boyfriend is the smartest person I've ever met in my life. He's an air traffic controller, and the stuff he does at work every day makes my head swim, it's so much thinking and multitasking. 


I've met smart people and dumb people from every MBTI type, it really doesn't predict intelligence.My brother is an ENTP, and while he's often full of sass, he's a very warm person, I've never understood the cold hearted asshole stereotype. Every ENTP I've met has had a big heart, even the ones who can hurt people's feelings sometimes.As an ISFJ, I watch more trash TV than anyone I know. I don't see how this is related to MBTI at all.Yeah, what even is that? Makes us sound like clingy, smothering psychos.


Also I can't keep a plant alive if my life depended on it, and I *hate* frilly clothes.Nah, when I'm really stressed I just cry all the time.I make mine every morning. I really value a clean, tidy and organized home environment, and I prefer crawling into a made bed at the end of the night, so it's important to me.Same here. I tend to "get" jokes more than other people I'm around.I would definitely bring my cat.
* 1 Yes, not much more than that.  It is interesting to consider that maybe being an empath is somehow influenced by mental function...
* 2 Yes and no.  Yes in that I do experience this, but actually no because in my case it's due to brain malfunction (mental illness).
* 3 I often do this with all sorts of fictional scenarios just for fun, it's not really been involuntary nor problematic in my experience.
* 4 I've found that the term "conspiracy theory" has had its connotation torn apart from what it's supposed to be: a theory of some organization possibly acting in some way against its supposed purpose in the shadows.  The crazy ones that some people just make up have mostly just been cringy for me.
* 5a. While I find the mythology of abrahamic faiths to just be painful to read, everything else is really fascinating (especially stuff like Japanese Youkai).
* 5b. Kind of.  I've gotten to the point where I can pretty easily create and access memories of ideas that it's more reliable than writing them down somewhere most of the time.
* 5c. I really [i]really[/i] want to be able to play an instrument with the finesse necessary to directly parse the melodies in my head.  I just have not gotten around to this yet.
* 5d. I...haven't been able to find the energy and willpower necessary to really get into this.  I really want to, it's just kind of blocked off by mental illness.
* 5e. Ignoring your assuming everyone who answers this would be straight, I can't really say much on this.  I guess I'd really enjoy being able to relate to an SO on that level.
* 6. Not particularly.  Though, if something really excites me, I often can't get away from it."Humans always think that unless they say something, others won't hear them. Truth is, people talk just as loudly with their hearts...
But because people have mouths, they don't pay attention to their hearts."  -Zauz the Blacksmith,  TLoZ: Phantom Hourglass

ISFJErr, not to be rude, but I don't know if "alone time is detrimental to an INFP" fits with the rest of your statement...
I know this is a huge stereotype but I feel like I'm too in my head and in need of alone time to be an extrovert. That might be more related to my mental health than functions though. I'm strongly considering xSFJ though. :)I guess I didn't really think of that! That's a good idea and one I'll definitely put into practice.

Thank you for the reply and well wishes. Things have been brighter over the last few days. :)Sorry that some of my points were too general. I just wrote down whatever came to mind and probably missed some useful information.

Thanks for such a detailed reply. I'm going to take some time to think about it and see what people say but your comment was really helpful. :)I'm pretty sure now that I'm an xSFJ. What are the main differences between Fe-Si and Si-Fe?

Thanks again!I'm **really** not a fan of being out of my comfort zone. Every so often I'll get a little more adventurous (especially if someone else is there with me) but I stick to what I know more than I probably should. It's just something I have to work on I guess.

Thanks for the reply!I got FeSiNeTi and I'm ESFJ, so it's accurate for me.I'm an ESFJ female, 21 and from the UK.
ISFJ here waiting for an answer. 

I have an ISFP roommate and it's hard for me to tell if I'm being too nosy/pushy with wanting to know how he's doing. Though I'm an Introvert, I feel like my Fe is overwhelming for him and I just don't know if it is or not. As far as I can tell there's nothing negative between us and we get along well, but when I ask about how they are doing, sometimes I feel like it's a cover up. I've been straight about it a few times and have asked if I'm overwhelming and he says "no", but it's hard for me to accept it. Not that I don't believe him, but it feels like it's hard to know if that's how he really feels. 

I respect his space and understand that Fi is very personal and private, but I just feel like I'm being a nuisance most of the time. I also realize that if they want to open up, that's something they have to decide and not something I force. So kinda what OP is asking, how to "open" Fi up. And to an extent I feel like that's kind of a oxymoron and I dont want to push any limits or unnecessary boundaries. If they want to open up, that's their decision, but is there anything I can do on my side?Haha, fair. That's what I figured. Thank you for your post!I think that everyone is their own person and that there isn't a perfect system to type people. That being said, I think that everyone does have a sort of a set way to perceive and make decisions. I think MBTI does a pretty good job generalizing those cognitive functions down to eight different functions. Of course everyone has a mix of degrees of the functions that they use, which makes typing people potentially dangerous because it can feel like you have to fit into the system, not the system fitting to your needs(of personal growth and self-realization). But overall I trust the theory, knowing that there are exceptions in every case(or people just hate being put in boxes).
Thank you! Funnily enough, after researching some more on Ni vs. Si, I'm actually pretty sure on ISFJ now. :PWoo, gendermates!hahahahahoohoohoo 6.9 guyzeI'm like your husband, a lot of the time I'll barge into a quiet group chat with "OK I KNOW NO ONE CARES BUT YOU WON'T BELIEVE THAT X JUST HAPPENED" because I just _need_ to share it. I also try my best to end my rants with "anyway, how is everybody?" and then get really guilty when everyone just replies with one-word-answers...It doesn't help that the sensor descriptions are often terrible...

INFJ: You are mystical, read everyone like a book, and will one day achieve world peace.
ISFJ: You like to bake cookies.

I think this is the case with a lot of types, especially when looked at in a four letter way. Function stereotypes are less common but still persist (I think Ni is always portrayed as this amazing, powerful, and rare thing to have, while Ne is like "holds up spork", Se is "going bear wrestling in the woods" and Si is "you're a Westboro Baptist Church member"...).

I don't think all of this is necessarily true, since perceiving functions are IMO a very much passive thing, which makes them so hard to type for me as well. Functions in general only really describe how someone comes to a conclusion, but they might arrive at the same conclusions in the end, even in the paper clip exercise. A Si user might look at the clip and remember what uses they've seen before or what they internally regard a good use when observing it That may or may not be a practical use. Maybe the person knows someone who makes funny sculptures out of paper clips. Then one of their first thoughts might be "oh, you can make sculptures out of them". Then the Judging functions decide whether or not that's a good thing to write down.

The same goes for the purple prose vs. YA fiction example. All of the perceiving functions can lie behind a literary writing style. Si might lead to unique sensory associations that only the writer would make ("the inside of the car carried the scent of a break-up" - weird, but if the writer associates car smells with a bad relationship, a metaphor that makes sense to them). Ne might make metaphors that are more universally traceable. I don't know if this is a good example, but I remember someone in an AskReddit thread describing the sound of a fax machine as "Wall-E being waterboarded". It's a bit of a weird connection, but everyone can kind of imagine what that sound is. Ni is all about getting to the core or an essence of things, so a Ni using writer might display that by being able to portray a character's soul crushing loneliness precisely by describing the way a flock of crows fly by during a scene. A Se user might be very good at describing the way someone gets goosebumps in a scary situation, the sound someone's shoes make on a muddy forest floor, the comforting warmth of the protagonist hugging their cat... These can all be elaborate, deep writing styles, or they can be light-hearted and direct. I don't think functions predetermine you for one or the other.Everybody daydreams, it's not an S or N thing. The content of one's daydreams might be more telling.I based it on Akane Kurashiki from the Zero Escape video game series :) Although there might be some characters in other franchises with the same name.Same problem here, since I hurriedly did the test at work, lol. I got 41.7 percent.ISFJ vegetarian for ethical and environmental reasons, I'd also like to be vegan again - I gave it up because I didn't have the energy to cook anything but avocado noodles for every single meal - but it's impractical in my current living situation, so I'll probably reduce my animal product intake to a degree when I move out and am able to cook my own meals.I'd say rhythm and melody, but I also don't really like instrumental songs because I love the sound of people singing, and I do mind if a song has shitty lyrics (not shittily written, but a shitty message). However, I would be fine with a song where someone sings meaningless vocalizations.I think it'd be cool to be an ENTJ and actually get stuff done. I'm an ISFJ with anxiety, I get overwhelmed by the prospect of ordering a smoothie. Although I wouldn't wanna have that Te-dom directness.I'm an ISFJ and I had interest in it for a while, but I'd always wake up upon realization I was dreaming, or forget about that realization after a second.

I actually prefer non-lucid dreams now.I get to experience new and unexpected things I could never consciously come up with. Even the nightmares can be fun.I like most of my nightmares, they scare me but are really interesting to think about the day after. Lately I've been getting nightmares about my OCD related fears though, which isn't fun. I'm an ISFJ.I'm an ISFJ and I can't bake cookies to save my life.

I'm also not very traditional and don't always stick to the same things. On the contrary, I often do things differently than usual on purpose, e.g. "I already took this route on my walk last week, so I'll explore another part of town today".
Believed myself to be INFP throughout high school and college, with a few minor wonderings. Had quite a bit of fun projecting a carefree image to everyone. I recently had a "crisis" of what I thought was Fi, and I eventually decided I was actually Ti-Fe. Moved to INTP for a bit, then to INFJ after majorly identifying with INFJ experiences. 

Then I read a little bit on introverted sensation... and realized I'm a ridiculously classic ISFJ with those really intense, subjective Si feels. 

I was also thrown off for a while because my mother and good friend are very similar ISFJs and they've always seemed much more practical than I am. Turns out I had tried so hard not to be my mother that I didn't know who I was :)Maybe you've already decided this, but I've had a similar experience that might be helpful. I thought I was INFP for several years but recently realized I'm actually ISFJ. 

Something that's been incredibly illuminating for me is that my closest coworker is ISFP. I had her take the test, she got ISFJ, but it didn't ring true to her or to me. She ended up saying, though, that nobody could put her in a box. That was quintessential Fi to me. I had never met an Fi-dom before, and after knowing her (and having many miscommunications), it's kind of ridiculous, how clearly the function differences are on display. She just innately knows how she feels about *everything*, and she doesn't have to do any internal digging to figure it out. 

In contrast, I connect every. single. thing. I experience with the web I already have in my head and try to fit it in somewhere. It's not always entirely conscious, especially if it's something that is routine, but it's all filtered through all my other experiences and interpretations, and that is how I form conclusions about other people and things. 

But, that doesn't mean I can tell you how I *feel* about something. Sometimes, I'll have to sort through all my "observations" and "understandings" of situations and people to figure out what I'm actually feeling and understand how to proceed with that information. 

At the same time, I do have very strong feelings about certain experiences, and that's how I confused Si for Fi. A particular object situated in a particular context can make me feel a million things because it connects to something in me that I am currently dealing with. I will keep the memories of these "special" experiences with me because they now feel like they are part of me, and every time I remember them, it brings up the associated feelings. The whole "Si users can feel everything about something, but Fi users feel something about everything" bit.Dunno if it would apply to you, but if you ever have self-loathing moments where you feel like you don't deserve anything, it helps to give yourself something good. I keep some really good hot cocoa at work - it's small, but it's a physical reminder that I am not inherently bad. Self-love and all that.Just echoing others' comments, some people will prefer a therapist who joins with them in their feelings and provides support/validation (and that might be all they really need, speaking from experience), while others will prefer someone who acknowledges their feelings but gives it to them straight. It doesn't mean that you can't work with people who are more "in their feelings," but it does give you a leg up with clients who come to therapy for straight solutions and who might have more difficulty relying on or trusting a Feeling therapist. It could be your niche!

But, I'd say that the fact that you KNOW this about yourself and that you know when to change tack is critical. Therapist self-awareness, man. :) Not married. I would want my ring to have some sort of meaning to me - even if that "meaning" is just that I saw it and it seemed instantly familiar to me. The rose gold one that you mention sounds really pretty, though I don't think I'd want a huge ring.

Pretty traditional wedding, with either the Catholic priest in my college town officiating or the female Methodist pastor I grew up across the street from (depending on whether it's a Catholic wedding or not). 

I definitely want to get married, but my parents' eagerness to have their children married does irritate me a lot. Feeling like I *have* to turns me off to much daydreaming about it. That's a whole 'nother topic though. :)INTJ and ISFJ. Also get along really well with my sister, who is an ENTP.Just to defy absolutely no stereotypes at all... a very cuddly puppy crawled in my jacket to sleep. https://imgur.com/a/77kDCIf you like scrambled eggs and cookies....I can make ya coffee 👍🏽Take a break from it. Especially don't get on here. I have my phases, but I find if I spend too much time buried in it I start to feel bad. 

I still type people in my head, but as someone else said, it's like background noise, not front and center. 

Also, the insecurity and obsession are kind of like anxiety. You have to tell yourself that what you think is not always true - there is room for error - and accept that.

Practically, take a walk whenever you feel the urge to look stuff up. Focus on the details of your surroundings... trees, birds, squirrels. Seek out other things to analyze and experience.My very unscientific guess is ISFJ (maybe ESFJ). The stress thing sounds like my tertiary Ti, inferior Ne combo, though I'm sure there could be other explanations.

Enjoying, caring about other people's welfare, getting a boost from it, and relating your own experiences as a form of help... sounds like Si-Fe to me.Could also be ISFJ. I have wandered about in Christianity and am still there.

I am close with lots of SJs - none are atheist. (Bible Belt)

One Christian INTP who loves debating theology.

One atheist INTJ who never believed.

One ISTP who grew up in a religious household but is currently considering deism.

My NTP siblings both grew up believing, I'm pretty sure, but I have no idea what they think now.Bunch of random anecdotes about dom Si and Ti:

INTP bf watches videos about fan theories, alternative explanations for random things, people playing board games or video games... anything that increases his knowledge or sparks thoughts against the grain. 

My good ISTP friend is also quite interested in fan theories. 

I, ISFJ, tend to watch interviews with my favorite actors, fan videos (shipper vids way back when), etc. I'm not really there to learn but to be entertained by people and relationships that I adore.

My ISTJ friend also used to watch interviews with actors and such in high school, but now she's quite preoccupied with anything that helps her move forward in her online business.Just more anecdotal stuff... My INTP bf has said similar things to me... at least, in the way of pushing him to be better and not shutting down his ideas.That makes sense to me. He is very aware of the fact that he tends to say things that offend people... :) He says it's just how he thinks - by throwing out ideas and seeing what they sound like out loud. 

I'm glad you have a supportive somebody to listen to you! 

Thank you for your comments about ISFJs. I've definitely heard frustration directed toward SJs, and I do understand it, but it's also good to hear positive things!This one. I know it’s been said many times, but if you consider yourself intelligent, you’re likely to test as an N (stereotypes, man!).

I know many very intelligent people whom I may have typed as an N a few years ago, but after realizing that I am an ISFJ (not INFP), and meeting my INTP boyfriend, I feel like I now have a very different idea of true Ne looks like. Phew, that Type 5 ISTP definitely seems to line up with my ISTP 5 friend. :)I think most of these examples could apply to multiple types.

If a friend comes to you with a relationship problem, what are your first thoughts/advice? How would you go about advising her?My INTP SO is also quite the devil’s advocate, mostly because he doesn’t want to leave any stone unturned, and he also wants to refine his thoughts or cause somebody else to grow/refine their perspectives. 

He didn’t care much about how he did in school. He knew the material and took the tests and did well, but homework didn’t matter to him.

He also wants to challenge the status quo, and wants people to know that he is different. 

My INTJ good friend is much less likely to change her mind on any topics and is quite set in what she thinks. She has less patience for people who don’t agree with her. She is also quite impressive and quietly competitive in academics. It matters to her that she does well.

She doesn’t much care if other people see her as “different.”ISFJ me usually has several open... but not 20+... it bothers me when I can’t tell exactly what the tab is about.This is interesting. I agree with most of it, although I do wonder about the the “ordering the same thing every time” bit. My INTP SO also does that, because he’s learned that whenever he deviates, it tends not to measure up (which is also my experience). But my one example to the contrary obviously doesn’t prove anything. LOL

I mistyped as INFP for several years before arriving at ISFJ (and went through INTP and INFJ on the way), and I would certainly agree that Si can be mistaken as Ni. I’ve heard Ni described as a web - which is also how I might describe my Si.ISFJ: English major, history minor. 

Considered linguistics for a while, too!ISFJ. ALL THE TIME. Especially when I spend a lot of time with someone else who does the same 😂😂
Sensing - I originally started working out for aesthetics, but now I would say it's a part of my daily routine and lifestyle. I feel better after working out and I look forward to it. So, now it's for both.ISFJ here. I do this a lot actually. It's mostly a result of being closed off to change.Interesting. I had an ISFP SO once that did this a lot. Also guilty of this sometimes (ISFJ).Yeah, it's just the way I like it.I haven't seen one ISTJ complain about our subreddit. The slower activity also contributes to less repeated threads asking the same old questions.Male ISTJ - 20 years old.Everyone is arguing about Elliott's type when this is the real answer. His character is simply designed to give off the impression that he's all over the place. Analyzing specific instances where he uses different functions will only lead you in circles.Exactly. I couldn't settle on my type until I used the functions because I would always find stereotypes I didn't fit into.I am an ISTJ who once dated someone I believed to be an ENFJ. We started as great friends for about a year, but when things advanced into a relationship, we were never on the same like of communication. Our relationship started at the end of her previous one, and we were in different states for three months beforehand.

She wanted to resume things very quickly after the three months was up, but I wanted to move a little slower. When we started to have complications, we never made headway talking, as she was often not very direct, and I would be too direct about the issues we were having.

She ended up moving on to someone else and ended the relationship about three months in. The big picture is just that we had fundamental differences in terms of the way we communicated. If both an ENFJ and ISTJ overcame that, I think it would work. Prior to our relationship, we had a great friendship.
ISTJ (I think). Ironic.

Edit: Second one is ESFJ.ISTJs can be judgemental - but its not a severe as your making it out to be. For me it's more of "I'd rather not engage with someone who can't follow or understand me".

Now I have a friend who is an ENTJ. Total elitist, and I can't stand the way he makes 'dumb' people out to be. And we are talking about Te and Fi in that case as well, so you may be onto something.Same.Because I strive for aldente perfection, I try a sample noodle every 45-60 seconds. I usually boil pasta for significantly less time than the box says.Olive oil with garlic and Parmesan; the true Italian dish.
ISFJs the ultimate doormats

ENFPs are spazzes

ESFPs are party animals

ISTPs are matter of fact technicians

ENTPs like to argue for the sake of arguing Your post is interesting and makes me think of a simplified way of Te and Ti as T(hinking) letters/functions

Te like you said likes to think of structured ideas that would make sense if you were to follow a pattern to reach a specific destination or conclusion given what is known. Even if it isn't necessarily fully correct, just would be efficient and would just make sense to follow given whats known.

With Ti which what you argue is the more "logic" oriented, is to think if the ideas are correct. It may take time and a lot of personal analysis to make sure its right but theyd rather the ideas are consistent with other facts. Theyd rather argue, point out and make a bigger effort to correct but doesnt seem consistent given the known info.

So basically I see where you're coming from. While every human has Thinking function that doesnt mean the thinking function is necessarily "logical".

Basically you think in order to be really logical you have to really look into and analyze whats presented closely before proceeding. And you think Te being "efficient" isnt "logical" but more like just following a set of rules?

WeirdI would post something about ISFJ but there's  not much discussion and many times topics will just get much more upvotes than commentsThe Soldier

I dont mind noisy social scenes to be honest. Unless there's obnoxiously loud music playing (of any genre) then I get triggered./u/AwesomeAsian 

A reason I put weird is because I feel like even compared to other ISFJs (or at least the descriptions or stereotypes) I know I do a bunch of things I would think arent usual for.

While with big decisions I usually end up resorting to Si/Fe, a lot of small talk I have (especially on the internet) I like to try to talk more (Ti) logically. 

I notice a lot of my opinions on games/anime/whatever are different from a lot of whats typically popular (especially online). I just choose not to share them all the time because I know what it means to have a different opinion than someone on the internet means (Lots of civil debates about whether my opinion is right at best, call out for my opinions being invalid as a 'joke' at worst.)I actually kinda wish more ESTJ females existed or it least ones that I knowHe doesn't really change how he acts or speaks based on how the outside world/most of the cast says he should. He digs holes because he likes doing it not because the Chief of the Village tells him to. Kamina (and Nia and Yoko kinda) are his main influences since they are the ones that are closest to him.

I think the bigger thing is that Se vs Si, is that he definitely has higher Se. He isn't a particularly strucuted person, he prefers to do things on gut instincts (when he gets the courage to) and then of course he has a natural love of digging tunnels for personal fun and not to get a task done.Can confirmIt's just for funThere are some traditions I really dont like and dont follow Well Ni is you inferior function so you may rarely use it or you use it but just dont know.

Basically:

* Do you have general foresight of how certain events go without needing physical evidence? 
* Do you try to patiently try things until they reach a particular goal/plan? 
* Once you find a goal do you stick to it and block out anything that doesnt have to do with it?
*  Do you try to think ahead and be a step above everyone? This one tells a fun story/setting

I like itI am ungodly stubborn in really silly small things. Im trying to fix it. That said I do take pride in being disciplined.maybe optimistic would be a more fitting word?Ni is hard to describe but his sentence does kind of make sense if you think about it in a certain wayI guess I wish it were more evenly distributed (hell even in this topic more intuitive types have responded/got upvoted).

That said, there are factors like some sensor types arent interested enough to go on a forum to discuss MBTI theory since many of them would be like "Oh cool thats my type let me continue what I was doing"

That said, I personally stick around because in addition to learning about MBTI and being able to type people better I personally like to use it as a way to get an idea of how people think in a more objective sense as opposed to just inwardly judging people off a few actions they did and stereotypes.I have an ENFJ bro so I think I know about them to not ask to get to know them better but I want to ask some things to see if similar ideas apply to the both of you

* ENFJs seems like they have a way of being inspiring, knowing how to say the right things but present their ideas/plans in a way to make people go with them. Does this apply to you? If so, whats the process of you figuring out the best way to present these ideas?

* If someone is negative towards you in some way (constructive or not) how do you deal with it?

* Do you have fun talking about abstract/what if/theory situations that arent confirmed to be true but can be if you look at it in a certain way?

* What personality types (not necessarily MBTI types just personality words) are you generally attracted to or you tend to befriend?Fairly often I can see really small details in people and things even if it's people I'm not super close to. Like I can notice and imitate if someone likes to a specific hand motion when they talk. When cooking or tasting food, if something looks or tastes different then what Im used I can usually sense if it it's only a minor difference. For example I can be pretty picky about how french fries are cooked or how thick I like Japanese style curry.

The second and third questions can be kind answered together.

Funnily enough, I actually don't understand how Ni users can think of big plans/ideas or be overly perceptive just based on their gut feelings and with minimal physical evidence but still actually be right on the ball.

I sometimes feel like I'm too narrow minded but the way my thought process goes is that if either me or someone I trust doesnt have enough experience or evidence that something is true I dont' believe it instantly and have to try or look into it myself.

As far as recalling information goes, once again I do feel like Im a narrow minded that I only think of what I do in the present and I've done in the past and don't always think of the future.

I feel like every time I do an action (major or minor) or take part of something I take everything that happened to heart and the memory is stored somewhere in my mind unconsciously. While I may not always remember every single detail that happened related to an event, my mind kind of just remembers the feeling I had when I did something and how I personally felt about it and I will act accordingly.

As someone with inferior Ne I really need to use Ne more to actually open myself to new ideas since I can be kinda close minded at times

It's been happening more often but not something I try to often because I know Im not naturally good at it.1.I feel like logic question applies more to Te/Ti (based on what I know) but I'll try to answer. I'm bad with answering abstract questions like this. I just think of logic is basically what would make most sense in a given situation. Is it correct based on what people say it should be? My first instinct is just to trust people I know to go with if something is logically correct, but if I personally see one little thing that could be or seems off, I like to look into it myself to find answers.

2.If possible I'd very much like to stick to someone I already know beforehand (this is probably super common) or even bring someone in case its some fun party where I dont know anyone.

Generally I try to only go to informal events where I feel like its something I personally can get fun out of it or if there someone I know. When I was in college the only non-school related thing I did was go to the anime club since thats what interested me. Whenever I go out to places it usually anime or video game related or I hope it is.

The type of places I lean towards are peoples houses of who I know, or a place called Little Tokyo in Los Angeles (place with all Japanese restaurants and stores and stuff) because I know I'll have fun no matter what.

Recently I've been trying to go fighting game lounge where people just play fighting games all the time. It's fun when I go but the problem is that it's 1.5-2 hours away, I don't know anyone who goes there and I dont know anyone who would want to go. So it's tough to get motivation when it's both impractical for saving money (gas) and time (which I value a lot) and making new friends is tough since it takes me a bit to get comfortable with new friends.

 I can hold conversations with strangers if they start something or if it's a request but just casual small talk is difficult for me because I don't want to say something that coudl potentially offend them especially since I don't know them at all and want to make a good first impression.* Enchancers sound very Te like. 
* Transmuters sound like Ne with Ti-Fe
* Emitters sound Se
* Conjuerors either sound Ti, or an Auxiliary Te
* Manipluators - tough one. First half sounds like Fi, but the second half sounds like Fe mixed with Si-Ne
* Specialists - Sounds like Fe mixed with Ni or NeInterestingly I actually mistyped as an ISTJ first.

When I first figured out what Si/SJs were I was like yyuuupp thats me.. the overly detail/past/physical/routine oriented guy. 

I think I only mistyped myself as an ISTJ because I used the basis that I'm more honest willing to open up with logical talk when im closer to people and I like to be as honest when I can.

But then I realized after analyzing functions and how I act in public is closer to Fe-Ti. 

I even did a self-analysis for fun on why I think I'm Fe-Ti when I wasn't sure if I was really Fe/Ti or Te/Fi and asked here if I was more Fe/Ti or Te/Fi:

Fe - In general I really try to avoid conflict as much as possible, even if I really want to argue something I'm afraid I may hurt someone feelings by potentially getting too heated in an argument. Before making big decisions I like to consult with at least 1 person I'm comfortable with the topic about. When trying new games/hobbies I try to make sure I know people or good communities already exist and really want to be a big part of them.

Ti- I really like to be overly precise in how I say things to a point to where I screw up, I make sure to back up and say what I mean to say as accuratley as possible. If I'm comfortable enough with someone, I'll try to correct any slight mispronunciate or details they said incorrectly. I like to analyze why people tend to like/dislike things or do certain actions and make my own conclusions. I usually try to bring some degree of logic to discussions, even if it's just my own personal thoughts and analysis on things.I've read lots of Function guides and "Type me" threads and such so I try to differentiate people by what functions they appear to show

For example if someone asked if they thought they were INTJ or ISTJ I would would try to see if they tend to have a focus on the physical/past/memories/detail oriented when making decisions or talk more abstract/broad in terms of laying out plans or weeding out bad ideas to find the most optimal one.

I've even written guides for myself to try to point out things that could lead towards certain functions. So basically I'm using Si in the sense that I type based what others on this subreddit have said or other guides say to properly type someone instead of going based on the stereotypes.I'd say Si is basically how many guides like to describe it.. it's being very in tune with the inner physical self and how certain things or actions leave a lasting impression on you. Being very in tune like this makes you able to see the samller details of things that other types wouldnt notice as quickly. Generally having Si means in addition to being aware of the impressions, you also want to preserve the ones you are comfortable with.

I did a quick search on this sub for inferior Si posts so I guess I'll do analyze them separatley here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4idydq/can_this_weird_behavior_be_explained_by_functions/

This doesnt seem particularly Si, just seems like this person really likes soda a lot.


https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2mbudi/how_do_you_experience_your_inferior_function_in/

The second upvoted comment talks about Si here. It does seem a case of Si not being used well in that he could be remembering specific important dates better if Si were more developed. I dont think having a bad memory is necessarily underdeveloped Si, even I struggle to remember some things, even in adventures/events that I have fun with.

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4rubsm/the_tertiary_inferior_and_polr_functions_and_how/

This post describes inferior Si as a way of potentially always remembering the BAD details of the past and pointing them out which does seem like it could be legit but not every Inferior Si user is going to have this issue.I will admit that sometimes it can be hard to let go of things in the present but like Under_remodel its all about risk vs reward and the circumstances.

Like under_remodel2017 I'm all for trying new things BUT based on the stuff I already like there have to be a number of factors I have to consider before trying it or else like he said it's just a waste of time and I was just better off doing what I was doing.

If you're gonna present a new idea to me related to Ne then have it appeal or relate to my Si about that certain thing in some fashion. As I said I'm all for trying new things but you're gonna have to use words like "Hey you like this right, well this is similar to this because it has ___ and I bet you'll like ___ because you like ___". Just has to be a very convincing argument.1.First off, even I don't mind being lazy sometimes. I have laundry basket that's almost 2 weeks worth of clothes. 

That said, generally when I start something I have this urge to get finished no matter what (outside extreme circumstances). If I don't finish it, somewhere in the back in my mind will continue to tell me something like "ANGE you still have laundry to do!!!". Even if the task is completed at a later date (aka laundry) as long as I plan for it to be done Friday at a very specific date it'll allow me to be lazy.

2.I can relate to it somewhat. It's a mix of legit interest in knowing/confirming the details and to make sure there's enough small talk to not keep the conversation/atmosphere too awkward. 

3.Ooohh boy grip Ne comes out hardcore when I'm stressed. I start thinking of all the ways I could have prevented a bad situation from happening or all the possibilities that could happen based on the bad situation and I lose control of my usual composed self.

4.In short, MBTI is just that interesting to make me keep coming back. In addition, some people have had legit bad experiences with SJ types which I can understand, I have a few SJ family members that can be really annoying but I just try to find ways to make good use of my functions.

5.It depends on the importance of the thing I'm trying to remember. If I don't remember what I had for breakfast, big deal. If it's about games I like or people I like talking to then I'd probably be confused, weirded out and potentially depressed.

6.SOmeone will have to give me a REALLY good, detailed and convincing argument to out this new method. I don't want to take a leap into something if it's going to fail and I just wasted time.

7.I do tend to have issues and stress over things that I messed up on and could have fixed in the past. That said I've recently been trying to use thinking of the past and what I messed up on to improve upon and be a better person going forward.

As far as thinking of the future, I usually tend to think of more of the near future as opposed to like 5-10+ years if you will. Like how will something affect me for the next month or few years or whatever. 

8.I will say the biggest joys are when I help someone out, whether it's a small or big thing and they are both satisfied and thankful. I do get the "getting under appreciated" thing sometimes but I dont like bringing it up since it just seems wrong to do it since you'll seem weak or cocky or selfish or [insert negative adjective]. Sometimes I get anxious that I'm too quiet/boring but I just like to listen and get a sense of how people act without saying anything since people interest me.

As said, I have trouble setting goals that are 5-10 in the future. Like right now I'm a Software Quality Assurance Tester just trying to get better pay while still being in a good location so I can live and pay off my apartment without being too far away. I'm still not sure if I want to be a manger or just get to be a Senior level Tester.

I'd like to get some kind of SO/girlfriend. Not sure if I want to have kids or whatever yet. Outside just living a satisfying happy life, these are honestly the goals I have now.. nothing I deem too fancy.

**About SJs "not seeing the point":**

I can understand why. MBTI isn't really a science with proven facts and psychologists or whatever looking into it. 

That said, I'm taking MBTI for what it is as opposed to what it isn't: a guide to get an idea of how people process ideas and make decisions. I legit have fun getting to know people and how using MBTI functions/types can help me to get to know them beyond just what I see on the surface/stereotypes.

I try to be as open minded about people and things. Even if I personally dont like something I at least try to understand why others would like it. I feel like not enough people do this and are way too judgmental.

**Concluding stuff:**

I don't mind no TLDR. If given questions I have fun answering them. For some reason it's hard for me to talk by myself when put on the spot but if I'm given questions where I can think and type it out I have lots of fun doing them.Sometimes I think Im just a really unique person compared to my type... Or i just have super highly developed Ti/NeI have had issues where I'm too easily influenced on opinions based on what other people say. I do do the whole thing where I won't say my full opinion in a case where opinions could clash because I dont want to start any bad blood because even the tiniest things could lead to bad drama.

That said, I've recently started to become more open with my personal opinions on things, just finding a balance of saying them while being civil about it.1.I main if we're gonna hit rocks I'm going to find a way to get around them. I prefer processes but I can calm down if I see obvious big dangers ahead in the current process.

2.It's mostly context. If I feel the what if ideas do have some sense a  possibility based on how people present them and it's not too farfetch'd then sure. If it's like one of those GAME THEORY videos where they use evidence in a really stupid way or just pull random ass ideas then I'm like... no.

Bonus: I can't really type someone just based on a post or 2. I'm going to need to have a conversation and get to know them at least a little bit.Some SJ Characters from popular-ish media I can think of:

* Hermoine Granger from Harry Potter is most definitely an STJ. Super by the book, follows the rules, always a focused detail oriented individual and isn't afraid to speak her mind to put her friends (or other people) in their place. “It’s people like you, Ron, who prop up rotten and unjust systems, just because they’re too lazy"
* Javert from Les Miserables is an ISTJ. "My Duty's to the law. You have no rights!" "You know nothing of Javert. I was born inside a jail , I was born with scum like you, I am from the gutter too!"
* Sam Gangee from Lord of the Rings is the ultimate ISFJ male. His loyalty to Frodo throughout the series is simply outstanding. "I can't carry it for you, but I can carry you." /cries
* C3PO from Star Wars is an SFJ. "I suggest a new strategy, R2: let the Wookiee win." "Sir, it's quite possible this asteroid is not entirely stable. "This may sound derogotary towards our type but honestly I think a reason we're so good with details is because we're so comfortable with what we know we become 'narrow minded' and focus too much on the stuff we know to the point where we become too good at finding random little details at the expense of taking it much slower in getting interested in new things (Inferior Ne)

Usually when I'm doing a task I just focus on what needs to be done and dont think much about anything else unless I'm like listening to music or talking to someon while doing it.

The details are so minor it's hard to describe since it's not always necessarily the same thing. It can be as small as something was placed slightly different from usual, someone is acting very slightly different from usual, food tastes slightly different from what is supposed to, etc.

If it definitley needs improvement I'll try to look up guides or if I'm confident a few changes in what I can add or change is enough I'll just try stuff out.

I generally only start something if I'm fairly confident I can follow through and keep interested. Otherwise I likely wont start it at all unless someone forces me to do it.

Well the extra security is nice BECAUSE I dont have to think of the unknown which can be scary at times because I dont want to commit to something, get tired and realize it was a waste of time. "ISFP but stubborn" I dunno I know some preetty stubborn ISFPs..1.A very vague/open question but I'll try. I'm really good at thinking of what I want to do during the current day, maybe the next week but always not so good in the long run. I usually like to think of what game/anime/show I want to play/watch when I get home from work. If there's some people I want to hang out with in voice chat (or IRL) I'll try to make time to hang out if I'm not too lazy.

I'm always trying to think of ways to be a better person. It may take some implementing these ways but I try to make a consistent effort. For example some general goals I like to set: not be as lazy, be more social, get out of my shell more, be more confident, etc.

I try to really watch what I say so I don't get someone sad/mad or start any arguments and I can make a decent impression on people. However, sometimes this leads to me getting anxious or sad/mad with myself with being too quiet/boring of a person since I'm not always the most talkative in real life.


2.If I can follow something in a clear, concise / structured matter when possible that'd be great.

I like when people can be as real and honest as possible. It can get annoying when people don't understand each other or get in a fight because someone either hides too much or are way too indirect with how they say things. That said, there are limitations as long as people are honest without being sounding like a douche.

And of course hanging out with people I like, or playing video games/watching shows I like are exciting.https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/52yrd6/if_you_have_any_si_or_sjrelated_questions_ask_here/

I answered a lot of Si related questions people had here so hopefully as a fellow Si users you can relate to the way I answered questions.Yeah goofing around is fun and I like to make people laugh if I can but if I know what their humor style is and it doesn't jive with mine I'll calm down and be more neutral/serious when needed.Depends on the group and how comfortable I am with them. If I'm really comfortable with them I'll more likely at least ask questions so the other side can at least talk. If it's a group I'm not so comfortable with I'll usually stay quiet and just take note.Oh man I'm like the complete opposite of a dreamer. If I don't see something as practical or that I can do or talk about with someone, those kind of thoughts don't even come to my mind at all. I usually don't like "what if" talks because I like to talk about what already exists and what can be improved and what I can do personally to improve if possible. 

One of my main problems has actually trying to be ambitious. I've been stuck at a job that's honestly suboptimal pay for what I do (Software Quality Assurance).  However, I really like the people and community here and I've only really started applying for other jobs since I'm running out of work to do and I'd like to pay bills and not be broke especially since I'm sharing apartment with bro and his gf.I go for a future I think I can actually plan for and see.

I guess for what ifs I'm thinking more about just random talks like GAME THEORIES or random stuff like "Wouldn't it be cool if we had a gaming even for this currently obscure game with 1000 people". So I guess what ifs I refer to pertain more to general things than my personal life.Id love to have more extroverted Fe in my life. Being able to be more open with emotions and people in general would be great and I know its something I could do if I put more effort but I just naturally go into my own personal inner world and Si more than Id like at timesTidus is definitley an ESFP. Has Se in spades and makes his decisions on Fi.

Yuna seems ISFJ in that she sticks to the rules and has the self-sacrificial thing.

Wakka - A kinda tough one but I see him as ESFJ. He's a pretty emotional guy and pretty open about his beliefs, and he's stuck on the Al Behd are bad people based on what he was taught for a long part of the game.

Lulu - Definitley some kind of NT type but hard to tell if she has Ne-Ti or Ni-Te. I'm going to guess INTP since she seems to have more inferior Fe than inferior Se. She's willing to show care for others once she gets to know them but it just takes a bit to actually show it.

Kimahri - Seems pretty ISTJ but he does't talk much. Quiet, sticks to his duty of protecting Yuna at all costs.

Auron - I thought of him as an ISTJ as well. The flashbacks showed he was very faithful to Yevon's teachings (before finding out spoilers) and he stays very faithful and focused to Jecht and Braska's final request. He also has no problems calling any member of the team on any shit.

Rikku - Not sure if she's more Ne-Si or Se-ni but I def think she's an ExFP. Going to guess ESFP?Most definitley Si.* I am very capable of saying no if it's something I really don't want to do.
* I don't mind trying out new things (sometimes)
* If I've had enough of someone my 'loyalty' will be broken and likely gone for good.
Squall is a tough one. He tries to be aloof but his aloof exterior is clearly hidden with bottled emotions. Seems Ti-Fe and Se-Ni so I'll assume ISTP or INFJ. Im just not sure what his general preferred function is.

Rinoa is definitley some kind of extroverted type. She seems Fe-Ti and Se-Ni or either ESTP or ENFJ.

Zell - ESFP easily

Quistis - seems like some kind of introverted Te-Fi type. Going to assume INTJ.

Selphie... Well lets just say the idea of and talking of trains and other things entertains her a lot. Super bubbly and fairly curious person. ENFP

Irvine - I get Ti-Fe and Se-Ni vibes from him. Gonna assume xSTP.

Seifer - He has extreme loyalty to Edea.. Strong Si I can sense. ISTJ? 

Laguna - Definitely has Fe. Wears his heart on his sleeve. seems more Ni-Se so ENFJ?

Kiros/Wars - dont remember them much

If I saw that I would and have made time to remove those but Ive done so much filtering and unsubscribing I dont get double digits anymoreCant say I do but maybe maybe my don/aux are like the opposite of dreamer functionsThis one was linked around on subreddits a few months ago:

https://discordapp.com/invite/0tMZRw97PtPJMaetFor ISFJ I could just post a submissive nice anime girl that people usually consider "boring"I like to get to know people beyond what I see on the surface.

There are motives for every person and just judging them off their 1st personality or conflicting opinions to me isnt a good way to properly fully judge someoneSomeone nice and willing to talk things out so we can make the relationship as fair and honest as possibleI think before we start we should find out what you are interests/passions are.

What would you say those are?&gt; not all opinions are of equal merit

Do you mostly think this when someone doesn't agree with what you think of it?"I must always do what I can do be a better person."

I guess in general for me it's just to be as nice, hardworking, forgiving, seeing how my mistakes can affect other people or myself.Its a mix of both being a better person to others (improve my social standing and others opinion of me) and to have more self confidence in what I doCould just be a case of ESFJs not seeing interest in this subreddit, MBTI in general or just reddit in general.

That said I'm also sure I've seen an ESFJ or 2 around hereI found this quote/analysis from a personalitycafe post

&gt; ENFP/ESTJ: Ne/Te or Te/Ne--Borderline Personality Disorder. The ENFP I described above may have been one of these types. They simultaneously desire to control and dazzle others with their extraordinary leadership and grandiose performances. For the ENFP, this tends to take the form of insisting on consistent, scheduled attention from others for his/her artistic or creative gifts, while for the ESTJ it tends to manifest itself in terms of indignation when others refuse to follow every detail of the user's "visionary" leadership style. This combination, ironically, makes the user extremely dependent upon others for meaning, never really finding a sense of internal balance, no matter how hard he works to create and delegate. While Te leads these types to desire structure and discipline, Ne continually contradicts it by insisting on impulsive displays of creative freedom. Often self-denigrating over the inability to control Ne's impulsive explorations, Te will go to any lengths to keep the user in a position of power and influence, where others must defer to his authority. If Fi/Si were doing its job, these types would recognize that what they're looking for cannot be found outside themselves--they must learn to sometimes live for themselves and only themselves, and forget about external results for a moment.

This seems like a post that could help you understand if you have one and what do for your Fi.

Does this help?Honestly the way I learned wasn't through just one big guide.

In addition to Michael Piece's videos I used:

* The Function descriptions for each type under the "For Skeptics" section on the right hand bar of this subreddit
* Various Discussion and Question Topics on this sub, including questions Ive asked myself.
* For reference here are topics I created that personally helped me slowly understand them more: 
* [A functional analysis based on what I've read](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/3a7o5v/after_reading_many_cognitive_guides_and/), 
* [Simple pictures of my interpretation of each function] (https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/3ihp6o/i_made_a_simplistic_picture_that_represents_how/), 
* [Some funny sarcastic MBTI Guide that has humorous but kinda accurate function analysis](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4214je/sarcastic_functions_for_each_of_the_16_types/), 
* [I asked people to describe what they thought of functions while limiting a lot of overused MBTI terms](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/3ppgxn/describe_each_function_in_a_short_sentence_or/)
* [I asked people to basically do a self-function analysis of themselves](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4zh2vz/describe_how_each_of_your_four_functions_apply_to/)


There are probably others but these are the ways that I remember most.I guess a stronger Fe type. Just willing to be more open with my emotions, more outgoing, and being more of a natural with people while still being fairly organized would be niceISFJ subreddit is fairly quiet, and many times topics have more upvotes than comments which is... Pretty fitting for an Isfj

Facebook ISFJ group is a lot more active though like half the posts are "oh man these are what introverts do do you agree" poc

Thankfully since its a common type I know a bunch of them but my absolute favorite is the one I live with IRL and we are VERY similar[This site formerly known as 25quiz](http://jupiter-34.appspot.com/) seems to be the one most popular to recommend here to at least you get you started.

Many people here will say not to necessarily take the quizzes or the descriptions of the type you get online at face value right away.

Feel free to look at the type you get under "For Skeptics" on the righthand bar or make a post of what the types you get and with reasoning why or why not you think youre that typeGuess Ill be the first to say ISFJ is mostly pretty fitting outside zodaic which I dont care about

What does lovable mean vs say romantic?Ugghh so many problems I caused or could have fixed but chose to avoid and go the conflict route..I can get why people like discussing possibilities or plans/feelings without physical evidence

But for me personally I like to be able to be able to confirm something works with my own 5 senses in some capacity. If it's something I feel like I can use or apply in a plausible scenario it works.

If something is merely conjecture or up in the air Im very skeptical unless someone gives me physical proof that it can be acheivable in some wayIm an ISFJ and I reek of sarcasm around the right people

When with more people I just try to be more straightforwardIts basically how you unconsciously process information or make decisions especially on the dom/aux end where the actions you do are so ingrained in how you live you dont really think about it until someone points it out to youI don't see too many of those kind of topics but maybe I just miss them.

But yeah ISFJ is generally nice subreddit with nice people, if a bit slow.It's the constant Si/Fe thing of where we want to make a topic but we change our mind to not make a potentially unwanted scene.

Or we just prefer to be good listeners.I think this may be a common Si thing but In REALLY picky on how I spend my money. I always like to keep emergency savings money that me or my loved ones may need in that future.

In addition I heavily regret things I spend my money on that If I had to be honest A lot of the info posted (specifically his interests and what he dislikes) arent really helpful for typing him

That said..

The doing workload for others is either Si or Fe. The social anxiety despite supposed confidence in speaking suspects introversion. The changing personalities based on who he talks to sounds either Ne or Fe, would need context of whether its specifically for others or because the idea of different personalities is fun but I suspect Fe.

Being generally laidback sounds like Ti. The underdog thing can be Ti or Ne or both.

So I personally guess... ISFJ actually! Possibly ENTP. Chose these due to Strong Fe shownThis whole post screams ISTJ to me

If you want I can elaborate but everything you said points to oneIt's possible he could have developed Fe or you focused more on the Si/Fe traits of his.

With high Ne and/or Ti he's going to have to show a lot of interest in different ideas/topics that interest him. Does he like to bring the concept of what ifs, does he always like to think of creative ways to do things?

 Does he place an emphasis on doing things that seem interesting to him, does he like to talk logic in a very neutral but to the point way, does he like to pause to think about what to say while speaking often, is he minimally expressive when sayint hings?&gt; Starts dating the person they’ll eventually marry by the end of freshman year.

Forever alone ;_;That... might be trueFirst guess is ISTP

* You seem to have a relaxed but analytical and to the point way of talking about things, which made me guess Ti.  "gotta work with this new info" "maybe I was wrong" "if I'm feeling something, there should be a reason for it...?"
* You seem to have a down to earth/concrete way of talking about and noticing things, so Se. The way you described Question 1 helped since you focused more on the physical details.
* You do seem to have goals and you try to go for them when you can but they don't seem particularly high priority. So tertiary Ni.
* You do seem to care about general group harmony "Well... that sucks, no one wants cognitive dissonance" and how you appear the world "I'm not really a good person". You just don't seem as enthusiastic talking about them. So this leads to inferior Fe. "Just gotta fit in, I guess...? Makes interaction easier if you ask ppl what they like."As an ISFJ im trying to figure out what you mean by self aware and understated in this contextIm an SiFe and organization and planning to detail comes pretty naturally to me...Whoops. FixedI need/have to...
I guess that...
Sorry...Trump is who Ill vote for (even though in my state it wont matter) since like someone elee said I believe him to be the lesser of two of evilsIf there's any obvious "lol intuitive are naturally smarter" statements I just ignore those people since theyre obviously biased/not thinking hard enough

Thankfully there seems to be a handful of intuitives who appreciate sensors and vice versaHonestly as far as I see, type description are gender neutral enough outside things like typical/potential jobs they'd do. For example, I'm sure most ISFJ males would actually NOT be a male nurse since they'd likely (but not guaranteed) at least try to follow previously made society accepted male gender roles (Si) and being a male nurse is not a common thing and nurses seem to be a common recommended job for an ISFJ.

Outside that though I think the descriptions how they think and act are gender neutral enough, how they show these traits may be affected by their gender (roles) or their lifestyle, individual personality but I think a bunch of descriptions are gender neutral enough.This is me 100%Basically!That pic is basically an abstract version of the one I posted. POssibly more accurate but the one I posted was like a mix of meme and trying to kinda describe it seriously in a funny wayWarning lots of weaboo-ness approaching

INTJ: Keima Katsuragi (The World God Only Knows)

ENTJ: Riho Kaguya (Deardrops)

INFJ: Obi-Wan Kenobi (Star Wars)

ENFJ: Takeo Gouda (My Love Story)

INTP: Chiaki Nanami (DanganRonpa)

ENTP: Yamato Naoe (Maji de Watashi ni Koi Shinasai!)

INFP: Miyako Shiina (Maji de Watashi ni Koi Shinasai)

ENFP: Akari Mizunashi (ARIA)

ISTJ: Miles Edgeworth (Ace Attorney)

ESTJ: Christiane Fredrich (Maji de Watashi ni Koi Shinasai!)

ISFJ: Ippo Makunouchi (Hajime no Ippo)

ESFJ: Asuho Minahoshi (Hoshizora no Memoria)

ISTP: Godot (Ace Attorney)

ESTP: Sonic the Hedgehog

ISFP: .. I can't think of any that I like A LOT

ESFP: Rise Kujikawa (Persona 4)**A. Age, gender, and nationality**

27, m, Filipino

**B. What kinds of things do you remember easily? What kinds of things do you usually forget?**

Easily:

* General directions of how to get to places. Not always street names just "oh you turn here because theres this one landmark here"
* I can remember the general vibe of how much I like or dislike someone based on how they acted towards others
* Events and times that I need to do. Usually related to appointments with other people so Im not late.

Forget:

* Names of people I'm not close to. 


**C. What kind of people do you feel most comfortable around? What kind of people make you feel awkward or uncomfortable? What kind of people annoy you the most?**

Comfortable:

* Nice
* Silly
* Similar Interests
* Chill

Awkward/Uncomfortable

* Incredibly different interests
* Getting in people's faces like all the time

Annoy

* They ones you basically "force" people to do things without even asking
* People who are really loud and clearly care too much about what they want to do and how much they are not annoying others
* Anyone who just never listens to others


**D. How do you usually handle interpersonal conflict or confrontation? How do you wish you handled it - what would you change about your usual approach if you wanted to improve?**

* If possible I'll try to avoid it
* However when it's with someone close I'll be more likely to have a real talk with them and let them know what I think as truthfully as possible

I wish I could be more upfront instead of just trying to find ways to pacify/avoid the situation instead of just running away. 


**E. What is your demeanor like?**

How physically expressive are you?

-Not very, my face can show my emotions at times though


How talkative are you? Do you generally prefer to speak or listen?

-I prefer to listen, but generally I like a nice equal give and take conversation if possible.


When you do speak, how loud or quiet are you?

-Generally quiet but the more comfortable/excited I am the louder I'll be.

How "in the moment" do you tend to be - do you feel engaged with people or events around you, or more removed?

-I'm not sure what this means.

Do people think of you as more emotional or more rational?

-Rational, seems to be the impression I get.

Are you generally goofier or more serious?

-Goofier when people Im comfortable with. Serious if not.

Do you stumble on your words? Do you think faster than you speak? Do you skip around to new topics, or skip to the next sentence? Or do you speak evenly and carefully?

-I tend to talk quickly but have to backtrack and fix what I say to make sure I was getting the right point across. When it's relaly imporant I'll speak slower

Do you often forget what you were going to say?

-Not that often.

How often do you get excited? How do you act?

-Not too often but when I do I get really jittery and I may raise my voice.

How often do you get bored? How do you act?

-Not usually, I usually have something I wanto do.

Are you often fidgety, average, or particularly still?

-Average I guess?


Do you find it easy or hard to get moving after a period of rest?

-Depends how motivated I want to do the next thing after resting. If I really want to do something, easy. If not, hard.


Do you get antsy? If so, is it because you just want to "get moving", or is it more about feeling pressure to "be productive"?

-I can be and it's usually to be productive.


How do you feel about spending a whole day just resting and not being productive at all? How often do you do that?

-Even if it's just something liek watching shows or playing games or talking with people I feel liek I have to be doing something or else im wasting a day.


**F. What kinds of things do you seem to notice more than most people? What do you more often seem to miss?**

-I can notice things like how a person laughs (pitch, how often, etc) which I think is kinda unique to me.

I can sometimes miss when people try to send a message in an indirect way through faces or a way of saying words and I get confused. If it's not direct I'll likely wont get it.


**G. Think about your energy, interest level, and skill doing various activities. What energizes you, relaxes you, bores you, or stresses you out? What do you do well, okay, or poorly? What can you do all day, for a while, only in short bursts, or barely at all?** 

Staying home to play games, go in chatrooms/Discords, wathc shows energegizes me

Reading/listening to stuff I dont care about bores me.

Potential discord or drama with people (even just a little) or not living to peoples expectations stresses me out.

I can stay at home all day. I can hang out with people in short bursts, longer if Im comfortable with them. 


*Which of these seem like a waste of time, not just for you but in general?*

Analyzing and improving on complex intellectual theories.

- Waste just for me

Analyzing people's behaviors, feelings, intentions, and social roles (e.g. playing an RPG or gossiping).

-Not a complete waste, can be useful for how to approach/talk to them

Analyzing the lessons or subtle meanings derived from an event or story.

-Can be useful but Im bad at doing it.

Being creative and surprising, such as through improvisation, stand-up comedy, making unique art, or writing a story.

-NOt a waste but Im bad at it

Brainstorming multiple different ideas or possible approaches to a problem.

-Can be userful depending on situation

Comforting and providing emotional support to people one-on-one.

-NOT a waste. Though preferrably with people im close to.

Completing tasks using pre-existing knowledge or instructors' expertise (familiar grammar drills, investigating evidence, building own furniture).

-NOT a waste.

Doing deep personal exploration, perhaps through journaling or art.

-Not for me generally

Familiar daily tasks, such as cleaning, cooking, laundry, etc.

-Technically not a waste but sometimes I wish I can be lazy and not have to worry about them lol

Fighting for a social cause that's very important to you (protesting, writing,
volunteering, etc.)

-If I feel like I can acheive something (changing peoples minds) then yes but generally not worth my time

Figuring out complex problems by looking at examples (new grammar drills, analyzing body language, IKEA furniture).

-I guess it can work

Helping people smooth over a conflict.

-NOt a waste but sometimes I dont know how to approach how to do this

Investigating unknown chains of cause and effect.

-Uhhh 

Making personal or detailed aesthetic choices (decorating a cake, planning a 
sibling's birthday party, taking portraits of loved ones).

-Pretty important to me, maybe not pictures tho

Making predictions or guesses about how things or likely to turn out or what will happen next.

-Usually a waste, just take what happens first, id rather do something else then guess the future

Making widely-appealing, popular aesthetic choices (putting together a fashion show, planning a work/school event, flipping a house).

-Not my thing

Navigating complex systems and rules (bureaucracy, legal code, corporate culture).

-Not my thing

Physical activities that involve reacting quickly to unpredictable situations.

-Not my thing

Physical activities that rely on a lot of practice and repetition to perfect.

-I'm alright with this

Putting together informative projects.

-NOt my thing

Researching and writing reports.

-I REALLY dont like doing htis

Solving challenging analytical puzzles.

-Not my thing

Supervising a large group of people and delegating tasks.

-Not a waste but I dont have the confidence to do this consistently


Teaching or explaining things to people.

-NOT a waste, provided they actually listen

Working on a difficult, "unsolvable" problem.

-Depends on how much worth it'll get my actually solving it.




Hope I'm not too late for thisSFJ subreddits are almost never in discussion =(Seems a little bit better on this subreddit at least.

Its just more pro intutive as opposed to anti-sensor at least.On Reddit there have been a good amount of topics defending sensors or sensors coming out to defend or explain more about themselves which has helped out the anti-sensor.Discord tends to have really shitpost/meme-y like personalities so dont take them seriously unless they're well moddedYeah.. I own a few Discords and I make sure to make shitposting / negative attitudes like that are kept in check but sadly some others dont care or even embrace those attitudes.

But yeah dont take those to heart, stick to the people who actually think and are willing to have good discussions and respect all typesDogs were the first thing I thought of for ISFJ as well.

And they're also by far my favorite animal for the reasons you mentioned &lt;3oh.. thats really dumb. 

Sorry you had that experience but sadly.. some people on the internet are just assholes like that.  You just have to find the right places, even if it takes time sometimes.The people who say EVERY case of shy = introverted and outgoing = extroverted are over simplifying

but on the other hand people make things too complicated when they try to make overly long detailed arguments about how to carefully analyze whether someone is a true introvert or extrovert by reading long books on Jung, etc.

I personally think to not automatically for sure assume someone is intro/extroverted based on shyness/ougoing but perhaps consider the option and then just get to know them to see where their functions really are if you want to know.sounds very ISTJ to me.

Love or at least a natural like of Organization (Si or Te), not being able to get tired of things you eat (si), dont like uncertainity (Si), the very strong inner feelings  that you don't like to show (Fi)Theres always minorities/exceptions to every majoritySilver seems pretty INTJ-ish
Hau from SunMoon is ExFPNot ESFJ but same functions and I've been around a few so I'll try to explain

* The "manipulation" can be mix of wanting to be in control (Si) of your immediate surroundings. However you don't want to "look" bad (Fe) so you have to use indirect/hidden/manipulative tactics like guilt tripping to make them look like the bad guy without having much reason for them to directly blame you while you still being in control.
* Making "unfound" judgments is basically a desire for people to have the same opinion as you (who wouldn't?) Since people who have unsound judgments are going against with what works for the ESFJ user (Si) and they would want people to harmoniously share the same opinion and values (Fe).. they see the people who have these bad intentions and call them out to prevent these people from corrupting the harmonious safe space that they see through their Fe+Si perspective.
* Gossiping is a weird way of getting social acceptance (Fe). By talking people doing something going against the grain (Si) you're essentially creating a common enemy to create harmony and acceptance (Fe) among the people you gossip with while not directly confronting the enemy and making yourself look bad (Fe)

tl;dr - It's a mix of wanting to be accepted by society, being in control of what goes on, actual reluctance to accept different behavior and wanting to keep the peace related to themselves and make sure they don't look bad (in their eyes) Right, I guess practical and down to earth aren't always the same thing. That's what I was trying to convey.

And yeah I'm not saying Sensors are always practical and Intuitives are always abstract its just thats what their preferences/tendencies to lean towards when making general decisions.

WHen making the writeup I thought of Sensors and Intuitives purely in a "Processing Information" mindset since in the end thats what those boil down to (as opposed to F/T being more decision/values based)My brother's girlfriend. All 3 of us live in the same house and even though she's quiet like me we still have fun with just little conversation and shared interests.

She embodies a lot of the more positive (imo) ISFJ traits like being consistently hardworking, always happily doing things to make sure her closest people to her are happy, loyalty while also being a lot more open-minded than many Si types I know (including myself).

And of course she's just really nice and thoughtful and I'm sure that's why my brother went for her (besides her being his type looks wise). When she opens up she has a pretty good sense of humor that we both share so we don't have as many reservations joking around with each other than we would with that average person.

In fact, I kinda look up to her in that sometimes I can be a bit too selfish/close-minded myself and I try to be more selfless open minded to trying things instead of just sticking to my typical rituals.The Si stuff you listed is true... I can't deny.

As an Si user I'll listen things i respect and even kinda envy about Se types

* Ability to more likely enjoy life's changes that comes at you. Many Se types always look so fun when they're just doing things, sometimes I get kinda annoyed at myself when I get anxious at possibly doing something Im not used to doing.
* If there's no set of written instructions or guide on how to do something I get incredibly frustrated if what I have to do is complex. Se type seems more likely to enjoy jumping in and figuring out what to do even without a guide (and likely be good at it). I wish I didn't always hope for/think I need a guide.
* I kinda wish I could appreciate things more for what they were as opposed to what my impressions of them are or comparing them to things I've done or experienced more.
* There are times where Se adaptation to project change on the fly  has worked better than my idea of stubbornly sticking to whats been working even if it wasnt going down the best path.There's always room for improvement.Hmm I like really stupid/silly/immature/vulgar humor.

Don't think it has anything to do with Si/Fe.

I guess the fact that I still crack up at stupid jokes/memes that are like 5-10 years old might be an Si thing *shrug* (For example I still think Kanye West's "George Bush doesn't care about black people" meme/joke is still funny)Count me in as one of those types of ISFJ catholics

Dont even practice/go to mass much anymoreIf the picture is too hard to read here is the stuff in text form:

* True Stereotype:
* Surprising Characteristic:

**ENTJ:**

* True Stereotype: Whatever the ladder is, they're climbing it
* Surprising Characteristic: Actually genuinely interested in how people are doing and what's going on with them

**INTJ**

* True Stereotype: Logical Planners to the max
* Surprising Characteristic: Flirtatious and/or coy as all get out

**ENFJ:**

* True Stereotype: Will 10/10 give good motivational speeches. Also very sensitive to accidentally hurting someone's feelings
* Surprising Characteristic: Can be very stubborn/adamant about things.

**INFJ**

* True Stereotype: Will stare into your soul to find your essence
* Surprising Characteristic: Incredible goofballs that love to have fun

**ESTJ**

* True Stereotype: 10/10 will be super hard on you. 10/10 doesn't mean for you to take it personally.
* Surprising Characteristic: Enjoy being controversial

**ISTJ**

* True Stereotype: The most incredibly steady people you'll ever meet in real life
* Surprising Characteristic: Are generally really personable and happy to be around people. Very non-intimidating and interested in making things work for everyone

**ESFJ:**

* True Stereotype: Gets really anxious taking care of people
* Surprising Characteristic:  Absolutely excel at scathing remarks

**ISFJ**

* True Stereotype: Will bake you cookies and their hair is perfect
* Surprising Characteristic: Rich and complex inner life that goes way beyond the smiles and nods they give on the outside.

**ENFP**

* True Stereotype: Ramble. A lot.
* Surprising Characteristic: Take things a lot less personally than you think. Fans of honesty over placating.


**INFP**

* True Stereotype: Somewhere far, far away in their own little world
* Surprising Characteristic: Could easily level you with one-placed verbal blow and argue you into the ground.

**ENTP**

* True Stereotype: Like to debate with people and play devil's advocate.
* Surprising Characteristic: Don't like to back people into corners or decisions.

**INTP**

* True Stereotype: Nerds to the max
* Surprising Characteristic: Good at engaging people/carrying on conversations when they want to.

**ESFP**

* True Stereotype: Love to party
* Surprising Characteristic: Really need time for themselves, more than you think.

**ISFP**

* True Stereotype: Care about people a lot. Also into fashion.
* Surprising Characteristic: Sinnamon rolls [Small innocent-seeming person that's actually not pure at all.]  to the max.

**ESTP**

* True Stereotype: Must. Always. Be. Active.
* Surprising Characteristic: Can make a plan and make it work quite well.

**ISTP**

* True Stereotype: Sports and hobbies are their thing and they are very good at them.
* Surprising Characteristic: Take their loyalties extremely seriously.I guess I'll take a mostly positive approach compared to others...

ENTJ - Fun to talk to and knows what he wants.

ENTP - One of the funniest people I here

INTJ - Super chill and confident

INTP - They can be entertaining to talk to

ENFJ - I'm honestly in awe in how well they can predict things socially

ENFP - Excitable but usually in a positive fun way.

INFJ - Probably the best person I've asked advice from.

INFP - Very nice and very passionate.

ESFJ - Priotizing and thinking about what people want is sweet.

ESTJ - Very efficient and can count on them to do things right.

ISFJ - Some of the nicest, most organized and surprisingly silly people I know.

ISTJ - Similar to an ESTJ, I can count on them to get things done just in a more quiet way.

ESFP - Watching them go crazy is really fun to watch.

ESTP - Can adapt to change well and pretty good with people.

ISFP - I admire the passion they have.

ISTP - Usually pretty chill likable folk.
This is basically how I use it

SameLots of things get hated on without actual research which is unfortunate but its easier to follow the crowd or a trusted person over making sure you got your facts straightThats only if you focus on the last few months of the year instead of looking at the year as a wholeAlso good for me

I finally moved out of parents house, made a few general improvements in life

Sure the celebrities dying was unfortunate but life goes on and sometimes these people need to go to a better placeAwesome. Dont have to be hounded by parents for little things and I have more alone timeWhat kind of Fe traits do you believe she shows?

Perhaps you could consider an ESTP for her instead if she actually does have lots of Se? Maybe even an ENFJ?Well my ENFJ bro has kinda already did this soo...That one was strangely un-INTP like. MIght just be one of her friends speficially she knows well or something /shrugOutside the usual/stereotypical reasons "one thinkings/logic related and ones feelings related".

Both types can be very outgoing and know how to be popular and liked. You have to look at where they focus on.

Do you focus a bit more on results, facts maybe sometimes at the expense of saying something that could be hurtful to some people even when it's the truth? That is more likely ESTJ.

 Do you tend to wear your emotions on your sleeve but at the same time changing your mood/actions depending on how the feel of the room/atmosphere of the people are like? You're more likely an ESFJ.One of my favorite people in the world is an ESTP 

People who call ESTPs meatheads... i can think of insults for just about any type tooDon't visit many other subreddits but ISFJ is pretty on point. Not many topics made but once one is made there are always helpful/insightful comments and upvotes..

unless there are some not so good topics made by other types which seems to be happening a bunch recently./r/AceAttoney, /r/animedubs, /r/blazblue, /r/guiltygear, /r/streetfighter, /r/visualnovels, /r/smashbros, /r/tales, It's at least fun to see how they type fictional characters though at least half aren't quite good at typing just yet.."Research the functions, everyone should know about them already"Alright I'll pronounce Jung correctly in the future

The more stressed I am, the more composure I lose. If just a little bit stressed I can keep my cool but be a big on edge, at worst I could be really paranoid of what I can do and how it may or may not be the right thing or not.Yeah I can definitely say I'm not always trying to find the truth in life that's too deep for me. I only do it for things I care about.Im really interested in why you think im Ti dom in particularwell I think me being habitual is more than occassional lol. The trying /analyzing new things is something I only developed more recently. When I was in school good luck getting me away from the few friends/games I liked to play

I'm also really stupidly picky about things I try which I believe is based on previous experiences on what I've tried and liekd/disliked int eh past (which is a lot now)intellectual women are attractive

unless they're bitches to go along with it. ' #foreveraloneI can trust Fi being more "real" with me than I need instead of Fe pitying

Theyre a lot less scared to call out BS when im too scared too

I dunno I see plenty of IxTJ types get plenty obviously butthurt...I always thought Kotori was an ISFJ so this seems like an inferior Ne jokeI wish all the different public MBTI discord owners would actually contact each other to group members or something instead of just there being 10 discord invites poster every monthI like to think of ISFJs as sweets. A nice simple good way to make most people happy.Being a vegetarian/vegan would suck for meSee I value my.. values/morals and logical deduction so for a while I was unsure on my type so it's not as obvious as people who have obvious dom Fe/Te/Fi/Ti whatevs I dunno if you want to do all True/False or if you want to do the scale of 1-5 like some tests. Here's some ideas (I can only talk about functions I myself have, I don't want to be wrong about ones I can't speak about as well for).

Si

* You have a big tendency to avoid things that make you uncomfortable.
* You much prefer adjusting to a smaller but consistent environment.
* You tend to have a very subjective interpretation of events that may be unique to you or not understandable by many others.
* You tend to internally judge events, objects or people based on particular (and sometimes unexplainable) meanings they have to you.

Fe

* Importance of following people's/world's morals/values.
* Importance of harmony with peers and acquaintances
* Need to action to make sure a general situation goes down an amiable/ideal path.
* Tendency to (overly) hold back what you say/do for the sake of people
* Importance of a friendly/supportive atmosphere.
* Your emotions tend to be really obvious to people, whether it's on your face or how you act or what you say.
* Sometimes you are unsure of how you really feel about a certain action done or value you hold.

Ti

* Facts can be important, but most importantly you have to absolutely make sure something makes sense to you.
* You don't mind taking your time to make sure you get to know and understand something.
* The way you analyze and interpret things might not jive with how the majority of the world does.
* If the details aren't on point, it heavily bugs you.
* You are willing to change your interpretation or analysis if new information seems important enough.
* Actions that "don't make sense" makes you umcomfortable

Ne

* New ideas and opportunities related to your interests get you excited.
* You have a tendency to connect the dots easily.. to see how one thing is related to another.
* Starting something new tends to be the most exciting part.
* Sometimes what could be or is unconventional is more exciting to talk about that what currently is.
* There are many things in life that get you curious and interested.Nice video

I recently made a vid of myself talking to see what my MBTI was. Do you have an idea what time I am just by looking at my eyes (dont have to watch the whole thing)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6Uoc2x7C4E

I've gotten ISFJ and INTPhmm I see.. so you think it's a mix of the soft expression and tendency to keep darting my eyes around?Got this win anal retentive close second

Seems fitting for ISFJ?Sometimes being grounded is better than being "psychic". Intuition sounds cool and all but going based off what seems right isnt always the best thing to do and could screw yourself and others overI think the "answering how you wish you were" thing is overstated. That seems to be a particular small group of people and even then the people who call out people for being mistyped could be wrong too, no ones gonna be perfect at typing especially if you only know people through an online forum/social media platformNah I wasnt targetting you when you said that. I just know a lot of people on this subreddit really don't like tests because they get this idea that it causes people to to try to answer what they want to be when it's not really as common as they think outside people who know what MBTI is and know what type sounds cooler.ENFJ and ISFJIf someone has a distinct laugh or sound they make when they talk I like to mimic/make fun of it down to the tempo, pitch (I have perfect pitch) and volumeHow are we defining love in this case?

We got to a point where you legit love someone to have a mutual give/take relationship? You had a crush on someone out of lust or something they did but didn't move on much from there?Combination of Fe keeping in mind what other people do, Si of random details stick out to them they care about and Ti/Ne getting a kick out of being/impersonating themI know an ISFP who really didnt like herself much and unfortunatley it kinda ruined a bunch of close friendships she had like with my brother just by being negative like half the time she talked as well as voicing thoughts shes being replaced/valued enough.Personally guessing ISTP

Ti dom - Big emphasis on doing stuff that interests you. Have a very analytical way of describing yourself. Also like of you being your own boss being able to do what you want.

Se aux - The way you describe what you like and focus on seems very physically and practically oriented. If you dont get some kind of sensation (aka you get bored) you'll get less motivation and maybe drop what you do.

Ni tert -  Many of your doubts seem Ni oriented like occasionally needing outside help, your appearance potentially not being good for a visual/performing arts career, and your tendency to have focus on interests specifically to avoid your "scary" thoughts.

Inferior Fe - You are aware of social expectations but ultimately they seem to bother you more than you try to actually conform to them. That said outside praise is clearly important to you for your work.I embrace labels as necessary evils. They bring out some of the best and worst of people but ultimately affect everyone even if people don't want to admit it.Yes

My ENFJ bro basically did this and they all worship himThats.. probably true of me&gt; normie

&gt; INTJ

Nah man you in that 1% representation totally not a normieEven IxFJs?Just do it and dont talk to me for 1-2 months after even if I look okIm a forgiving personNe - having to do something new that you may not be used to or needing to brainstorm new ideas to get something done

Se - forced to do physica activity or dealing with on the spot adaptions that go against plans/visions of what you wantedIm an Si user and history was by far my least favorite subject because ultimately while im grateful for what happened it isnt something I can attach myself and care about since well.. it's way in the past and I didnt have actual experience with ithttp://i.imgur.com/nbC8Xt3.jpgI definitley so try to go for some way I can help when possible"I can help"This also correlates to real life to be fair.

If you ask something in a Fe-like way that makes yourself appear more cordial as opposed to more direct naturally you'll get more people willing to talk to you.

People can talk down on Fe types for being "fake" buts in a way theyre better at using the psychological system to their advantage.Being creative with cooking is fine sometimes but since cooking is very precise and detail oriented of how you make things you just want to to eat something you know youre comfortable with

Food can be an art but ultimately its supposed to be something people should enjoy and want to go back to and while that topic does seem circlejerky there is good reason why they are like thatIve gotten typed as an ISTJ just because Im "logica/rational" and "good at math"

Ive gotten typed as an INxP because of how I look around when I talk in a webcamI just like to take extreme statements like ""Why would anyone want to make it different" not very seriously since these tend to be the outspoken minority on the internet in many communitiesThe perception of people saying theyre fake is more how much theyre willing to compromise to, as you say "make friends". To some it probably just seems like youre lying about your personality (even if its just a little bit) when in reality you just naturally know how to be friendly and get people to like you in an effective way

I do think its unfortunate that Fes are called fake to an extreme when theyre people and they just have a different method of interacting and showing their valuesI have an ENFJ bro im close with and he talks to me about his social life and hes the same.

Sure hes good at making lots of friends but in the end hes just looking for quality friends he can talk to a lot and be connected long termTldr: theyre just jealoushttp://i.imgur.com/a4t5T2B.jpgWhile I personally agree with my type for this, this is pretty much the cliffnotes version of MBTI stereotypesFor the course they want people to define the why for these values as "for self confidence and clearly why a person clearly as worthy as anyone else"Is MBTI something your born with or is it decided when you reach a certain point in your life?Small Groups of People who had nerdy interests but weren't too socially awkward or obnoxious.

We need like a tier or grade list of someone who can give objective analysis on the experience of all 16 typesSeems pretty INTJI considered that too. 

Some parts seemed like inferior Fe/Ti but some parts seemed Ni/TeSi: Pointing out interesting little things/details many people won't catch

Se: Describing characters' experiences in very rich detail

Ni: Very good at setting up a theme, and sticking with and writing around it till the end.

Ne: A wide variety of stories and experiences that are unpredictable.

Fe: Telling stories in a way that won't get listeners upset in any way.

Fi: Telling stories in an excited passionate way.

Te: The story would be VERY well structured.

Ti: There would be absolutely 0 plotholes.There were a few situations where Im pretty sure girl and me liked each other

Unfortunately my lack of confidence and shyness was through the roof, I did too much of trying to ask friends what they thought if the girl liked me for sure and only sometimes talked to girl(s) through AIM.

Its funny tho when I was in 7th grade I kissed a girl and she even let me feel her up (she seemed like a loose girl now that I think about it..) while we were under a blanket fort we made at her house. So I had potential but I soiled it afterwards.

Basically my social skills were shit, my confidence was shit and I was super insecure about being quiet.

I kinda wish I brought my current confidence to back then, I feel like I would fare better

Sadly Im in a situation where its tough to find people to talk toAs an ISFJ, I agree with your ISFJI guess equality?What the hell is a "Jonathan Livingston Seagull" and a "Zarathustra"
Meanwhile Fe/Ti types keep their opinions to themselvesTo be fair I would think Fe types would be best (or at least good with potentially) at trolling because they know how to get under people's skin since they're most alert/knowledgeable about how to interact with people. 

Fe doesn't always necessarily mean harmony, could also mean "emotional manipulation" for better or worse.Some of the most genuinely nicest caring people around. The thing is since they have potential to be so good at it, it may be hard for most people to notice unless you really look hard into it.I always thought Anakain was Se over Ne personally&gt;  I'm very positive that i use Fe.

Reading the topic I definitely saw lots of hints of Fe down to politeness, sensitivty orderliness and feeling really bad about you portray yourself.

Honestly despite what you say about being bad with physical the way you talk seems very Si.

imo you're an ISFJ but just have been using Si and Ti more (I won't use the "loop" thing cuz it's silly term). You do have Fe and it does affect how you approach life but it seems like you just need to improve it more to get a better idea of how to appear/act more sensitive to others because clearly it's very important to you.Always pointing out every single action a person makes is bad in a certain way even if it's just talking behind a person's back.About as required as your commentDon't trust anyone, not even yourself.**Question 1**

*How do you identify yourself, demographically speaking? Be as vague or specific as you want. (The only requirement is you must tell me your age because I find this to be a highly influencial factor in how confident I feel about typing you.)*

27, M, Filipino ethnicity but American born and raised my whole life, Straight

**Question 2**

*What type do you think you are? Why do you think you are this type? If you do not know your type, why do you think that is? Be as specific as possible.*

ISFJ. 

I'm Si as fuck. For a while I wasn't sure with ISFJ or ISTJ but I did a function type analysis on myself.

Si - A lot of my current favorite video games are from series I played when I was a kid (Nintendo and JRPG) and it takes me a lot to try a new genre. I'm very conservative with spending and I keep track of how much money I spend and always try to find ways to spend less and save more. I'm big on having a eating/drinking routine, in particular I almost always make the same smoothie every morning for breakfast. I usually don't like abstract / what if talks. If it's something that can't be applied that could potentially be related to or done on a physical level I just dont even bother taking part of discussions. A lot of decisions I make tend to be present/past oriented and Im not always good at making or thinking about future goals.

Fe - In general I really try to avoid conflict as much as possible, even if I really want to argue something I'm afraid I may hurt someone feelings by potentially getting too heated in an argument. Before making big decisions I like to consult with at least 1 person I'm comfortable with the topic about. When trying new games/hobbies I try to make sure I know people or good communities already exist and really want to be a big part of them.

Ti- I really like to be overly precise in how I say things to a point to where I screw up, I make sure to back up and say what I mean as accurately as possible. If I'm comfortable enough with someone, I'll try to correct any slight mispronunciation or details they said incorrectly. I like to analyze why people tend to like/dislike things or do certain actions and make my own conclusions. I usually try to bring some degree of logic to discussions, even if it's just my own personal thoughts and analysis on things.

Ne - When I'm stressed I always think of how everything went wrong or all the different ways I could have prevented a bad situation. I'm not always the best in intuitively connecting the dots when it comes to some people's actions and what they really mean. Every so once in a while I'll come up with a crazy weird idea given all the stuff I've experienced 

Only reason I still consider ISTJ sometimes is because people tend to notice how logical/smart I am as noticable.. but then some people know me as one of the nicest people they know..

**Question 3**

*What would getting a 100% accurate MBTI type mean to you? Be as specific as possible.*

One less silly meaningless thing to worry about. Whenever there's a subject/hobby I like a lot I can be a bit obsessive of how I go into it but also to make sure what I like and my place in said hobby is correct.

**Question 4**

*If you were given the opportunity to broadcast yourself on video to the entire world for one minute, what would you do with the time?*

Probably just give a speech about how there's so much hate in the world and we should all do a part to reducing unnecessary negativity. Would try to think of practical small examples people can start with.

**Question 5**

**In what ways (if any) are you misunderstood by society?**

I guess by peers/family/etc I'm a LOT more sensitive then I let on. I just hide it to not get unnecessary attention from people taking time out of their life to think about my problems lol. I'd rather get to know other people's opinions/problems

Outside that I think I'm prettty straightforward and easy to understand..

**Question 6**

*What personal life experiences (if any) do you think have had a significant impact on your development?*

Some really awesome friends I've had, online and IRL. Even little compliments and fun things we do together get my self esteem up. For the longest time I was a super quiet guy, part of it was lack of self confidence due to some personal parental issues, changing schools and being afraid to do things when I fail. 

**Question 7**

*There is no specific question here, but it is an opportunity to link videos, pictures, or other things that you think would be helpful in ascertaining your type. It is essentially your chance to say whatever you want or that you think is relevant. Do with it what you will.*

I actually made a video of me describing myself for 20+ minutes askin for my type a long time ago:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6Uoc2x7C4E

Not sure what else to postI think hes specifically targetting people who always say "SO MANY PEOPLE ON MBTI COMMUNITIES ARE MISTYPED" In addition to the "cant believe there are so many intuitive online compared to supposedly more sensors existing"interesting, I've gotten an INTP typing before

What makes you say INTP?&gt;  I've noticed around me that the 16 personalities have been pretty dead on.

inb4 half the subreddit is triggered

Anyways, I don't have much experience with ESFPs, but maybe you can ask /r/ESFP?
I getcha, that's what I do too sometimes. &gt; ITT Ne vs. Ni: Begun the Intuitive Wars has

I'll just hide in my little Si corner over there...I'm

**The Priestess**

https://i.quotev.com/img/q/u/14/12/9/27a3fdd8ae-THE_.jpg

The Priestess is a symbol of hidden knowledge or other untapped power, wisdom, mystery and patience.

Usually quiet, reserved, and very intelligent. Often modest and shy, and won't open up easily to others."The type that's born mute.I'm loving the hell out of it. Persona 3 and 4 were some of my favorite games ever. P4 but it's not by a lot. While I played 3 FES I still would have liked 4 more even if I played P3P first.

Just like character interaction and social links and story more.On the internet its definitely pretty split for sure.

Persona 4 definitely blew up a bit more for casuals tho

I'm interested to see how P5 fares. Depending on how story/characters go it could surpass both games

P5's already winning in gameplay due to dungeons and lots of conveniences.Appreciate all the little things in life. 

Sometimes those are the things that ultimately make you a better/happier person.Dwarves can be a pretty chill and useful race in a bunch of RPGs

Sometimes it's not about the size, but the techniqueI priortize not wanting to hurt other peoples feelings which will cause me to be too quiet or not do/say things which Would either be better for me or a communityWhat you described about yourself definitley sounds like inferior Fe to me

The thing with functions is that they can mainfest in many ways

* You can like the idea of group harmony/relationships but you just prioritize truth/potential bluntness first when possible
* You WANT to express harmony/good external values but just dont know how to express them when youre so used to talking/processing in a more logical sounding way
* You like the stuff but just consider it so much less important and treat it as such on purpose

The thing with inferior functions is that while theyre a big part of you theyre just that hard to develop when your priorities are your first 3

Personally I just like to focus on developing the first 3 functions mostly while keeping my weakness of he inferior in mind and while itll develop slower it will develop eventually as you mature and have more experienceI like going to parties (when im invited to them) of people I know. I dont take part of getting drunk but I dont mind talking to people I dont know as long as they arent annoying

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayAu5OkvwGYI havent dated anyone yet but I feel like if I did I feel like I'd be similar to that Ti heavy ISFJ guy you datedwell see, and that's another issue we say they're different but Si for whatever reason is one of the hardest functions to pin down and accurately describe despite being the most common top 2 function in humanity (apparently).

Si is always seen as the "people who stick to whats comfortable to them" and while that may be true a bunch of articles and posts in this sub recently are starting to actually look into it a little moreSomething that's idealistic in a good way to some people would just outright too extreme for some peopleNothing subjective is ever truly 100%She seemed pretty ESTJ-ishYou dont follow the function theory on this sub, you get chewed out for using any other methodDamn are these like 3rd-5th graders?A bunch of stuff I find funny would get many people offended

Just have to find out if the other person can accept certain parts of humor I like and adjustGenerally yeah, I try to tailor jokes so people can find it funny.. assuming im good at them of course

I would try really hard to hold it inDown to earthFe: Is this the type of box everyone else is using?

Fi: But is this MY box? Can I do what I want with it?

Si: How is this box similar to other objects I've used before?

Se: This box feels like it was made out of cardboard.lol what can I sayISFPs are steroetyped into artists/actors/whatever

I know it's a stereotype but I can say the fact that I can be super impressed with obviously good acting/art (digital or hand drawn) is a testament that ISFPs that fit the steroetype have a place in the world for me

and if an ISFP doesnt do one of those thigns they probably have some kind of specialty people just dont know about.If being a normie is not being a faux intellectual elitist douche

I'll happily be a normieUse of inferior Te at times

They try to argue something as fact when they're just obviously trying desperately to show their genuine opinion is the REAL one just because some other facts/people support it but trying to look 'logical' about it when they're clearly just being very passionately angry and want to be right or convince the other how WRONG their opinion is (when it's clearly just a difference of opinion, people can have different opinions!)

If I want to find a more 'logical' argument I'll try to find my local Te/Ti type thanks.┬┴┤ ͜ʖ°˵]├┬┴

I don't know what's going on this pic anymore lolI would say as opposed to ENTPs being "trolls"; ENFPs are just trying to find different ways to share their same strong opinion(s) on things
Could you describe more about yourself?

With the  info you provided it's kind of hard for people to help judge if you are ESFP, ISFP or even something elseWell if you can relate to both Se and Fi it may be good to look at lower functions to see what your weaknesses/actions that could be improved are?

Would you say you have a bigger weakness in terms of not being interested abstract talk or considering the future or tendency to misinterpret things and peoples actions. (inferior Ni)

Or would you say you have a bigger weakness in terms of tendency to ignore/rebel against rules, focusing too much on morals and not on facts, in general trying too hard to stick out (inferior Te).My ENFJ brother said an interesting quote to me recently. 

"Sometimes I have trouble enjoying what Im doing in the present because Im already thinking of what I want to do in the near future.

For example, I was eating these really good tacos I made but I couldn't fully enjoy it because I was planning what to cook for tomorrow and the rest of the week.

Sometimes I envy my (ISFJ) girlfriend because she lives much more in the present than I do."


Do any other heavy Ni user experience thoughts like this?Whether it's because of lack of experience talking a type or liking a type so much but they're just not around as much you'd like or whatever.

I know a bunch of dom Fi types online but very few in real life and I'd like to meet more. I don't think I've been antiquated with a true INTP IRL as well.I found a site that has a lot of popular fictional characters that have had their types based on fuctions (dom, aux, tert and inferior) and giving reasons to debunk other popular typings for characters:

https://mbtifiction.com/current-wips/

For example here's some for

Aragorn
https://mbtifiction.com/2015/06/06/aragorn/

Hermoine Granger
https://mbtifiction.com/2014/11/24/hermione-granger-estj/

Anakin Skywalker
https://mbtifiction.com/2015/12/20/anakin-skywalker-esfp/


I was wondering if anyone knew any other sites/forums that have nice function by function analysis like these. Ive seen stray ones from time to time but this is the only place Ive seen a lot of them compiled into one page.They can be pretty descriptive as you want. Or they can just be 1-3 words if you feel it's fitting enough  or you're too lazy.


Si - A lot of my current favorite video games are from series I played when I was a kid (Nintendo and JRPG) and it makes me a lot to try a new genre. I'm very conservative with spending and I keep track of how much money I spend and always try to find ways to spend less and save more. My eating/drinking routine, in particular I almost always make the same smoothie every morning for breakfast. I usually don't like abstract / what if talks. If it's something that' can't be applied that could potentially be related to or done on a physical level I just dont even bother taking part of discussions. A lot of decisions I make tend to be present/past oriented and Im not always good at making or thinking about future goals.

Fe - In general I really try to avoid conflict as much as possible, even if I really want to argue something I'm afraid I may hurt someone feelings by potentially getting too heated in an argument. Before making big decisions I like to consult with at least 1 person I'm comfortable with the topic about. When trying new games/hobbies I try to make sure I know people or good communities already exist and really want to be a big part of them.

Ti- I really like to be overly precise in how I say things to a point to where I screw up, I make sure to back up and say what I mean to say as accuratley as possible. If I'm comfortable enough with someone, I'll try to correct any slight mispronunciate or details they said incorrectly. I like to analyze why people tend to like/dislike things or do certain actions and make my own conclusions. I usually try to bring some degree of logic to discussions, even if it's just my own personal thoughts and analysis on things.

Ne - When I'm stressed I always think of how everything went wrong or all the different ways I could have prevented a bad situation. I'm not always the best in intuitively connecting the dots when it comes to some people's actions and what they really mean.
Like for example you always see a guy always coming up with innovative entertaining ideas I like to think "dang this guy's Ne is super strong."

Or when someone's stressed and they really like to tell you and others in great deal of what you did wrong it's a case of Ti likely being in the lower part of their stack, most likely their inferior function.

Or if I'm not entirely sure of what their type/stack is but given they can be quite perceptive and goal oriented with necessarily needing proven physical evidence is a sign that Ni/Se is part of them.**An argument has started about something and both/all parties have started to get a bit fired up**

* Fe - I may argue my points a bit but I'll mostly stay quiet or neutral to keep the peace

* Fi - ~~My opinion is right, nothing you say will make me change my mind and I will defend it to the death!~~ "My opinion is based on my core values and therefore I will silently still believe in it."

* Te - ~~Your opinion is wrong and you should feel bad for having such a wrong opinion~~ Your argument is contrived bullshit look at these facts are you incapable of comprehending reality? You are blatantly wrong you fucking imbecile you are barely even sentient you make my dog look like Einstein and my dog is fucking dumb as shit. (...10 minutes later - "what argument? That was a friendly conversation.")

* Ti - ~~Your opinion is factually incorrect because point1, point2, point3, point4, point5, etc~~ um you contradicted yourself and are using so many fallacies you are wrong. So many inconsistencies I can see. (continues to get angrier as the argument continues). 


**You're hungry and Deciding what to eat for your next meal**

* Si - That food I had last week was so good I can almost taste it! I think I'll have it again..

* Se - I'll just go around and just go for whatever looks and/or smells good

* Ni - ~~I'm in the mood for this particular kind of dish, I'm going to do what it takes to find the one that looks the best!~~ Today is the day that I'm going for that dish that I settled on and mentally prepared for since 5 weeks ago. And it's going to be glorious.

* Ne - Oh man this would be great to eat!.. but this is also great... this sounds good too.. Let's go with something completely different!

**Thoughts that may come in when choosing when making a big decision with what to do with your life let's say after high school/college**

* Fe - Which one would I get to interact with a good amount of people with? Which one would be convienent for or make everyone I know agree with or happy?
* Fi - I want to follow my passion no matter what. 
* Te - The answer is the one that will push me closer and faster to the goals I've set.
* Ti - I may think about it for a bit so I can choose the option that is the most interesting.
* Si - What will change in my life if I choose this option? Will I really be ok with this?
* Se - I'm going to what the option that just feels right to choose and go for it!
* Ni - What is the option I feel like would be the most ideal to go with in the long run? I'll go with that.
* Ne - This would be an awesome thing to do, but this would also be awesome! I didn't even think of these options until now. There's so many exciting opportunities out there!Ive been seeing topics and posts about how SJs are apparently the most misunderstood types or they have trouble figuring out or describing Si

I want to help clear things up for these types and hope that people can at least understand these types more and possibly shed light on why they shouldn't be as negatively viewed?

I can't speak for every Si/SJ user so if any other Si/SJ users here wanna help answer questions that'd be neat.

That said, feel free to ask questions here and I'll help answer them if I can.So I've done a search through this subreddit and other sides and I know the theory of how people usually explain Te vs Ti (Te is more fact/goal oriented, Ti is more consistency/process oriented). So Te is the more objective logical function while Ti is the more subjective.

So does this mean that Te generally tries to stray away form any personal analysis that doesn't involve facts proving (or disproving) their points?

Does this mean Ti may or may not accept facts if it's consistent with their thoughts? What exactly defines and develops Ti stream of logical consistency? 

For the most part, I feel like I'm able to get a gauge of typing and determining whether someone has extroverted or introverted functions. However there are times when I get stumped and many times it's usually determining if someone has Te or Ti (when it's dom/aux and sometimes checking for Fe/Fi doesnt always work). What are some general good tendencies or quotes to get a general feel if someone is Te or Ti?

What would be the differences of showing dom/aux Te vs tert/inf Te. How about dom/aux Ti vs tert/inf Ti?

Is it weird that I can confuse Te for Ni/Si? I know they are introverted functions but I feel like when getting a sense with how much structure/vision people want in their lives I feel like I can confuse the two because you it's possible to have Ni/Si without Te.

Is it generally true that Ti will be more likely to learn information just for the sake of learning since it's interesting to them while with Te they want to learn something because it has a purpose or goal or otherwise it's worthless? It feel like both functions can have both of these traits.

I guess when we look at them a little more fundamentally does this mean Te is more like to be open with sharing it's logic outwardly (Extroverted)  while Ti is more likely to think to itself a lot before sharing it with the class (introverted)?

Does this post feel more Te or Ti in nature? Or neither?I know sometimes when people like to type others, they sometimes bring up that Enneagram may be more important when typing a specific action or thing people like to do.

What do you consider your (2nd) preferred personality test besides MBTI? Enneagram, Socionics, Big 5, something else?Current systems and what's been around are important and have helped  shaped currently working ideas but don't forgot to try new things, you may find something that's an improvement over what you're currently doing.

On the other hand, It's great to have a nice imagination since life won't be as boring if you're always thinking of new things but don't forget about what you currently have because they can be a great fallback or go to when you're in need of them.

It's good to have a vision of what you want to do and proudly follow it but don't let that focus get too narrow... sometimes let yourself go and appreciate all the nice things that are around you.

It's great to be able to fully appreciate all the fun physical sensations and activities but don't forget that you're life needs vision and focus, sometimes that unconscious feeling you have will be helpful in you life.

It's good to do things with the intent of how they affect other people but sometimes you have to analyze and think of what you're doing is actually the right thing.

On the reverse spectrum it's great to be able to cut through BS and find out the actual truth no matter what but dont always do it at the expense of forgetting that what you say and do can affect the people around you.

It's good to be able to use facts and hardcore planning to make your life more organized and efficient but don't forgot to sometimes ask yourself if what you're doing is what you REALLY want to do.

Conversely it's great to be able to know what be in tune with yourself as an individual and feel passionate about and act on it but don't fully turn your back on methods and systems, they may be what you need to make your life better.

I feel like I have a good grasp at finding every Dom/Aux of other types but Ti has been difficult to me.

I get the idea of how Ti users work. They're fond of creating their own logical deductions of things and are open to change based on what they think of/experience. They can tend to focus more on digging deep to find out what's REALLY true as opposed to just relying purely on facts.

Outside of that it's hard for me to get a grasp of general tendencies to look for when trying to guess if someone has Ti. Especially if it's higher up. It's been easier to just find out if they have Fe and how high up it is (or isn't)

What are some ways you guys use to pinpoint a Ti user?Ti- I feel like my Ti's been developed pretty early. I like taking part of discussions in discussing what are opinions are and getting to learn and understand what people have to say about those. I've always liked self-analyzing things and other people's opinions to see if I personally think they seem correct or not.

I feel like I might have actually been in a Si-Ti loop for a while.

Ne- This is still a problem for me. There actually are new things I'd like to try but I'm too comfortable with stuff I'm comfortable with I'm not always trying them. I've been getting a little better at this as well as well as occasionally creating random creative ideas. Still can't go over me always thinking of all the bad possibilities or ways I could have prevent a bad situation when in Ne inferior stress mode.Here are the pages for each type description

* [NiTe (INTJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/nite/)
* [TeNi (ENTJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/teni/)
* [NiFe (INFJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/nife/)
* [FeNi (ENFJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/feni/)
* [TiNe (INTP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/tine/)
* [NeTi (ENTP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/neti/)
* [FiNe (INFP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/fine/)
* [NeFi (ENFP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/nefi/)
* [SiTe (ISTJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/site/)
* [TeSi (ESTJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/tesi/)
* [SiFe (ISFJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/sife/)
* [FeSi (ESFJ)](http://www.typeinmind.com/fesi/)
* [TiSe (ISTP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/tise/)
* [SeTi (ESTP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/seti/)
* [FiSe (ISFP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/fise/)
* [SeFi (ESFP)](http://www.typeinmind.com/sefi/)

Some pages are a little more detailed than others but it looks like each type to me is at least decently detailed to give an idea of how the main functions interact with each other. I also like how they refer to each type as its Dom/Aux type put together (e.g. NiFe, FiSe, etc)

I think it's something cool that I wish other type description sites did more.

This was taken from /r/isfj.



This subreddit has been getting a bit better in appreciating or at least respecting sensors a bit more. However, due to the amount of praise intuitive types get in general (in terms of what people type themselves and others as) some people may be more likely to try to see themselves as an intuitive when they're really a sensor

I want to raise some points on the good points about being a sensor and to think of your type to make sure you're not actually a sensor

**Intuitive Strengths**

I'll start off by saying this is NOT going to be an anti-intuitive or "Sensor Master Race" kind of topic. I believe both kinds are important to society in different ways.

Intuitives are types where their major strengths in the abstract, what ifs and just different ideas. Nis both can have intense focus towards a particular goal they want or are good at unconsciously reading the motives of others without needing evidence. Nes are great both at brainstorming new ideas, living and trying out said ideas as well as connecting the dots.

Both Ni and Ne are great for the abstract. Many notable great leaders or innovative creators that have made something new that is now a common are Intuitive users and deserve respect.

Looking at the big picture can be very helpful for many situations as opposed to being bogged down by the little things.

**Sensors Strengths**

However, sensors strength is in the physical world. Ideas, goals, abstract thinking are good and needed in some places, but sometimes we need that person or group of people who can offer a more down to earth opinion or offer something in a physical related sense.

For example, I have an intuitive (ENFJ) brother and I have to admit he's pretty inspiring in how he can get me to try new ideas or how he's good at looking at the big picture to do what needs to be done. On the other hand, if one his ideas sounds nice in theory but practically just can't work well consistently I'll be the first to tell him so and provide a different perspective in how the same thing could be accomplished in a way that could be more practical.

Using my brother again as an example.. we live an apartment and he thought of great ideas we can use to keep track of how much we owe each other each month (an online excel spreadsheet with tabs for eeach month as well as the general format), a website for keeping track of recipes we want to try out, a shared credit card, and is usually the first to think of a new recipe or thinking of a new way to optimize cooking, cleaning, etc.

However, my brother can be busy and sometimes he can have trouble keeping up with the chores or cleaning up. He trusts me with managing our money because  (1) I've always been good at math  (2) I'm good at remembering to stick to the deadlines (3) making sure no is getting short end of the stick. I make it a point to make sure these tasks are taken care of in a consistent way and preserve the good idea he setup.

I know this is kind of more  Si vs Ni I thing, I definitely don't want to leave you Se types out there hanging but I was just using an example from my own personal experience to show that both the abstract side of intuitive and practical side of sensors are both needed in life.

**Se types**

I'm not a Se type so I won't be able to sing their praises as well as I could but I know a decent amount of them IRL. A common stereotype I see if Se types is that they are usually either party animals, big risk takers, artists, actors, mechanics, etc. And you know what.. even though you don't HAVE to have Se to be any of those is being any of those really such a bad thing?  

Se is all about the present and appreciating and working with the physical things you can in life. Sometimes I feel like non-Se users take a lot of these things for granted too much. Sometimes taking that risk and going all in on a physical experience can be rewarded with sticking too much of what seems good in your mind (Ni/Ne) or always going with the consistent patterns (Si).

Se are some of the most fun but also some of the most down to earth people I know. Even with a need to take immediate (or close) action to things they want to do, they don't always go about it in a fully reckless way. The fact they are aware of the physical world can make them be more prepared at a quicker pace than other types.

That Se user could be the one that makes your life more fun but could also be one who can keep you in the loop on the happenings in a practical easy way to understand.

**Si Types**

Si types can get flak for being overly stubborn, controlling, stuck in traditions or "boring". This is an overly negative view and only applies to more 'unhealthy' cases (every type has unhealthy cases). I like to think of Si types as the ones who keep it real consistently.

Si types tend to be the some of the most detail oriented people. Many jobs require a good level of consistency and detail. Si types can sometimes be underappreciated for jobs like these. Someone needs to do these types of jobs to keep systems, companies and people going strong.

Si tends to be known for sticking to traditions, and that isn't always necessarily true. It's more to sticking what in your experience knows works practically consistently well and/or what you enjoy. For example, I never liked some of the Filipino related traditions I had living with my parents and when I finally moved out I was more than happy to discard them and make better ones.

Si users tend to be known for never changing what they do and that's not necessarily true. If systems or procedures need change in some way many others would be like to make a big overhaul to a system or just flat out ignore a system altogether. However, sometimes a system doesnt need a big overhaul and just needs some fine tuning to the details to make it more optimal. I believe this is where Si excels at best, if something needs little changes to details Si can use their natural strength at recognizing patterns and details to figure out what REALLY needs to be improved without changing too much.

Si user's scope of how they view and do things or who they talk to can admittedly be on a smaller scale than every other type. However I dont think that's necessarily always a bad thing. It makes the Si user more focused and more knowledgeable on very specific areas. In sometimes cases, if I wanted to get to know a particular subject in all its detail I would trust an Si user in that department.


**Intelligence**

This was addressed in a recent topic by another ISTJ but it seems some people think Intuitive are more 'intelligent' because they tend to have a more active focus in their mind.

From what I see the general consensus is that Intuitives are likely to understand ideas quicker which could lead to scoring better on IQ tests but this could come at the cost of not being able to do practical things as well.

Sensors can be a bit more..uncomfortable with what might not make practical sense so this can cause them to not pursue a good idea. This will keep them grounded and potentially less likely to do something new that is just too crazy and won't work in their eyes.

So for me intelligence for Intuitive and Sensors comes to "Quick and Innovative" vs "Practical and Consistent". Both are very important points to have, it just depends on the situation. Intuitive would just be likely to stick out more since they may be more innovative. Speaking of which...


**Rarity of Intuitive vs Sensors**

This is a bit moreso for Ni types but apparently according to many polls Sensors outnumber Intuitive by a bit. IT seems there's this idea that you'll be a special snowflake if you're an intuitive, especially an Ni type.

And while it's true you may be likely to stick out as an Intuitive, who says you can't stick out as a Sensor? While some inventors or leaders of certain movements are Intuitive types there are very notable sensors types who helped shaped society.

You know Rosa Parks, one of the most known people for womens rights and civil movement and usually seen as an ISFJ? Did she stick out by thinking of some memorable speech or surprising innovative idea to get people to respect women? No, all she did was say "FUCK YOU BUS DRIVER I SIT WHEREVER THE FUCK I WANT" and she made history.

There are plenty of ways for you to stick out as a person, being a certain type doesn't automatically make you notable. You decide what makes you notable.

**Conclusion**

Sensors provide that balance of practicality vs abstract ideas that Intuitives have. Both are important to society so don't feel like being a certain type means you're not as good as others, you just excel at different areas.

If you feel there's some doubt of your typing as an intuitive, look to see if it were through some anti-sensor bias. Ignore the hate, look at the person you really are and accept what type you are.

Intuitives, I hope by reading this doc you find a deeper appreciation or at least respect of us sensors types. If not, I hope you at least understand how more of us think and some of our potential.

Sensors, I hope by reading this you guys can realize you guys are special too and we deserve more love in all the MBTI communities.

Let's spread the sensor love folks!It seems like a known thing that given the right topic and circumstances Fe/Fi can have a lot of friction. Fe types may accuse Fi types of being overly selfish while Fi types my accuse Fe types of being bossy/manipulative.

I've seen this friction happen a handful of times IRL and online.

I'm curious if that's the case be of Te and Ti.. I havent seen much interaction with these types IRL.

I feel like they could potentially be a problem with 'logical' arguments between them. I could see Te types getting frustrated with Ti types thinking/analyzing things they see as unimportant and similarly I could see Ti types think are blurting their thoughts too quickly without realizing what they're saying may not be fully correct.

Has anyone seen or experienced this?Before you reply with how much the prequels suck or ruined the franchise please don't do that here, I dont want an argument to start about that right now.

Back to MBTI, as most people who watched the original Trilogy know, Vader's character is all about showing his strong Te throughout with his harsh actions on people who don't follow the bidding of the Emperor. His Fi only comes out when his son is in danger at the end of Ep 6. This causes many people to type Vader as an ESTJ.

However, Anakin in the prequel movies and The Clone Wars seriesacts more like an xSFP where many of his actions and development are based a lot on his personal morality (Fi) and his adapting/doing things in the moment (Se). He does show traces of Vader Te, mostly in The Clone Wars series.

So is Anakin's big change of character to Vader in the OT more of a case of a Te loop or just healthy Te/repressed Fi because of him being ashamed in his failures?So for an an example as an ISFJ I'm a secondary INTP (due to Ti Ne being 3rd+4th functions respectively)

* With certain things I like or am comfortable with I do like to question if what I'm doing is the correct way to do things and finding out ways I can improve them (like different ways to show off my favorite media stuff)
* If a certain show/thing is super liked/disliked I like to look around at different places/opinions to see WHY and what contexts people (dis)liked these things and not just looking at number, letter or star scores.
* Sometimes I like to self analyze why people do certain actions if it catches my interest.Whenever people bring up emotions relating to Feeling types people always say "no you have to regard feeling functions/types in terms of morals/values"

OK I get it you can't judge Feeling types/functions just based on someone's emotions since everyone has emotions in some way.

But by definition I dont think morals/values necessarily related to "Feeling" all the time. I think a better word to describe what people what to correlate to morals/values is better because many people would think Feeling relates to emotions because those are very correlated.I see a lot of people who complain about tests

I was just wondering who else besides me actually gets their correct types on (most) tests.

EDIT: Wow silly typo in the title should be "the one YOU get on most tests"This can especially be difficult for me to type people who obviously have some kind of dominant introverted function first. Sometimes differentiating functions enough to type people is easy enough.

However opinions, how they get and express them can be vague/difficult and hard to decide if they're Si/Fi/Ti/Ni. 

I feel like with some of these difficult ones I have to take a long term to figure out which of their dominant introverted functions they have because some can look like others if you look at it a certain way. Maybe I'm just looking into it too much and there's just key factors to look for when differentiating them in every person?To me it's generally easy to tell if someone is a very feeler/morals/values person.. the problems the way the person expresses or talks about their morals/values can be tricky. The way they may take about some things seems of one function but if you look more into how they express them and reactions it could be the other one.

What's generally a good way to tell if someone has Fe/Fi besides the usual compromise/unity vs. genuine/sticking to beliefs? Just going off that doesnt always work since Fe can get angry/try to force or make people believe in the stuff they do while Fi can use an extroverted function to express how good a more/value is without it sounded "self centered" and try to sell it to othersSi - Doing tactics that are safe but consistent

Se - Able to make quick adaptations and/or love of combo execution

Ni - Knows how to make godly reads on what the opponent will does next

Ne - Always like having that secret  new mixup to pull out of nowhere to clutch a win

Fe - Will play the character that everyone recommends them to play.

Fi - Will choose a character and heavily defend why that character is so good/bad

Te -Will play the character that is most likely to net the most tournament wins or can dominate most matchups

Ti - Will pick a character that seems interesting. try out or analyze every potential option the character can do. go in a match &gt; lose &gt; try to find a new way to win &gt; rinse and repeat.**Value List:**

http://i.imgur.com/sdhLeVN.jpg

I got this idea from an interesting confidence-building course I'm taking. 

While leading your life values is more of a feeler type thing I feel like some of these could definitley apply to any type, so I'm curious what types correlate to what values they choose here.

Here are the steps recommended to take by the course:

**Step 1: Select you 10 top values**

Use these as guides
for how to behave, or as components of a
valued way of life. Feel free to add any
values of your own to this list.

* Avoid ‘shoulding’ on yourself. By which I
mean thinking to yourself ‘I should put
honesty or success above happiness’
when maybe what you REALLY want is
happiness above all else.
* What if you find you have more than ten
values? One way to get over this is to ask
yourself: If I could only have ONE of
these values, which would it be?

**Step 2: Reduce your top 10 down to 5**

Imagine that you are only permitted to have five values. Which five would you give up? Cross the others off

**Step 3: Reduce those 5 down to 3**

Now imagine that you are only permitted three.
Which would you give up? Cross the others off.

Remember identifying your 3 core values will ensure that in each situation you can be confident of the best course of action:

1. Be flexible
1. Stand your ground
1. Walk away

For me:

My Top 3:

* Honesty
* Happiness
* Fairness

Extended to Top 5

* Growth
* Friendships

Extended to Top 10

* Kindness
* Peace
* Optimism
* Loyalty
* Trustworthiness

You dont have to do the 10/5/3 recommendation, feel free to just pick however many or little you want and list them.Making sure they would try to give people as equal treatment as possible, making sure people are served the same amount of food, people are given close to enough attention, making sure someone's action gets a proper reaction, making sure people get equal treatment relative to their actions (good or bad), pointing out hypocrisy or making absolute sure theyre not hypocrites themselves, maybe in extreme cases do an eye for an eye, etc. Basically just always making it a point to make sure every action they do is as "honest" as possible.but then I find out I'm both of these functions and can only laugh at myself.**Joker:**

Haven't analyzed his personality much through choices but he honestly seems like an extrovert despite the lack of dialogue thing.

**Ryuuji:**

Seems pretty obviously ESFP. A lot of his action are because he takes things really emotionally and many things anger him easily and he always wants to be able to do things immediately without thinking.

**Morgana**

He's not much of a long term planner, but he's good at thinking of plans on the spot based on his experience. Fairly confident in himself until more people join the party. Seems ESTP.

**Ann**

She seems like an extraverted type. I want to say ESFJ because she's usually the most openly caring about the main group and their problems and likes to settle disputes as early as possible. 

**Yusuke**

Seems like ISFP, pretty stereotypical for an artist. He has morals he that he loves to stick to (sometimes stubbornly), is always trying to find new ideas for his art through observations of his surroundings.

**Makoto**

She's a tough one. I know for sure she's definitely introverted and a Judging/organized type. 

While she does become the strategist for the team, which is usually seen as a INxJ type, I feel like a lot of her "smarts" are just through being very diligent and book smart which could be seen as ISxJ type too.

**Futaba**

Seems pretty INTP. Likes hacking and programming for fun and out of learning as opposed to getting results. Has lack of tact with the way she talks and acts sometimes. So awkward to people she needs almost a week just to get her used to actually talking/acting in public.

**Haru**

Easily the most genuinely nice character in the game. Lots of her struggles in her confidant are her finding a way to do what SHE wants to do and not be controlled. INFP or ISFP.

**Akechi:**

I THINK he's an xNTJEven if it's small bias caused by just a few people you know or the type descriptions/people on the internet make you like/dislike a certain group of types more.

While I like all types and functions to some extent, I just happen to get along well with Fe types mostly.I think I have pretty good knowledge of MBTI functions, having created some guides and writeups and stuff. However, through various tests, research and people in MBTI communities I've gotten typed with every Judging function combo... ISTJ, ISFJ, INTP, INFP. So all I can say is for sure have Si and Ne. I'll try to explain a bit without rambling too much.

I feel like I could be Fe because when choosing which hobbies to do I like to see how popular it is, basically if there's good enough community to invest into it. Similarly, I really don't like/afraid saying things that would likely to get people angry especially with a community. I do take what people say related to me to heart. I like helping people out if I can, it makes me feel good helping them out and easing their workload. However, sometimes I'll do things that go against what's likely suboptimally seen in society (like walk out in  pajamas at any given hour if I dont feel like changing or if I go out for just a little). Similarly, if I dont want to help someone (laziness) I'll either be quiet or try to get out of it.

I feel like I could Fi.. because I'm pretty in-tune with what I like (hobby and how to do certain things) and feel about stuff. I generally like to stick to smaller communities since I feel more comfortable being myself (I'm a quiet person wherever I go regardless). That said.. sometimes I have trouble figuring out what I feel about really big topics, especially related to politics where can I see value in both sides.  I can have trouble speaking my opinion because I don't know if what's I really think and I end up giving some kind of neutral/wishywashy answer.

I could be Te, because I always like seeing things in an organized and easy to use way. If there's an option that is efficient to something, naturally I'd like to use it. However, I'm generally prefer not to be in some kind of leading role if I need to be. I sometimes can too forgiving to someone especially if they're breaking the rules. I really don't like forcing things onto others if necessary. If I go full harsh demanding mode, it's usually if someone's really bad or if it's someone I'm comfortable enough with like my family.

I could be Ti since I really like analyzing things that interest me in detail. Whether it's statistics or polls (loving making these) to find out what's popular or whatever is super fun to me. There are many times I'd like past critical reception/standard of stuff and point out if people are inconsistent about (dis)liking one thing but not liking another. I have fun questioning things, if something seems off depending on the situation I'll either voice these questions about things or not. When I like to do things, especially newer stuff I like to take my time thinking things slowly before committing to make sure I want to do something. Whenever I say something or type something I always like to make sure every detail and everything I know is correctly stated. I'll occasionally say things bluntly or "to the point" with no filters but usually only on in the internet or people I know well.

Anyway, based on this what do you guys think?On a conceptual l get the difference between Si and Fi.

Si is a  Perceiving Function based on general inner physical states/impressions. 

Fi is a Judging function based specifically more on ethics/personal morals.

The problem is sometimes Si (especially mixed Fe) in practice can seem pretty similar to Fi to me sometimes. I'm mostly referring to these functions as the dominants.

Both are introverted functions so sometimes they're hard to guess even with assistance from Extroverted functrions.

In any case, the main reason I can sometimes get them confused is I feel like the way Si sticks to what they do can be simialr reasons to why Fi would want to do something.

Similarly, I think both would be comfortable about knowing about how they feel about things. I guess the way they could express it could be difference.

Anyway, what are ways you guys can more specifically point out an Si-dom vs a Fi-dom?http://typefacts.info/category/mbti/

If you don't know they are basically the epitome of "Here is the _____ , based on your MBTI personality type" articles.

They seem like a weird mix of being for fun but also trying to somewhat seriously typing people based on actions but obviously some are based on stereotypes.

Best:

It can be a good way to understand people

Worst:

It can give people a reason to be more unreasonably judgmental about a group of people.There are people who stubbornly stick to one side of an issue and automatically dismissing the other without even listening or giving a chance.

There are also others who don't stubbornly stick to a side but at the same time either don't have a strong opinion (or any opinion) or just chooses a the opinion that's more convenient at the time

Which types do you think tend to be the middle ground of sorts? Why not post your Instagram to prove it then
Haha jokes on you my cookies taste like shitI for one am scared and confused!Merci Blue ! Ce drame m'énerve :/This is very well-written and accurate from what I've seen from the ISTJs in my life. Great content among the recent off-topic garbage :]

I second wanting an ISFJ description, too!Suddenly being called sheeple isn't so badWelcome!

A lot of people take dichotomy tests (E vs. I, N vs. S, etc.) and have one or more of these at around 50%. The reason for this is that these dichotomies don't have the same accuracy for explaining how we think as something called **cognitive functions**. You may browse some of these threads and see things like "Si" or "Fe" and think *wtf* but these functions are how we perceive and interact with the world. 

Unfortunately, even though cognitive functions are more reliable and deeper than whether or not your desk is organized (a common question on tests to differentiate between J and P), the simplicity and marketability of sloppy dichotomies pervades tests, Internet sources, and businesses trying to generalize strengths and weaknesses of people. 

The bottom line is that you should get to know how Jung's functions work, how function "stacks" define each type, etc. I'm definitely not qualified to explain them here, but the sidebar should have some decent information, and maybe others can give you a crash course on these functions. You may find that INFP or INTP functions describe you well; in that case you're lucky haha. But you may turn out to be INFJ, ISTP, ENTJ, ESFJ, etc. You never know. The descriptions of many types don't really hit the core of what it means to be that type, and it's not uncommon that a given type description actually fits a different type better.Haha Cx you're so right, SJs are so unaccepting of others and just steal ideas. Oh and Chinese people suck and they're probably all SJ anyway Cx Intuitives are so misunderstood Cx

Okay, but seriously what's the point of posting this...? I'm pretty sure that a lot of countries use ideas from other countries if they do something well? ENXP -&gt; ESXJ is super common. imo, Ne is such a loud and proud function when in the dominant position and many self-proclaimed Ne doms are much more tempered.Is it INFJ? I hope it's not INFJ

Honestly I wouldn't trust tests or even a typing over a text-based post if these are the stakes lolTeacher or Professor. Can't decide which one I'd like more, depends on the people I'm teaching. School-aged children are more overtly quirky and fun to be around during class, but there are more behavior problems than in a university setting. But there are other perks of being a professor. But I love teaching in general.

ISFJ :]Thanks that's sweet! :]

I definitely think of myself as both of those! SJs aren't always taken as seriously here, but I don't have trouble getting along with anyone here I don't think.Standard goody two shoes top 20 prep squad kind of person. 

Not sure how stereotypical it is of ISFJ; maybe the goody two shoes part :]In terms of what this sub is about, /u/HandsOfGrace is correct and you should look into cognitive functions.

Is /u/reddshoes wrong? Yes and no. The MBTI dichotomies are scientific, but they aren't very descriptive or useful. For what they rave about the official MBTI doing and being sooo much better than functions for, the Big 5 is simply a better version with better questions to give you meaningful results. 

But where he's wrong is being silly and comparing quadras and functions and all of that to astrology. The former concepts identify trends in traits and describes them. Astrology doesn't do this... It links traits with unrelated things (when you were born for example). 

So if you want scientifically valid stuff, skip MBTI dichotomies and take the Big 5. If you agree with the rest of this sub that scientific validity isn't everything and self-contained descriptive systems are fine, dive into cognitive functions.I personally wonder how Jung's Si corresponds to Si in socionics... I just don't relate to socionics' Si-dom descriptions, but Jung's is on point, according to my own understanding and others' observations of me. And it seems like a lot of IxFPs (with Fi of course) try to find ways to express their emotions outwardly through art and stuff, while emotional expression and impact is supposed to be Fe's domain in Socionics.

Definitely explain it to me if I'm not understanding stuff. But I just don't see how you can mix them together?Question 1: Why are you taking this test when you could be reading Jung Cx?http://imgur.com/a/P6jPB

:]Halfway there!Colder :[3 letters correct! Now 2/4 correctNope :] still 2

But I'm flattered by all these guessesYasssss!:] 

Not ENFJ, but you have two letters correct.Really? Ne-Si vs Ni-Se seems like the easiest distinction to make to me :o Yes, I agree with you. This is how I've seen it play out...

You see people sometimes talk about their tertiary as something they like to use whenever they can and develop it. I remember on the ENFP forum a bunch of people saying that it felt right to use Te, but they're under the impression that they pick and choose when they "unleash" this inner skill. Sometimes people even think that their tertiary function is their dominant function (this seems to happen a lot with Ne for some reason).

But that's not how it comes off to other people, like at all. It comes off as clumsy and sometimes forced. My favorite example to use is this friend I have. He hasn't really delved into typology that much, but he thinks he's a humorous ENFJ who is great with emotions (usually through making people laugh). But, uh, he's ENTP as hell. His humor is funny and he definitely has Fe, but the knowledge of appropriateness that you see in ExFJs isn't there at all. And in his attempts to use Fe well, he oversteps boundaries a lot, a lot of the time with jokes that go too far.ISFJ&gt;What type are you? Also what does introverted Drake mean?

ISFJ; I'm like 99% sure that Drake is ESFJ so yeah :P

&gt;You had to pick the example that would set me off. I've had experience with this and it's not fun. This ENFP I knew was in an authority position. She was somehow aimless and spacey and nebulous but at the same time extremely rigid and boxed in. The bearable nuance of Te pref. types was obliterated. Without the nuance, Te is extremely frustrating for me. Being in a position of authority this was made me unable to ignore this.

Yeah when you clash with ENFPs their Te seems to become super apparent. I think they have something called the Te bitchslap? I'm not sure if it's really a thing, but I could see their Te use clashing with a high Ti user.

&gt;I really liked the idea that the 16 types are the poles of the system (or zeros?).

I'm not sure what this is D:

&gt;Good example. I definitely was considering being an F-preference type for a while because of being in a similar situation. It isn't until something blows up that you realize that you're not as good at emotions n' shit as you think.

Oh yeah I see it a lot both ways. And I don't really see this when Fe is inferior, so I do think that it's partly the fact that it's in the tertiary position and partly the fact that tertiary Fe means that you're necessarily an extrovert.

&gt;One of the common ones I see are ISFJs and INFJs (maybe) that think they are so 'logical'. There's a satire flow chart that references that. This belief is one that makes it very hard to tell the ISFJs and INFJs apart.

Yup! This is super evident in school settings, especially. I used to think that I really had a math-oriented mind and was pretty into working as hard as I could to ace Ti type material and had a slight ego about it. Then college happened and Calc 3 made me never want to major in math again. I've never onced typed as any T type though. 

Not sure how difficult it is to tell INFJs from ISFJs because of that though, couldn't tell you.I'd probably see Se vs. Si personally, but you can't have one without the other. When it comes to first-impression vibes, the axes as a whole are distinct enough imo

The exact positions of those functions may be a different story though Thought I was safe nooooooISFJ - quiet mom

ESFJ - loud mom

ENTP - ADHD 

INTP - monotone philosopher

INFJ - deep psychic (more special than YOU)

ENFJ - cult leader

ESTP - peacocking asshole

ISTP - quiet asshole

INTJ - Nietzsche, moustache not included

ENTJ - evil CEO 

ISFP - starving artist

ESFP - basic party girl

ISTJ - quiet but strict dad

ESTJ - loud mean dad &gt;:[

INFP - weepy SJW

ENFP - yelly SJW

These are mostly in jest, but not totally. There are many overarching stereotypes such as N &gt; S because S are sheeple without depth or original ideas, SJs being super traditional and Republican, etc. It's hard to contain them all. Huh wondering what?Decently!I'd like to think of xSFJ as Normal. Not as in they're always normal, but I want the cutest Pokemon to myself! (And it's my fave type)They're still pretty god-like! Ghost is not suuuuper relevant, but the Dark resistance is sorely missed, especially with the Knock Off buff. Being good against fairies both defensively and offensively is huge though, and Steel would be way too OP without the nerf + Fairy resist.Sick! 

I'm actually ISFJ (but that flair is gross) so now I want to see if I can change Grass because it's such a horrible typing in-game hahaha but I wouldn't know what to change it to. Normal does fit better for ESFJ though I'd sayTo be fair, "typical" ISFJ descriptions *may* be more common in people from past generations. This is partly due to Keirsey because he catalogued behavior which changes between generations so don't feel too off if you don't relate to those.

If the function stack works for you, it works for you! If it doesn't and you aren't consistently compulsive with Si, then it doesn't! :]Si doms can lose focus quickly trust me :PINFJ, because I'd probably end up as one of the majority who are mistyped so I'd still be an ISFJ in the end D:

For real though, any XXSP. High Se just isn't for me. I'm curious about why ISFJ is Human Anatomy, even given your first paragraph. Just not seeing the connection myself. ^And ^that ^stuff ^grosses ^me ^out ^so ^I'm ^biased. "How do I get this ISFJ to like me?" Or "How do I deal with my mom?" - the one post a week we get is usually one of these.I don't like to be that guy who trash-talks Socionics, but I'm quite sure that I'm an ISFJ in MBTI. I tried to study Socionics and I really tried to like it, but there's just so much going against it from what I see in real life.

Within my own type, there are a lot of problems. The first one is obvious: valued or unvalued... 3D Se? Really? Haven't met any ISFJs that exhibit strong Se at all, whether they value it or not. Not to mention that the socionics definition of Se mixes a lot with enneagram 8 and is just so Russian (another issue I have with it: it's pretty behaviorist so it'll reflect Russian values and won't translate well to other cultures). In addition, it doesn't seem like ISFJs are any good at Te or Ni, so I find it hard to believe that Ni is what the Role Function claims it to be. So yeah, I'd say that the 8 function model doesn't really explain my type well. 

Dominant Si in socionics' descriptions of ISFJs is pretty problematic for some people. Jung's Si just doesn't universally compare to what dominant Si looks like according to many socionists. Not to mention that it overlaps a ton with sp dominance. Also, according to Reinin, I'm either supposed to not be into typology or not be an ISFJ. 

Quadras can be pretty useful to me because most of the function descriptions don't overlap *horribly* (with big discrepancies here and there), and quadras don't deal with unvalued functions. The names are convenient too.

Overall... I just don't relate to how many of the functions are supposed to present themselves according to Socionics (mostly Si to be fair), and I have a feeling that I know why... I'm not Russian, not an sp-dom, and I don't see how the unvalued functions consistently have such a defined impact on people, whether it's their PoLR, Demonstrative function, etc. When trying to explain how a given type experiences these unvalued functions... I start to have more questions than answers.1) ISFJ

2) 21 almost 22 wooo

3) Father: ISTJ; Mother: Can't decide, either ENFP or ESFJ... I think I know her *too* well to tell. I'm inclined to say ENFP though.

4) HS French teacher oui oui

5) Single and ready to mingle.

6) No, but it would be cool to have twins. I know I can't control that though, so I'd like 2 kids someday.

7) Sometimes! I become less inhibited toward strangers and then I get sleepy lol

8) Never have, probably never will.

9) House of Cards because it's well-done, well-acted and I admire the cunningness of it all, despite how evil it can be lol. Second favorite is The Office, don't think there was a single character I disliked or felt took away from the show.

10) Catholic, should probably start being more serious about it again.

11) Hope you make it through okay! :]Thanks! I like to think I'm a decent teacher lol, I have to work hard not to be a pushover though. 

I liked parts season 3 for many reasons and also disliked parts for many reasons. It was probably the worst season overall though. On the other hand, season 4 is probably my favorite out of all of them. Haha intuitive bias isn't real on this sub Cx

To answer the question, Fe users and ExTJs are awesome.Hahaha I wouldn't use such strong wording... But I find that the 8 function models create more questions than answers, Reinin dichotomies rarely line up with people, and their behavior-centered view of functions isn't broad enough and is evidently influenced by different cultures and generations. Si is the perfect example... There are Si users who line up with the comfort-mindedness of Socionics, but Jungian Si doesn't necessarily lead to that.I mean, I agree but I'm confused as to why you tagged me :DMy baby's first type was ENFP, and I continue to test as that on dichotomy tests (though my only clear trait is F&gt;T). I was (bad decision holy crap) typed as ENFJ and EIE on PerC for like 3 days before I realized that it sooo wasn't me. Then ESFJ when I started having a better understanding of functions, flip-flopped a bit between the SFJs, then with the help of others realized I'm probably ISFJ.Why choose a different author for Si? And this sub has pushed back against intuitive bias, but by no means is there a bias toward sensors lol. I'm not OP, but I know that I flip-flopped on types for a while. Long ago, when I was just bridging my knowledge gap between dichotomies and functions, I found ways to force explanations of being ENFP and then later ENFJ. Then when I became better acquainted with more nuanced perspectives of functions, I thought ESFJ, but not enough held up. ISFJ functionally describes me so well, but I didn't see that for a while. I'm not a regular and I already type as ISFJ, you can't knock me down anymore!!!

I kid I kid. Always open, though you may not have a ton to work with.I'm half a fan of the ISFJ sub. The ISFJs who post there are perfectly fine and prove that we aren't just traditionalists or simpletons. However, the "how can I get in this ISFJ's pants????" posts can be annoying. It's the same with the PerC sub-forum. Filled with relationship advice, too. It hasn't been as bad beginning about a month ago, actually! During the summer they seemed to pop up a lot.Couldn't decide, though I get along with Alphas and Gammas better than Betas and Deltas on average. Many exceptions on both sides though.

I'd say the worst are those who are obviously mistyped but close their ears and refuse to listen to decent typing advice. This was really nice, thanks! :] Nice to read after a tough week at work.I would have said Winter until I slipped off the road twice in 15 minutes during snowfall :[ now I like Autumn. It's still generally cool and pretty. I don't need AC or heat most of the time, which saves money. :]I'd feel like the most special snowflake in all the land, my friend.I always had done some pre-research and would find something interesting that was commented on by a variety of sources. So I'd pick my quotes, add my own thoughts, connect the ideas and think of good transitions, etc. Then write the entire paper other than my actual thesis (which was generally in my head). Then I would write the introduction in an attempt to roll everything I said together into a cohesive thesis. 

Worked very well, not sure I ever wrote an essay I wasn't proud of.I've never met anyone who didn't feel this way, at least at some point in their life. It seems to be brought out of a lot of people when watching stuff like Interstellar.I joined one, but it seemed to be more low-key than many, so it was actually amazing. Plus all my friends from my Freshman year got in as well, so we all were able to live together all four years. :] 

If I didn't join this particular one, I never would have joined another. 1. I'm 22 years old, a dude, and I come from a middle class American family. I'm not sure how you define the word "demographic" so I'll just go on about who I am and what I do, as well as what I believe. Hopefully it's relevant. Politically, I'm not super involved, but I'd probably be considered a tiny bit left of center on many issues. Religion-wise, I'm Catholic, but I don't always practice. For my career, I'm currently a French teacher, but for certain reasons I'm quitting and going to pursue a career in higher education (admissions or International Education ideally). I like to be involved in education in some way, but I'm not psyched about the way the higher-ups in education are doing things. :/ I consider myself a big fan of Hip-Hop; I love discussing music in general, which you'll see my by video for the last question.


2. While I'm not 100% sure of my type, I've felt that SFJ fit me the best, especially with my interactions with others. Some people say that I seem NFP when I make videos, so that throws me off. But, philosophically, I prefer Fe to Fi by a long shot, and find myself using what I think is Fe at work and with any social interactions. But I'm not really sure. I always assumed that I was Si-Ne because, while my conscious memory isn't great, my past experiences build patterns in my life, and I sometimes have vivid déjà-vu. I think that I'm more ISFJ than ESFJ, but who knows.


3. Being 100% correctly typed would mean that you find the function-stack that best describes your thought processes and general patterns of how you operate cognitively in a way that's visible to others after some consistent exposure. What I mean by this is that one cannot hide their cognition, as it's reflexive. Also, you wouldn't need to use shadow functions to "justify" your typing, explaining away inconsistencies. This is why I find socionics to be so flawed: you can justify so many types by delegating certain patterns to shadow functions.


4. I'm not sure at first thought. I don't really have any agenda to push, not do I think that I have any perspective that is inherently special or needed to be heard. I guess I'd just wish everyone a nice day and to talk to somebody if you've been feeling depressed. If I could plant that idea in people's minds who are moving toward suicide, that would be nice. This question was very hard to answer, and, like I said, I don't think that I have anything new or important to say, so I'd be worried that I'm wasting people's time.


5. The only way I've ever felt misunderstood by society is that a lot of people I know think that I'm homosexual. I'm not at all, but I can be very affectionate toward my friends that are male. In reality, I'm just a touchy person, but a bit less with women because I realize that doing that can be giving them the wrong idea or just plain creepy. Otherwise, I get along with just about everyone and fairly easily maneuver a few different social groups. I'm also pretty skilled at relating to people and presenting my idiosyncrasies in a graceful enough way in public. 


6. My time abroad in France was very impactful. I saw a new culture and met so many new people with a new perspective on life. Learning another language made me think differently, too. Also, my conversion to Catholicism was very impactful. My priest was kind enough to let me do RCIA with him in a 1-on-1 setting, so it felt more rigorous and in-depth. But I learned so much and my whole outlook on life did a 180 during that time. But most of all, college as a whole affected me a lot. I'm not very intelligent, but I was made for college and did very well in all of my classes. The biggest growth was not solidifying my work ethic, but knowing real friendship. I stopped talking to just about every high school friend after graduation, but I continue to speak to all of my friends from college and go back to visit sometimes. 


7. I'm going to link my video in which I talk about my favorite albums. Also, I'm pretty sure that my Enneagram is 9w1 so/sp. [Here is the video!](https://youtu.be/0yJ_xFhOCnI)


Thank you so much for doing this, and I apologize for any poor grammar on my behalf... Phone keyboard, y'know.Thanks :] very cool of you to do this!Wait, in what universe is ISFP &amp; 5 a thing?Well they shouldn't... ISFP and 4 is a match made in heaven. 5 and any dominant Feeling function is pretty suspect in my eyes. INTP: You hear that? Yeah? Those are the wheels spinning uselessly in your head not producing anything of value! :D

ENTP: No one is better at joining a group conversation, saying something weird af, and making everyone else in the group uncomfortable. At least INTPs know how inept they can be socially. The "delete this nephew" and "bitch hold up" memes were made with you in mind.

ISFJ: /r/niceguys wants a word.

ESFJ: Honestly you get shit on enough as it, so I'll just say that y'all seem to laugh loud af. My ears, god damn...

ISTP: You probably comment try-hard edgy shit on Filthy Frank and idubbbz videos.

ESTP: So I'm gonna explain something to you. Listen very carefully... *whispers in ear* You can put your dick away now.

INFJ: Hard to insult a type when 90% people who type as it are actually hilariously posturing in an attempt to seem deep. /r/im14andthisisdeep is that way.

ENFJ: *blocks on FB after seeing all of the shitty clickbait political posts that they spam non-stop* Oh and also you're probably that person that puts a clapping emoji between every word.

ISFP: You were the person that commented "rawr xD" on some scene girl's myspace, let's be honest for a second. 

ESFP: M O O O O O O O O O D S W I N G S + stepping on toes + a heaping scoop of not being able to see out your own ass. Nice and fun to talk to, right???

INTJ: See INFJ. But for the real ones... How raw is your dick from jacking off to Nietzsche's philosophy? 

ENTJ: Steve, 42, leaves his wife and family unsatisfied emotionally because he's too invested in his career that's pretty mundane but is still better than that office job the SJ has, right? Right?

ISTJ: You're that person who wears cargo shorts, wears New Balances, and carries a pocket knife.

ESTJ: Without fail says "I have my homework, are you checking it" when the teacher forgets.

INFP: When you're drier and have less of a personality than the SJs you insult...

ENFP: DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE haha we're so original and quirky :DDDDFor the most part, the typing wasn't off by much. While some people certainly weren't typed 100% accurately, most people just can't take a typing due to their fragile ego. 

Plus, this sub is so mixed up in Socionics, and people can use Quadras, Temperaments, Valued/Unvalued function dimensionality to make an argument about being any type in the book. So as soon as we move away from that, that'd be nice and maybe people can start to take their heads out of their asses.Back in the good ole days of dichotomy tests from a quick Google search, I consistently scored ENFP. And even when I learned of functions, my ENFP-identifying ass tried to shove my own traits into Ne-Fi descriptions. But now I'm very sure that I'm SFJ. I remember feeling as though the ENFP sub was annoying and childish (not that that means much when it comes to being ENFP or not because it IS that), so I looked into my type again and realized that I have high Fe and Si. Then some friends from this sub helped me solidify and made a good case for ISFJ. But recently my eyes have been opened to being ESFJ, so yeah.Causes of manifestations? The contemporary theory of how Enneagram types develop flies in the face of personality research in modern psychology. Our personalities are largely based on genetics and environment doesn't have as much of an influence on our Big 5 traits (which is the broadest description of "what we're like") and direct parental relations have little to no bearing on how one interacts with the rest of the world. The connection you think you see between this is that, in reality, genetics. We LOOK like we get our traits from our parents by being influenced by them, but we really just are predisposed to act similarly from birth.

So if both MBTI and Enneagram are genetic and claim to describe overarching patterns of personality and trait clusters, where do you get the idea that they are so separate from, apart from outdated Enneagram rhetoric that has been disproved?Outside of continual abuse, how we interact with the rest of the world,not coping mechanisms, is determined largely by genetics. 

So, let's go with your sickness analogy because you seem so intent on it actually correlating to personality. Some traits that MBTI claim are mutually exclusive of certain Enneagram types. 

It's pretty easy to see that dominant Fe and inferior Ti is pretty much the opposite of Enneagram 5. So let's treat Fe as a symptom: person is always hungry and can't control appetite. 5 would be like: person is never hungry and will barely eat. Because both systems claim to be overarching and ever-present themes that don't change much, how can both of those exist in the same space? If you say that the person oscillates between being hungry and never hungry, that's a whole different symptom.BUT DID YOU HEAR HOW GRACE GOT PREGNANT? OMGThat Harry Styles song &gt; anything by Zayn though...

I need to stop, I'm being the stereotype D:Yeah totally! Even though I don't like most of what you listed, I can respect it for its importance to music as a whole! 

My tastes aren't just 1D solo careers either. :P Like politically and socially aware Hip-Hop as well! Maybe it's the Fe. ;PShit myself. :/ I'm not good with really hard "noise" stuff like Death Grips, nor am I good with vocals from many metal bands. The big exception is actually Danny Brown's voice. It's weird, but I fuck with it, though it's not really in the same category being Hip-Hop.

Funnily enough, I used to be a metalhead (if we use that term lightly LOL) but my music taste has shifted toward Hip-Hop recently.I disagree with Earl Sweatshirt, his whole personality screams Se-Ni. And if we bring Quadras into it, he's most definitely no Alpha. My guess is STP. I don't see any NTP or SFJ go that "tough" with a IDGAF lyrics and vibe.As an aside, thank you for getting Drake's type correct. I've seen some weird-ass typings for him in the past. But he's super ESFJ. His mannerisms during interviews remind me of myself actually!Why yes, yes I do. :] In what ways do you find him to be like an INTP?Will do! Though the majority isn't always correct, just saying (probably are wrong more than they're right if we're talking about typology lol). Maybe STP isn't right, but something about INTP seems off... Like, the interview I remember watching didn't really seem Ne to me... But I guess it didn't seem super Se either. I don't have many mood fluctuations when I listen to music, whether it switches from sad to happy to hype or whatever. Visual media influences my mood more. Though a couple of albums are an exception. 

But I'll rarely choose music based on how I'm feeling. Eh I don't let it get to me. Whenever people talk shit about sensors (SJs in particular), I just know that we'd probably get along fine in real life. I can keep up with """deep""" (spoiler alert, most people's innane ramblings aren't deep, just hilariously stupid, connecting dots where there are none) conversations as much as the next person and I don't like sports or other things like that (which they automatically label as sensor things LOL). 

Funnily enough, these same people are shit at typology and would probably label me as some silly ENFP if they met me because they have no idea how Fe works. 

Thanks for standing up for us though, very much appreciate it :] No, I'm my own man and am choosing to disagree with Komatik for a second! I believe that high intuition can do the same thing! Even worse at times. I've seen it on this sub at least a couple times recently.I could see it!

I see a lot of those *facepalm* type pseudo-philosophical stuff from high Ne more often for sure. Though of course not all of them do that.See, I'm a bit skeptical of your experiences with Fe people, just because so many people of any gender thought that I was flirting with them when I was just having a conversation. I skip a lot of the formalities with people and don't have much trouble opening up to people I've only recently met. 

So are they really flirting or are you (or everyone) reading into it too much like most people do? &gt;.&gt;Big 5 trends (a personality system used in psychological research that has been validated) stay fairly constant throughout one's life though. The actions may change, but they still reflect each of the 5 facets to a similar degree.Like 120+ :P

For some self-reflection, I have my students do an activity during which they take the 16Types test. I know that it isn't cognitive functions and it may mistype them, but it's more for self-reflection about how they answered individual questions.

I've had friends and family take it as well, but I don't remember who has and who hasn't out of those people.Whichever type it is, I can guarantee that a bunch of people from that same type will say, "But I love art and museums!!" 

This is also anecdotal, but I've never met someone who, as an adult, felt this way... Maybe they would criticize modern art, something which seems to be funny, edgy, and in style, but not all art and museums. 

However, the way you describe *how* they complain seems hilariously and stereotypically xSTP LOL:D 

It is very odd to me... Every ESFJ I know irl eats this personality stuff up like it's breakfast time! Although maybe they do and then don't post when they see that people speak poorly of them.Fake crying works just fine, find a tutorial on YouTube or somethingWell it's trying to be symmetrical, especially with shadow functions. ENFPs aren't THAT great at Fe, but they try to fill in the gap by twisting the ways in which "unvalued" functions manifest. This seems especially apparent with ESxJs who have "strong" Se. They try to peg them as more forceful than they actually are. It just sucks how much people put stock in that version of the 8-function model. It leaves them trying to fit too much in and explain EVERYTHING. 

And the funny thing is, they do this with Robin Williams and many type him as ESFJ because it "accounts" for everything. But let's just ignore the dominant Ne that's staring us in the face... 

Sorry if I went off-topic with that rant :PAnother ESFJ? Hi! :DI've always found function stacks to work just fine with being able to explain people without reaching too much (like 8 stack Socionics stuff does). But I guess that if you have a hard-on for science only all the time, then my question becomes this:

Why not just use the Big 5? It's better and more useful in just about every way. Why use the dichotomy MBTI stuff when it's second-best?Big 5 traits stay close to constant your entire life, so they kind of do... But dichotomy MBTI tests seem to spit out different answers for people a lot.

Yeah, I agree with you. It's just tough to respond to 17 walls of text... Sigh...That's fair enough actually! I mostly browse image-based subs here, the main exceptions being personality-based ones and ones about music. Everything else is dumb memes and animal pictures. :DI can relate to this a bit! Maybe not your exact motivations, but I find that my schedule fills up a lot with work and more active "leisure" and social activities and I can burn myself out. 

Personally, I do a few things to relax, sometimes forced. I always shower at night for example because it's 10-15 minutes that I need to be still and do nothing. I also make sure that I have a cup of tea most nights. These seem small, but they really help me. 

I also like to browse stuff on Reddit, which is the original reason I made this account. :DHow about the unvalued functions (Ignoring, Role, etc.)? Those seem to fuck up descriptions the most from what I see.1. Well, not all tradition is great, and not all of it is horrible. I have an odd relationship with it honestly. Sometimes I'm all for it and then sometimes I become apathetic or even annoyed by it. I guess it depends how much it clashes with me? But no matter what, I do think that it's useful to consider what people have done in the past. Maybe it was idiotic and the way they did things was horrible, maybe it was great and we in the present have just become enamored with something because it's new? 

2. Well, sometimes it's just the best way. Re-inventing the wheel is cool and all when it improves things, but it doesn't always do this... I'm teaching right now and while technology has made things in the classroom better, the gimmicky shit that gets piled on to teachers is literally making me resign after this year. New ideas need testing to prove that they're actually the better way of doing things. And I think that in many cases, we can find out objectively what the best way to do something is.

3. We live in a world where other people's opinions of us matter. The IDGAF people rarely do well in life (we just hear about the exceptions, which can happen somewhat often) and I want to do well in life. But I'm not usually thinking about this consciously. I just like people, am a social person, and want others to think well of me. It's as simple as that. I'm wired to be like this.

4. We live in the real world. It's fun and all to theorize about stuff that doesn't really matter, and I do like to do that from time to time, but I guess I've become disillusioned with it because it seems like the "theoretical" people are just stroking their ego based on some fabricated intelligence. I want something to have actual meaning.

5. Like I said, I sometimes do, but again, the people that are so into "theoretical" stuff (especially when it comes to some spiritual bullshit in typology communities) are usually insufferablely annoying and rude and I want nothing to do with them. I'm also just better at conceptualizing stuff that's real, so there's that. 

6. I have no idea. It's just what I reflexively value. Eh I don't think it's horrible. For appearance's sake, determining whether the first extroverted function is perceiving or judging works pretty well I think.I usually go around and talk to people. I don't like how I am when I'm drunk so I only have 2-3 drinks max. I like get-togethers a bit more than large parties, but both can be fun!

I'd much rather have at least a couple of people I know there, though. *mutters under breath* Holy shit...I've always found DISC to be pretty cool. I remember taking something similar (or maybe it was this same site?) a couple of years ago in a college class. 

I got Is (Influencing first, Steady second). Both were fairly high, and my scores in Calculating and Dominant were minuscule. 

Seems like it's pretty typical for SFJ in general. Some ESFJs may score higher in Dominant than I did, but it's hard to imagine one scoring *too* high in it.It's hard as hell and requires a ton of social energy and the ability to deal with stupid drama and discipline issues. This seems like it would wear out INTPs quickly. 

Source: resigning teacherINTJs aren't allowed to like cars, they aren't abstract enough.

SMH, I'll take your INTJ card now. Hand it over.ESFJ +? Oh hell yes, now I'm a basic bitch^2I've seen ESFJs take on two extremes. On the one hand, they can be the stereotypical pushy "helpers" that are transparently feeding their own ego. 

On the other hand, they can be big push-overs that can never say no. But it can be a tad harder to notice because they still act gregarious and it feels different from the quiet and timid push-over-ness that certain IxFx are the poster children of. They're the enabling people who let people do whatever they want to them without real boundaries because they're so concerned with getting negative feedback. They become so concerned with "energetically" (you can tell how exhausted and resigned they really are) catering to the emotional atmosphere of the room that they simply can't register a good response when things are going to shit and they are being taken advantage of. They try to make it seem as if there isn't a problem. Well, I wrote this for another thread, but who needs original content??? 

INTP: You hear that? Yeah? Those are the wheels spinning uselessly in your head not producing anything of value! :D

ENTP: No one is better at joining a group conversation, saying something weird af, and making everyone else in the group uncomfortable. At least INTPs know how inept they can be socially. The "delete this nephew" and "bitch hold up" memes were made with you in mind.

ISFJ: /r/niceguys wants a word.

ESFJ: Honestly you get shit on enough as it, so I'll just say that y'all seem to laugh loud af. My ears, god damn...

ISTP: You probably comment try-hard edgy shit on Filthy Frank and idubbbz videos.

ESTP: So I'm gonna explain something to you. Listen very carefully... *whispers in ear* You can put your dick away now.

INFJ: Hard to insult a type when 90% people who type as it are actually hilariously posturing in an attempt to seem deep. /r/im14andthisisdeep is that way.

ENFJ: *blocks on FB after seeing all of the shitty clickbait political posts that they spam non-stop* Oh and also you're probably that person that puts a clapping emoji between every word.

ISFP: You were the person that commented "rawr xD" on some scene girl's myspace, let's be honest for a second. 

ESFP: M O O O O O O O O O D S W I N G S + stepping on toes + a heaping scoop of not being able to see out your own ass. Nice and fun to talk to, right???

INTJ: See INFJ. But for the real ones... How raw is your dick from jacking off to Nietzsche's philosophy? 

ENTJ: Steve, 42, leaves his wife and family unsatisfied emotionally because he's too invested in his career that's pretty mundane but is still better than that office job the SJ has, right? Right?

ISTJ: You're that person who wears cargo shorts, wears New Balances, and carries a pocket knife.

ESTJ: Without fail says "I have my homework, are you checking it" when the teacher forgets.

INFP: When you're drier and have less of a personality than the SJs you insult...

ENFP: DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE DAE haha we're so original and quirky :DDDD&lt;3 all love

I should re-do the ESFJ one, but when I made this I thought I wasn't ESFJ/r/wholesomememes is my life, and it's full of sappy Fe. :]Yup same! I like being clean and having tasteful outfit that fits well and has colors that compliment each other.That was very forced, but hey, you tried. Maybe?

I'm Si and Fe and I'm very live and let live in that respect. But I'm also not especially gushy with children, maybe that makes me an outlier :PUsually super early, usually from anticipation :D it's no big deal if it's an appointment, but for get-togethers, I feel weird about it so I'll just wait in my car. I also get to work super early every day. 

But I'm rarely exactly "on time" unless it's a trip I make regularly. Like I go out every Wednesday to eat with friends. I'll get there like 2 minutes early at the earliest and never late. :P but the first couple times I went, I was 10-20 minutes early.Funny that you say that you don't fit the model, because you do... INTP as hell. Like, one of the better examples I've seen.

Highly concerned with fitting into the model of the system and approaching it from a detached and logical framework (i.e. how you fit into it, everything needs to be accounted for). There's a lack of Te here, as in little focus on how it's used. To the best of my knowledge, you have Thinking as a whole as a dominant function, but it's mostly spun toward introversion. Like, there are a couple of nuggets of Te, but not enough to establish a pattern. And remember that typology is about patterns. You may see yourself in all functions because you question every individual action and thought process. So of course you'll see nuggets of other functions strewn throughout your life. But this is quite obviously dominated by Thinking. I just see Ti all over the place. The convoluted language helps confirm that. Socratic dialogue is also Ti's wet dream LOL

Also, there's little to no emphasis on value judgments, indicating low Feeling. The last paragraph had a tiny bit of Fe projection and apologizing for "going against" our theory. (P.S. it's fine :P )

Ne is at least somewhat apparent because you're approaching this from so many angles "but what about..." But from my personal reading, the Ti seemed to dwarf it, so INTP &gt; ENTP. Plus you don't really seem like an Ne Dom in Jung's terms.

Last thing is that Si seems somewhat present. You seem to want this to conform to your personal reading and you see personality. But this may also just be an extension of Ti. Can't really say for sure.

Compare yourself to me. While I'm not exactly sure how much Fe went into this, my Ti is more scattered and clumsy when it comes to making this cohesive. This shows that I use Ne and Ti similar to you, but they don't come as naturally for me. Granted, I'm still teetering on the edge between FeSi and SiFe, but the point still stands. 

Let me know what you think buddy. :] I did the best I could, but I'm not the greatest typer, especially with text. Hope you can find the answer you're looking for either way!!!Okay this is better than most other posts calling sensor hate out because of these bomb Emojis :D 🔥👌

But yeah, I get what you mean, especially with the interest part. I have a hard time seeing Reddit, or at least a good few subreddits, NOT attracting Fe and/or Si users. I have this ESFJ girl in one of my classes who has some of the dankest memes in the galaxy. I don't believe for a second that she doesn't browse some of the meme subs. There's too much overlap between what she shows me and the stuff I see on Reddit for it be shitty repost sites. 

Even if people say they see the difference, they still insist that sensors don't use the Internet much (or it's just social media). Bruh, your 55 year-old mom might not, but we live in a generation that's been surrounded by technology. Yeah, social media does dominate, but there are tons of people of all types who use the Internet for other discussion based on hobbies (like... MBTI). 

And to those people who say that SJs (or ESJs specifically) are too busy being in the real world to be on the Internet... Bitch, why not both? I have a phone with data and legs! If you see me on my phone while being basic at brunch, you best believe I'm browsing /r/bikinibottomtwitter and giggling as I show my friends dank memes.Tell me about your day (or yesterday). 😊Are you studying education in general? Or I may be confused as to how you found yourself helping with those kids. volunteer work, maybe? Glad to hear that, though. :) What would you do to help these kids improve? Like, what's the source and how would you treat it?

That sounds fun! What do you normally like to do with friends? And are you doing anything with them other than getting the game and the lecture?

Fire Emblem, huh? I used to play the Gameboy advanced ones. Do you like TBS games in general? (I think that's the term). Why do you like Fire Emblem?

What's the science lecture on?

How long have you played piano? Big part of your life?

Okay, so I'll keep asking more questions if I'm wrong, but my "shooting at the hip" guess is (probably wrong): IxFJ, most likely ISFJ. You seem well-versed in the realm of ethics and interpersonal relationships (which seems F, particularly Fe in your case). Si could have a case made for it; you share your personal experiences pretty naturally in terms of language. It flowed well at the very least. And the way you write reminds me of myself a bit. 😊

At the very least, I'm confident of Si-Ne axis, just based on your communication style. No it doesn't. You can from time to time embody certain good/bad aspects of an integrated or disintegrated type, but your type stays constant and pretty obvious many times no matter how healthy or unhealthy. These people acting as if Animal Crossing isn't the most SFJ game known to mankind... :PENFP then? That was my second guess. ESFJs and ENFPs have more in common than most like to admit, so that's my next guess.

You don't seem INFP because they're more introverted in general and the only introverted type I could see you as is SFJ.Probably shouldn't question your type based on just this. I was just making a joke.Curious as to why AC is N? I mean, yeah, a variety of types love all of these games, but I don't see anything that screams N.

Dunno about Ni, but it seems way too "restrictive" and focused on design (public works, your house) for high Ne.

Of course, this is all hypothetical. :PTo be fair, there's not a ton you can do and it gets repetitive for many people, even if it isn't linear. I'd say it works well for Si but not as much for Se, theoretically speaking. My ISTP cousin doesn't have the patience for it for sure.ESFJ male. 

If that's what you're into, go for it! Personally, I'm not about that. For the time being while I'm young and not looking for a serious relationship, it's just *fun* and not much more. Once I'm ready for long-term stuff, I'm sure my views on sex in general will change. Though I can't see myself changing my mind completely and actively waiting for marriage. If a future partner is very serious about it, but we're super compatible, then I'd respect her wishes.

Dunno if my type has much to do with it. The stereotype of an ESFJ would probably feel the opposite of how I do.ESFJ 9: Hip-Hop by far. Can't say how much it's related to my type honestly. It sounds good and I like it when songs/albums give some kind of social commentary or have some sort of depth in some other way.Personally, I find it really easy to see types in teenagers (I've typed a good few students of mine fairly confidently), but it's hard for THEM to see it/know themselves in respect to functions.

Though, re-reading your post, you seem focused on dichotomies. I think you can probably know yourself pretty well when it comes to those. Like, I test similarly nowadays to how I tested as a 16 year old. 

Cognitive functions are a different story. While useful (and in my opinion a tad better than dichotomies), there's a lot of guesswork and misinformation involved with them. They require you to take a more in-depth and nuanced examination of how you think and process information. This is most likely what people were talking about when they said the "teenagers..." bit. It's much less safe to examine one's function preference than to evaluate whether they'd rather read a book or go to a party on a test.ESFJ - Early to bed whenever I don't have plans, which means 9-10:30 somewhere. Always wake up between 4:30 and 5:30.

I'm a morning person. :) And I make plans for earlier in the day most days for this reason.While I always got along with everyone, I always felt as though something was "off" when socializing with other guys in terms of emotional availability. Our hobbies never matched up a ton (I was surrounded by tech-savvy "tinkerer" types of guys, while that stuff never interested me), but we still got along okay. I always preferred to hang out with girls.

I wasn't one to play with dolls, but I always had a slightly sensitive and stereotypically feminine vibe growing up, according to friends and family.

It hit me in college that many people thought that I was gay because of stereotypes and me being in touch with my emotions. 

I've learned to embrace this more since I've moved away from home. The whole clean slate thing helped me just be myself, but I can still be very conservative in how I express myself to my family and friends from back home. I definitely act a bit colder and more reserved around them.I'm not...

But my sleeping schedule is :D Being barely functional is no fun!Not both? :(

Dog, though I've had more experiences with cats so I'd feel more comfortable owning oneI'm not sure... Those are weird typings for sure.

Like, I want to think it's good because there is probably something to the concept as a whole. But man, in its current form, it seems to mismatch types quite a bit.

They typed me as NeFi, which is odd. I don't think that I'm dominant Ne, nor do I think that I use Fi.TBH, MBTI shouldn't touch PoLR or shadow functions at all. Socionics is clearly a different system that uses different definitions for half of the functions that share the name. What matters most is that you can block yourself from actually hearing people out who believe in the Harold Grant model by comparing them to Masons. 🙃

Good work with that! Our feeble minds will never infect your impenetrable fortress of a mind, you beacon of light in this dark world.My dude, I know that dichotomies are comparable to the Big 5 and are fine scientifically. 

As much of a chore as it is to read reddshoes stuff, his big beef with functions seems to be (correct me if I'm wrong, my simple Sensor attention span to complex science can only take so much) that functions definitions people use seem to go against some of the universal E, N, etc. stuff. 

Okay, yeah, cool. They shouldn't. Because as a non-validated theory, functions shouldn't contradict dichotomies and Big 5 research.

They don't need to, though. Good function descriptions don't... Funnily enough, it's the stereotypical ones that do. I guess the one gray area is E/I, since many claim to type as E but be introverted in the dichotomy sense. But I'm generally skeptical of those that type that way in the first place. 

Anyway, what at least reddshoes is doing is targeting low-hanging fruit and creating an unnecessary crusade against the concept of functions as a whole by using overly complicated rhetoric and a rabbit trail of links to discourage anybody from finding the pointlessness of his premise, masked in science that's true, but doesn't say much significant about his particular argument against the idea of functions. I mean, I could be misinterpreting, but that's how all his posts come off and read as. He certainly doesn't have a good grasp on the particulars of function definitions. So it's like he's arguing against them by peddling a valid, but not mutually exclusive system without really understanding why, while maintaining that they are mutually exclusive. Because, again, while he knows the one approach like the back of his hand, functions don't seem to compute with him.

Sorry, I switched my major from math and graduated with a different degree. Therefore, this passive aggressive post will have to do. 🙃 Purely anecdotal, but most of the Socionics community says that Socionics' functions take a different direction from Jung. Or, in their eyes, an improvement. At the very least, they seem to be different.

I think Socionics is okay, by the way. :P I just don't think that all ESFJs in this system are ESE or all ENFPs are IEE, etc. So it's not useful to focus on unvalued functions willy-nilly *unless* we're using Socionics' definitions and have been separately typed in that system.Sarcasm doesn't come easily to you does it. 😋 Of course I've read his stuff. But you didn't respond to my criticism of his beliefs and how he defends them, instead assuming my level of education.Well, they call the same observations different names. Like, Si in Socionics is describing something different (and usually outside the scope) from the functions as defined in the Harold Grant stack that this sub generally uses.

I could be wrong, and I'd love to be explained how Si is the exact same in both systems. Same with both of the Feeling functions. Because if you look at the definitions laid out for those, the same thing with Si is evident.

I use MBTI to describe the 4 function approach. Apologies, it's just easier in the context of this sub.

Had something written, but then it hit me... I'll cut to the chase: there's a philosophical difference between us. Just so we're clear: philosophically speaking, is science all there is when it comes to determining truth? 

If your answer is yes, there's no point in this back and forth. Until realizing that this may be the case, I didn't get why it's such a big deal for all of this to follow the scientific method to a T and anything outside of it written off automatically. I think I get it just fine now...Then Si in terms of the 4 function model used often in this sub. How is that version of Si the same as Socionics' version?Hey 💁While it may not mean much, Naranjo (one of the most important Enneagram writers and theorists) associated type 9 with ESFJ. This didn't take into account cognitive functions, but a good description of ESFJs from a dichotomy perspective should have a ton in common with ESFJ from a functional perspective anyway. 😄

So while ESFJ and 2 is really a match made in heaven and definitely the most common, 9 + ESFJ is a thing!

(Written by someone who types as ESFJ and 9 😋)Hmmmm. Yeah, I'd say so, but with a couple caveats and considerations. After writing this, I hope it's not too confusing. Let me know if you have any questions or if you can relate to this!

I definitely read the atmosphere of a place or situation and react accordingly. If it's tense and serious, I express​ myself very carefully and conservatively. If it's free and fun, I express myself the most out of anyone there. It really depends on the atmosphere. I'm very comfortable around my old college friends and my role was really almost the "glue" of the group, emotionally. I'd get everyone happy and participating and stuff like that. I can be very expressive then. Because of negative stereotypes associated with men and emotional expression, rumors of me being homosexual existed, too.

With certain people I'm not as fond of, I create an emotional barrier which is polite, but cold and hurried. In this way, I'm not very expressive at all with certain people. Less than other types with lower Fe usually are. But it's calculated and very much so still an Fe reaction. We can honestly go from warm-cold in seconds. But I think that how we show that warmth or coldness is influenced a bit by Enneagram type. 

I notice that many ESFJ 2s (and 2s in general) are more likely to try and assert some kind of emotion onto the situation, whereas I adapt myself to it to try and blend in (which is a 9 thing to do). So if they walked in on a room full of tense people, they may try and "fix" it. They're better at that as a whole. I feel as though they'd be more obvious about showing that they aren't a fan of someone, too, and will wear that on their sleeve. If someone wronged them, the world knows about it. :P This is very possible behavior for an ESFJ of course, but I don't think all ESFJs would react this way.

But, honestly, 9s will still wear their emotions on their sleeve, just not as obnoxiously as some people think Fe-doms always do. The warmth and coldness I show toward people is usually very much obvious in its own way. It's different from being super gushy or screaming at someone, so it's not some grand and dramatic display much of the time. 9s hate that no matter their MBTI type. But I can't hide it like certain Thinking types can all the same (they are usually less discriminate about how much/little - usually little - they express themselves to others). The other person usually very much knows that something is off between myself and them exclusively. And it's because I bend my emotional expressiveness for each person like that. Purposely keeping conversation short and cool is an outward display of emotion in itself, just like being ebullient is when I'm around friends I love. And, again, it's obvious when it's deliberate compared to, say, certain people with a dominant Thinking function. 

Lastly, negative emotions such as anger and sadness are usually pushed down or misdirected in passive aggressive ways when it comes to 9s. I certainly do this. I'll unload on somebody and act like an ass online because I had a bad day. But I won't say a word to the person that actually made me mad. And while I see a lot of Fi 9s push it down completely and really internalize anger, it usually "leaks out" more obviously when it comes to high Fe users. I know it does for me. 

So in the end, the amount and way I express myself is still fairly obvious, but it's not super over the top of dramatic. I'm still primarily led by my emotions and adjusting myself based on the "outside world" though. They're in each chapter of his book. You can find many of the chapters on PerC if you Google!

I believe he associates 9 with ESFJ dichotomy-wise, but Si function-wise, for example.Ah, yes, all humans are this dramatic... And I forgot about how much I love to fuck people over, too...Nah, that's not 4. They're aggressively concerned with projecting an authentic Identity.

9 may be the most typical type that has that problem, but many humans in general experience this issue.SFJ: Don't want kids too much, focused on my career more. 

I mean, yeah these are stereotypes, but it still seems like many SFJs are more relationship oriented. I guess I am too, but more with groups. I don't do 1-on-1 as well as I'd like, and rarely hang out with just one other person lol.Beat me in Mario Kart Wii. Then we fuck.

But seriously, be casual, willing to joke around a lot, and willing to go out and do fun things. 

I can't stand when partners demand that I "open my soul" to them or something. I'm not one to have some hidden inner world that I hide from my friends, but tell an SO. If I can't​ tell something to my friends about myself, I don't want anyone to know. Also, don't demand all of my time. I like to be somewhat active with my social life. Though I always like when my partners join me in my social life (and I in theirs).N64 is fine, but there's still a vibrant community time trialing for MKW. Plus, making skilled friends and doing Wi-Fi rooms/finding a clan put this game above any predecessors. :P I can't go back to the N64 one for that reason. Plus, Time Trials are more competitive for the Wii version right now. I did have a lot of fun with it before I got way into MAKE though.

Some may argue that bikes made it a bit too restrictive. If you didn't use Flame Runner or Mach Bike, you wouldn't win nearly as much. But being forced to use them made item use super interesting. This happened to me. I noticed that I don't mind (and quite like) spending some time alone after prolonged interaction each day. But I'm still more extroverted than many people!

It can be tough to accept social extroversion when many sources say (or joke) that it's all about people all the time. *Humans* need some time alone sometimes.Welcome to the land of Fe, want a wholesome meme?Yeah, if anyone has any objections to my typing, let me know!

I can't really make a case for it right now as work is about to start, but you're welcome to @ me based off of any posts you've seen/any interactions we've had. :)

EDIT: So, for ESFJ, I've started to see how this can work from a dichotomy and functional perspective.

Dichotomy-wise, Extroversion fits pretty well. While I do like my time alone and all that, I'm definitely people-orientated and can "effortlessly" work in a career field demanding 8 hours of human interaction per day. As for Sensing/Intuition, I used to test more "N," but I've realized that I am more "here and now" in the MBTI sense. I can talk deeply about my hobbies, but they aren't necessarily philosophical and abstract. I can use big words and make my hobbies seem more abstract, but they aren't. I very much like real things, even though I do fine with philosophy. I feel as though I'm clearly feeling, as I've always been more in tune with ethics and emotions. And, while J/P is tough, I do find myself organized enough, or more than a lot of the population. 

In terms of functions, Si-Ne seems much more me than Se-Ni. Se-Ni people always come off as more direct and to the point. Si-Ne has more of a whimsical feel to it and can feel more light-hearted. Again, just observations. I also figure that I have high Feeling, particularly Fe. I don't identify with many Fi descriptions at all, and when I typed as ENFP, Fi aux was always the thing I couldn't see in myself. I'm very adaptive to the emotional energy of the group I'm in. Honestly, Ti vs. Te, I'm not too sure about. It's hard to see which one I "use" more. Being psychotic or histrionic. I mean I know that it's possible, but there are so many stable ESFJs out there. I do know that many ESFJs who are stable (and intelligent) are labeled as ENFP, but it's frustrating. &gt;astroligion.com 

Nice.

Also, this applies to a ton of introverts...I personally looked into functions after taking a test, and eventually found a fun group of people who knew what they were talking about and they helped me figure it out. Now we bounce ideas off each other sometimes and this has helped me learn and feel more secure in my typing. Though I'm not 100% sure and always welcome people to make a case for another type. :) I'm not sure what the ratio of S/N there actually is. But on forums, there are a good many people who mistype as intuitive. The biggest reason is that people think that liking theoretical stuff is N (which is partially true), but they think that talking about non-theoretical stuff on a forum makes it theoretical. Which is wrong. The way in which you discuss both theoretical and "real" topics does not make those theoretical topics more "S" or those "real" topics more "N."I agree from a functional perspective! :D

From purely N vs. S dichotomies, as far as I know, it seems to be based on what the content is though. D: That's what tests ask at least. 

I think that this is one of the main differences between Jungian functions and the dichotomies. I disagree heavily, but I can only give anecdotal evidence for that claim. At least in this generation. I'm never satisfied with any of the typings I've thought of for Kendrick Lamar. :/ Seems Fi Dom I think, but something just feels off about either IxFP typing.

Then again, it's tough to type perfection in human form. 🤔I don't do Socionics so I don't buy that he has demonstrative anything to be fair. :/ 

Even so, I don't see him in any SEI description in terms of functions or general behaviors that the main theorists lay out.I get on the worst with SPs. Something about high Se doesn't click with me sometimes.

Obligatory disclaimer that I get along fine with most of them. :PESFJ: I'm one of those in-betweeners... I'll have to reluctantly go with dogs. Why do you make me choose?????? 😣A lot of them that I know do seem a bit masculine. But a more approachable masculine without the aggression, from my experience.

I type as ESFJ and I'm soft as hell and even a tad effeminate. **A1:** It's funny that you mention Impressionism, as that's my favorite art movement. :) I have a few reason for liking it so much. The first is that Impressionism is associated with my major in college, French. Because of the classes I took my natural affinity for French culture, I was exposed to a lot of Impressionist art, even creating compositions about Monet and designing a project for my students during which they do a master study on an Impressionist painting. But the mood and vibe of Impressionism is also intoxicating to me. Whether they're landscapes or not, Impressionism feels vast. This may be because of the haziness of many paintings and the fact that colors blends are used to shape objects in the painting instead of hard lines. It's also simple, and I can appreciate that. You get snapshots into the lives of average, every-day people socializing and going about their day. It's calming and pleasing to look at. :)

**A2:** Philosophically, I don't have a problem with art not expressing reality. Whether it's fantasy art or some form of post-modernism, I've come to appreciate most art pieces in some way, at least looking at things from the perspective of the movement and/or artist. That being said, I'm drawn to more realistic works of art. This is partly why Impressionism impresses me so much. However, ultra-realistic and striking paintings (baroque art for example) can be overwhelming to me. So in that way, "real" paintings that depict "real" events can also make me feel uneasy. I suppose that the aesthetic matters more to me in terms of it reflecting reality, but it is difficult for me to answer this question with complete confidence. Some of these concepts are beyond words.

**A3:** This was a tough question to answer. I suppose that I'll start with the colors... Because I'm so deeply influenced by Impressionism, I'm a fan of the generally calming colors they use. Light blue, deep green, dots of color here and there, non-intrusive colors in general jive with my worldview. So we'd start there. I generally see the world, or at least my immediate world, in this kind of way, so I hope that the colors match up. In terms of the contents of the painting, I probably wouldn't make it some huge metaphor. As much as I can appreciate modern art, I don't think that I'd be satisfied with any attempt I make to depict my view of the world in such a way. Honestly, I would paint what's in front of me, but embellish it a bit and add a bit of my own personal flair. I would probably paint stuff that I find attractive, which is generally laid-back fun in some nice setting (the shore, a boardwalk in a city, etc.). People would be having some nice, normal fun in this nice, normal setting. Harmony is present throughout and this atmosphere is how I would love the world to be.

**B1:** This is a tough question to answer without thinking of some silly technicality about being 100% certain, but there are things I’m pretty damn sure of. First of all, we exist in some capacity. I’ve heard people arguing that we could all just be figments of each other’s imagination, but there’s some level of existence. I do believe that there are things that are self-evident truths (like existing), but I could not walk you through the logic that gets me there, honestly. It is what it is! And for the most part, we’re social entities that naturally go toward others. I notice that so many of the grumpiest introverts (my brother for example) will talk your head off and actively seek to talk to you if you let them talk about something that they like. It’s kind of adorable! There may be exceptions, but I’ve got your number you “grumpy” introverts. :P

**B2:** I think that some skepticism is healthy. But it can get out of hand and this is how things like science-deniers and conspiracy theorists come to be. And that’s because we reframe skepticism in really unfortunate ways. The scientist will be skeptical until a principle whose proof REQUIRES scientific, physical evidence has that proof. But he can still theorize and have “best guesses.” And even when there are scientific discoveries, scientists can still say, “This is the best idea we have and we’ll run with it until something better comes around.” There’s nothing wrong with this conditional acceptance. But there are others who dedicate their time to focus on what we don’t know about something and think that this is an all-or-nothing contest. We may not know every detail about the evolutionary process, but we have a good framework about how it happened.

**B3:** I’m coming out a little blank with this one, to be honest. I don’t normally think about how what I know is so different from the thoughts of others. It just doesn’t compute too well. :P But if I had to choose something that I have a different opinion on from a lot of other people… I truly believe that a balance of having fun and being responsible is the key to being happy. People seem to try and overdo one of these and their lives just become dull and insignificant or they ruin the relationships they have. There’s no reason why I can’t achieve great things and get a good night’s sleep most nights. 

**C1:** Well, the first thing is that you cannot really believe in God with this gain/loss mentality. Being a Christian (I’ll use the same religion that Pascal generally advocated) means a few things that goes beyond simply believing. You need to be invested in it to “be saved.” I’m not convinced that one can be invested in Christianity only from this wager. At best, it’s a way to get somebody concerned with the idea of religion. I would never give my life up for a god because I was afraid of maybe going to hell. I don’t imagine that everybody is going through a constant existential crisis either. We feel as though our lifespan is long, and it’s tough to feel like things are THAT urgent throughout one’s whole existence. The other thing is that different religions have mutually exclusive beliefs about the nature of god, so based on nothing but God being or not being, you cannot be sure that you’re following the correct depiction of god. 

**C2:** I’m not sure why these concepts (I’ll use love) need rationalizing. Why can’t we just feel it and enjoy feeling that way? Why do we need to quantify everything? Can’t we just quantify most things and be content that not everything is predictable? I’m not exactly sure how this is related directly, but this question made me think of this quote from The Little Prince that I said was extremely important when talking about it with my students. “The proof that the little prince existed is that he was charming, that he laughed, and that he was looking for a sheep. If anybody wants a sheep, that is a proof that he exists.” What I’m trying to say is that when people try and rationalize these emotions, they miss the point of them. As it’s said in the book, you could probably intellectually satisfy someone by describing the physical characteristics and signs of love, what goes on in the brain… But that doesn’t capture the push-pull feelings of love, nor does it adequately describe what it’s like to actually be in love, which is somewhat unique for all individuals. It’s fun to get to the root of these emotions, but it can distract from the emotion itself. So in the end, I’d defend it by demonstrating how satisfying it can be, or important in one’s growth. Show, not tell. And I just say, my showing of affection has been quite infectious in the past!!

**D1:** This is exciting because I do wonder what other versions of myself would be like! Are they different in terms of personality or just environment, or both? How much could they be considered me? What small decisions did I make in this life that became completely unhinged due to a decision in a different universe? How much can one’s life change from a single, minor decision? I do have a feeling that, while it’s fun to think of the possibilities, I’d rather not experience another life. I’m content with this one just fine! This was a shorter answer, but I can’t think of much more. 

**D2:** I don’t have a formal philosophy of life that I’ve fleshed out in any meaningful way. Just basic stuff like be kind, love while you can, experience life with friends and family, etc. And I don’t think that it would change! However, I don’t like this question because the idea of death freaks me out. It’s tough for me to know how I’d like to go, because I don’t want to go. I quite like my life and to suddenly lose consciousness forever makes me uneasy… Like, really uneasy. While it scares me to think that I could fall asleep and not wake up, I’d probably like to live a healthy life and later in life suddenly die in my sleep. I wouldn’t know that death is coming or anything like that, and I wouldn’t have to experience it. Honestly, I don’t think that I could handle “experiencing” death, so I’d like to avoid that at all costs. At the same time, I’d love for loved ones to know. If there was a reasonable and healthy way for them to know and not me, but they don’t feel crushed by knowing that it’d happen, that’d be perfect. But man, I hate this question. :P**E1:** I mean, I don’t really see much wrong with it on the surface. I’m not one to engage in the social justice debates because I hate conflict so much, but I do sympathize with the concept that people’s identities are not fragmented and there can be heavy social implications of identifying as things that society sees as mutually exclusive. But I’m honestly not sure how to answer this question, as I don’t really see anything wrong. 

**E2:** Upon reading this, I started to feel guilty that I’ve had a good and normal life. :P And I mean, I’m honestly grateful that my position in the world has let me become who I am. I just hope that we can bring all groups up to the “privileged” level, and not the other way around, as unrealistic and even selfish that may seem. I want others to enjoy what I enjoy, and I can’t say that I want to experience the hardships that marginalized groups do… I’m not a martyr in that way. My apologies for not being wordier with these questions, but I don't really know what to say. 

**F1:** I have a lot of friends, especially from my college days. But one really sticks out (though they all do in their own way). But I got on so well with this one guy, and I consider him my closest friend. We met during our Freshman year and have been friends ever since. Our humor mixes really well. We say dirty jokes to each other, laugh while we blast Drake in the car, talk about anything, and help each other out with whatever problems we’re having. We live a bit far apart now, but whenever I’ve gone to visit I can’t wipe this huge smile off of my face and when I finally get to see him it’s like we picked up wherever we left. My entire mood is lifted by his existence and it’s wonderful! I have so many precious memories with my whole group of friends, but there’s something special about how we get along with each other that’s tough to explain more than the fact that we clique like crazy. He also loves hugs as much as I do, so that helps! Oh, and we Skyped to listen to the new Drake project. That bonding moment was too important not to say!

**F2:** Probably the fact that I thought of him earlier today and called him up, as well as the fact that I’ve been planning a visit to see a bunch of college friends in the area. But, like I said in the previous question, we’re amazing friends in every way, so of course I’d think of him first! 

**F3:** This is going to be short, because the only thing I’d change is his location (or mine) to be closer so we could hang out more! Can’t think of anything else, I don’t usually focus on someone’s negative traits if I really like them!

**G1:** There are three. The first is that I recently resigned from my teaching job so I’m trying to find a new one in a different field. I’m limiting it to a few states, but it’s still stressful. The second is that I feel sad and a bit lonely without my old college friends. We still talk, but I live far away, so… The third is that I gained weight during the year and I really want to lose it and more! 

**G2:** Well, I’m applying to a bunch of places. Since I resigned from teaching, I only feel a little guilty about taking this summer time off. I’m also still getting paid through August, so there’s that! But I made my resume amazing and that good friend I mentioned helped me make a bomb cover letter template! So it’s stressful, but also exciting about starting what I think is my “dream job!” As for the friends part, I’m making sure to stay in contact as well as plan trips with them. We’re trying to camping together in July, so I cannot wait for that. I’m also looking for jobs in the area where they all live. And as for the weight part, I’m watching my calories and doing some light/moderate exercise each day. No better time for it if I’m not working! I want to get into the habit of being healthy, as I ate because of stress often while teaching. D: 

**G3:** Well the unemployment exists because I was way too stressed from teaching. But my emotions are a bit weird with it. I miss the kids a ton and almost cried on the last day. But the pain of doing something I ultimately knew I wasn’t passionate about got to me, not to mention that I had too many different classes to teach (6 preps is a lot my friends). And I love advising roles much more than making scripted lessons. And while I may not have been the best teacher in terms of pushing my students, I developed relationships with them better than many could. I honestly liked the socializing aspect of teaching more than telling them how to say things in French… The friend one I’ve talked about… I’m a social person and I like people… And I love my friends and miss the social aspect of college. The weight stuff comes from me liking to be healthy and attractive. I’m not gonna lie, I’m self-conscious and don’t want to be. I’m also a shallow fuck who is attracted to girls way outside my league, so instead of being a choosy beggar, why not bring myself to their level? I also want an energetic dog in future (husky), so I need to be in good shape so that I can let that good boy/girl run free! 

**H1:** I’ll be the first to say that I’m not equipped to answer this. I’m that guy who blindly trusts science and will immediately feel revolted about any type of conspiracy theory. So if someone is pro-vaccines, I’d agree with them most likely. But I’d probably be like, “Hey, I read this interesting thing. Not sure how true it is, but it’s interesting.” That’s my way of deflecting criticism and getting into debates. Just being neutral and seeing what the other person says. I’m not proud that I do that and it can seem fake, but whatever.

**H2:** Well, if they couldn’t handle there being ANY reason to suggest that certain things in vaccines could have certain things that could be toxic, then they might be annoying and immature. However, if they were to give me reasons why the use of this preservative wasn’t anything to care about and explained civilly, I don’t think there would be much reason for conflict…

**H3:** I said it before. I’ve grown up among people who trust scientists so I do the same. I haven’t thought much about it until now for myself, admittedly. If scientific consensus says that vaccines don’t cause autism, I’ll believe it! Usually the people who are yelling about them causing autism seem a bit crazy…

**Afterthoughts You Asked for :)**

So, this took me a bit under 2 hours to complete. I did this all at once and barely edited my responses (sorry for the bad grammar in advance). I was trying to get this done before I went out to eat with my fam, but now that I still have 2 hours until that happens, I don’t see the need to edit any actual content. And I’ve already edited a bunch of documents for grammar today that relate to my job search, so I really don’t feel like going through all of this again, sorry friend.  I am completely fine with my answers and it would not feel genuine to dwell on these answers for the next couple of days before posting. I believe that these types of questionnaires are generally better if done raw, as I believe that my personality comes out the best without me trying to adjust things after the fact. But I apologize in advance if you really wanted this to be polished. 

I read your instructions for taking the exam, but I still answered them in order and based on the sub-questions. Looking back for a minute, I don’t think that these were constraining at all. In fact, they helped me think of stuff to say for the questions that didn’t really interest me or for which I didn’t have a good answer in mind. And I like to do these things in order because for some reason it would bother me if I didn’t do that. I’ll say that I’m a weird mix of being stubbornly organized yet rushed, probably due to wanting immediate gratification when it comes to getting typing advice, LOL! But I have a system of doing things when it comes to the sequence. I definitely enjoyed some questions more than others, but I’d feel annoyed if I didn’t do them sequentially or if I strayed from the questions too much, though I know that I may have gone off on mini-tangents within the questions. 

Thank you in advance for this, I always enjoy your contributions to this sub &lt;3Thanks! :) Nice analysis (corresponds to my self-typing mwahaha).The only way to eat an Oreo is to remove the top cookie with your bottom teeth, eat it immediately, use your top teeth to scrape the creme from the bottom half and eat that, then finish the bottom cookie. C'mon guys and girls... 🙄I always downplay my own birthday and honestly like to keep it low-key. I have a summer birthday so on the one hand the weather is amazing, but on the other hand people are on vacation so it was rare to have a huge celebration on my birthday. I guess this led to me not caring too much.

But other people's birthdays?? I love planning them. I've helped plan huge ones for my friends and low-key ones for my friends who are more shy. But I do love them. :) 

ESFJTo be fair you could go to /r/atheism and see all of his arguments perpetuated. Based on what he's already said, it all sounds like Google-able "gotcha" logic. 🙄My older brother is an IxTJ, can't decide which. INTJ isn't bad though, thinking about it. He's also a 5 in the Enneagram. We used to fight a lot about we get along fine now.

He's not the healthiest person I know and I feel like he compares himself to me too much. :/ But outside of academics, he's much smarter than I am I think. 

I look up to him, but not his lifestyle if that makes sense. :PWow that was a good way to put it! 😀Apparently Logan Paul is an ESFJ. Can't stand him though, something about him just annoys me right when he starts talking. :/ Really? I figured his brother Jake Paul might be ESTP, but not him. HmmmWell if that's the case then I'm okay with that lolNice post and thanks for all that you've done on this subreddit!

I honestly think that some of the more popular online tests and descriptions of N functions pretty blatantly play to people with low self-esteem. It finally explains why you don't get along with your totally basic parents, why you feel so different from your peers, etc. For some people it can be a way to claim a small victory over people you don't like, which is gross. And this happens with dichotomies and functions.

This is only personal experience, but I notice that, if I were to take a basic dichotomy MBTI test, my self-esteem and level of (in)security affects more than just my E v. I score. I score much more in the N category if I'm feeling disconnected from others and a bit jaded. Dunno if there's an actual correlation though.The one from the show is surely ISFJ. Another SJ with spotty memory chiming in. 

I'd say that there's a difference between the impressions that Si "collects" and assimilates as an understanding of reality versus remembering where your keys are or something. For me, this is a process that is unconscious.

My ESTP cousin will say, "Remember when this specific thing happened when we were young?"

My response is usually somewhere between "Not at all" to "Kinda." Ha!IxTP yes (most likely INTP, there was a time when I thought ISTP, but I changed my mind, not much Se in his personality other than that feature on the Danny Brown song that was in my memory when I initially typed him as ISTP lol). 4? Not at all. He's never struck me as a 4 and INTP 4 is a contradiction anyhow.How do you reconcile the differences between Ti's tendency to coldly and logically analyze stuff while repressing emotions with 4's tendency to be over-emotional and wallow in their sadness (as described by Naranjo at least? My memory of other authors' descriptions are fuzzy)

They seem to be almost opposite to me...I remember when we could edit our flairs and not be at the mercy of a random color scheme. :( If I was Si-Fe instead of Fe-Si, I'd go from a great color to a shitty color. It's just scary to think about...Agreed, especially about the needing alone time stuff. I doubted Fe dom for a while because I do like some time alone, but when I put it in perspective, I need a lot less than introverts. It's just tough to see oneself in some Fe/ExFJ descriptions because we're depicted as the popular kids who go out 7 days a week.With my tertiary Ne... Once in a while I have moments when I could be mistaken for the girl who wrote that "Holds up spork" copypasta. Like playfully random but filled with cringey lines that keep me up at night.

Nah, he's way too naturally Si. ENTPs couldn't pretend to be like that for 3 days let alone however long he's been making videos. ISTJs just have some fun and loveable quirks like that.Usually whatever is the best thing in whatever tier I'm playing at the moment, which is OU right now 😂 so Magearna right now I suppose.A few things:

1. Intuition, functionally speaking, may be more common than what's commonly accepted. I'm not sure how correct the statistics that get thrown around are.

2. Whatever the actual ratio, there seem to be a lot of mistyped people. And I don't say this to try and be edgy. There are just a lot of people I see who seem to digest information like a high Si/Se user... But of course they wear a variety of xNxx flairs. For example, there are probably a lot of "ENFPs" who are ESFJ, "ENTPs" and "ENTJs" who are ESTJ, etc. The mistyped SJs are hard to blame; every account of an "SJ" on here is complaining about an overbearing parent. So you don't get to know what an SJ your own age is like, and there are a lot of Ns (both real and mistyped) who, if they decide to become parents, WILL be complained about by their children on the Internet. There's an infuriating lack of perspective in this case.

3. There's some weird stigma that I still see going around that the Internet beyond Facebook is more N heavy. That's just super dumb. Did Ns populate the Internet back when it was slower/not ingrained in our culture? Probably. But nowadays, you can take high speed Internet in your pocket, and so many people have interests and search the Internet to find like-minded people. MBTI goes well with any personality type, as everyone likes either explaining themselves or other people. The theory itself isn't too abstract like Socionics can be, so it's accessible. The hardest part is getting good at spotting functions, not understanding literature on the subject, so I don't buy the "oh, Ns like it because it's theory" thing. I remember being asked if it was weird being one of the few ESFJs on Reddit/non-social media. I just laughed. There are a lot of ESFJs, just not ones that wear that flair. Good thing that powerful mobile phones exist. We can take the Internet with us while we live our lives. :)I thought intuitives were supposed to generate new, novel ideas? :oI don't think you are overreacting from what you said. If it's food meant for you two after all. It's kind of rude not to ask when you're a guest unless you get special permission from the host.

The only thing is: it sounds like your parents are the ones paying for the food. If I'm correct, what do they think about the situation? I mean, it would seem reasonable for them to buy more if they were really okay with feeding another mouth almost every day. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯This looks really good! My Big 5 scores and MBTI line up well with your correlations actually! :)

The only thing is that I would say that ESFJ may score a bit lower on extraversion than, say, and ESTP or even ENFJ because Fe + Se probably scores higher in the excitement seeking category, as well as possibly assertiveness. But of course, ESFJ may outscore them in the other categories. I know that I personally score incredibly low on assertiveness and somewhat low on excitement seeking, so my score personally ranges from middle to middle-high in extroversion as a whole.

It would be a lot of work and theorizing, but it would be cool to find correlations for each MBTI type with every facet of each Big 5 category.To be honest, I think that, while the above poster may very well have high openness, openness seems to be a facet that many overestimate nowadays. Ni doms really can fall on both sides of the spectrum imo, but it's very rare that an Ni dom would self-identify as having low openness.On average, I'd say friendliness and cheerfulness. Si/Ne axis in general seems like it'd score higher on those two facets of extroversion. I'm not sure who would score higher on the activity level facet though. Of course there are exceptions though blah blah etc.The self-discipline needed to tough something out (like a shitty entry level job) can be learned if it doesn't come naturally to you, especially if it gets you to where you want to be.

It probably is a bit harder for many IxFPs in this way, but at the end of the day, you need to get over it if you want to even have a chance at pursuing your passion. Life favors results, not a "woe is me" shitty attitude. 

I'd rather spend my time caring about how systematic racism and discrimination stops people from achieving things, instead of someone thinking that the cards are unreasonably stacked against them due to the fucking MBTI...To be fair, dichotomies have a place in the world. I mean, I prefer the Big 5 in almost every way to dichotomies, but still.Gotcha! Just be ready for a huge post about why dichotomies are the best from this INTJ who may still come around lolESFJ

I count calories religiously (less than 15 lbs from my ideal weight) and will continue to count for maintenance forever probably. I don't trust myself to eat intuitively.

I eat a large breakfast (overnight oats most of the time), a small carb-heavy snack a couple of hours before my afternoon run, and then a small meal about 15 after my run. Sometimes I bring sports drinks on my runs if they're long enough. This small meal and then dinner is where I get most of my veggies and protein.

I don't meal plan too much other than breakfast, which is generally ~5 days of different overnight oats recipes because their delicious. The other meals have some variance, but I'm not a great cook and haven't figured out how to enjoy cooking in bulk.Hi.See that's why I rarely come here. :)&gt;Lol no. He is a Fi ~~nightmare~~ champion. 100% SFP.

FTFY

But yeah, people who think that he's SFJ may just be insane. I lean ESFP myself. Inferior Ni methinks.ESTP could work! I do know that he is Se loud and proud, that much is apparent. :PYou may be the first person I've met who admits to like living in CT lol, and this is coming from someone who has lived in CT for many years of my life. People seem super ready to gtfo.*Googles best cities for running, sees Boulder*

Yeah, there. I've also read that Colorado is one of the healthier and active states in general, so that's a plus.

Outside of the U.S., I remember loving Nantes like crazy. From my brief visit, it doesn't seem to be quite as busy as the huge capital cities, but it's by water and seems to have a lot to do. I got a good vibe from it, I could say. :) It's tough to choose though, a lot of charming, medium-sized cities exist.

ESFJWhy only Si doms? Lol

Glad I'm useless, though. &gt;They'll ask about the weather and stuff but that's it. They're also kind of annoying as well. 

That just means they think that you're boring/annoying and don't want to open their interests up to you. Not that they don't have the faculties to do so, funnily enough. So the feeling is most likely mutual, at least in my experience seeing these two types interact. Okay, but answer my question. What about Si doms inherently make them more useful than other sensors, and what do sensors do that intuitives can do "and more?" 

You're purposely being abstract and answering in generalities and anecdotes. It definitely feels a bit odd being a fairly non-confrontational ESFJ who doesn't really want children. But it's as if people think that it's the sole goal of ESFJs to have children and strictly control their upbringing.Dunno about the venting thing... I couldn't embarrass myself like that. Why would you want that type of dirt out in the open? I only post positive stuff once in a blue moon, and it's usually only once I accomplish something worthwhile. STJs for sure. Even though I don't want kids, I love the thought of hypothetical children complaining about my hypothetical wife and me on the Internet.I mean, it can be weird when people open up too personally and too quickly. But I'm not sure that you did that with this information.

Was she busy and just needed time? We can't tell you because we don't know her.That may be true. While this isn't always the case, I generally associate people opening up to me a ton super early as a dependency thing which I like to avoid. But it may not be like that for her and it's not like opening up at all bothers me, just an excessive amount. Does she seem engaged by the conversation? Are you texting back instantly or double texting?

As for the initiation, it's tough to say. People can be shy about that kind of thing and it technically is more *gag* traditional for the guy to initiate conversations, but I dunno, I usually take it as them not being interested personally. 

Personally, I never text unless it's to make plans, so not much to say there. Plus I'm a dude, so I'm not sure how that influences my preferences for texting. I mean it sounds promising! I think that either she's cool with you having opened up, or you didn't go off the handle. :P 

I would say that she seems interested just based on that, but this is still new for both of you, so slow responses happen. I also forgot that this was through an app. According to my friends, weird, creepy dudes are a dime a dozen on there, so I wouldn't discount the possibility of her just being cautious. You got this! The key is to make a game out of it. Like, you visit the sub at the same time each day, read everything that's unread, and keep track of each SJ insult! Or you can make a bingo card! The ideas for fun are endless.

But for real, I become more and more distant from this sub each day. I find my other hobby subs so much more interesting. Both the topics and userbase.Dying for sure.Huh? Gotcha, that went over my head.Now I'm not sure how different types and music preferences go together, if they do at all. But I wanted to see if there were maybe any genre similarities between people who identify as certain types. 

Using [this](http://top50.topsters.net/) site, you can upload up to 50 of your favorite albums. I do not believe you need to fill all of them in, but it would be cool to see at least a top 10-20.

[Here's mine](http://i.imgur.com/3GBXUZC.jpg). I tried not to use the same artist twice until the final section, where I added my other favorite albums by certain artists. 

^^^Yes, ^^^this ^^^is ^^^a ^^^thinly ^^^veiled ^^^attempt ^^^to ^^^find ^^^new ^^^music.I'm going through one of those periods during which I question my type. I get mixed results from all of the forced questionnaires that I answer, so I'm wondering if people who are willing to watch a video can analyze me based on a video in which I talk about something I know well?

I feel more comfortable talking about my favorite music than answering questions I've never thought about, and I think it highlights the way I explain things and communicate better. :] So if you're willing to give it a shot, I'd highly appreciate it.

[Here's the video!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yJ_xFhOCnI&amp;t=2s)So I like to read type descriptions for all types on the Internet just because. This includes Big 5 stuff, DISC, dichotomy MBTI, Jung, Enneagram, Socionics, etc. And it would interest me to know if there's a description, no matter the type or system, that just hits a lot of nails on the head. 

It doesn't need to even be correct within the scope of the theory and can be a "bad" type description. But if it fits you very well, I'd love for you to post it! 

For example, for me, the SEI-Fe subtype type description describes me to a T other than the single phrase about me being able to cook well (I'm absolutely shit at it and don't have the patience). Everything else fits, from my actions to the way my eyes dart, etc. 

Link to that: http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/SEI-ISFp/subtypes/

Again, I don't care if it's a description of a type you identify with. It can not hold up to your view of the theory, but just eerily describe you well. I'm a bit skeptical of many facets of Socionics, but, hey, this describes me the most out of any description from any system if read in a vacuum. 
If it's an IxTP do you think there would be a conflicting balance? Shit. I'm sorry I meant ExTP. I was wondering if their Ti and Fe would get muddled up or be conflicted, if they're close in stacking. I know people are different, but what if said person's Ti and Fe are pretty balanced? How would you differentiate an IxFJ from a ExTP? Other than the perceiving functions?Thanks for clarifying. Just... Um. One more question. I think my query could be answered if I'd thought about it more :T

The thing is I question a lot of things, especially if there's a plot hole or something just doesn't make *sense* or why didn't he do that if his bestie is an avid bookworm who always nags him? I sometimes get into arguments, too, because their idea is ludicrous or dehumanize a group of people. But I back out when I think it gets out of hand. I wonder if it's my Ti developing like your Fe and it's my tertiary Ti talking, or maybe I could reconsider retyping..That makes a lot of sense. Thanks.Wouldn't Harry be more... helpful when there's disputes and arguments if he has dominant Fe? He always seems to avoid arguments or doesn't want or maybe know how to diffuse it. He doesn't care much for people either. He does want to protect them and save them, but I think that's his Fi's moral obligation. He doesn't take care of people, like Molly does. Doesn't fawn over them, being helpful, and sympathetic. Doesn't try to please people either. 

Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley were abusive towards him, so I feel like it'd be only natural for him to crave an essence of a family. I don't feel like he wanted belonging either, just something to call "home." (maybe I need a reread?)

Rowling even said he's ruled by his own conscience.Because he has dominant Fe? Wouldn't people's dominant function be the most natural to them?I think OP may doesn't have a clear understanding of Ni and Ti rather than comparing them.&gt; Believes that people are different.

Dunno what he means by this; people are fundamentally different.

&gt; Eating at a restaurant, will risk picking the strangest sounding dishes on the menu out of curiosity

Sounds like Ne.

&gt; When giving gifts, likes to give things with "meaning" or things he has associated with certain memories

A LOT like Si.

&gt; Not good at giving verbal affirmations

I wonder why. Does he not relate or empathize with people's feelings? Why does he want to help homeless people? Out of moral obligations or because it's socially appropriate?

xNTP, possibly.Nah, I need a rewatch! I forget like, 80% of the show.Like your actual personality? Have you try looking into cognitive functions? And less reading about the basis of a type?

Maybe that will help you compartmentalize your traits. I reckon XXTP.

Which one do you use more of:

look at things with objectively with no filter whatsoever, *what is*

or 

connect objects to other objects to generate possibilities, *what could be*Hi!!!! 

So, first off, you should read:

[this](http://mbtiobsessed.tumblr.com/post/126881345400/so-can-you-make-a-comprehensive-post-about)

or

[this](http://naughty-nanny.tumblr.com/post/138025960182/semantics-and-judging-functions)

Hope that clarifies things. 

Also, MBTI is thought process and thought process =/= actions. A Si-dom (to put simply, someone who trusts their past and is OK with doing the same stuff every day) will not do the same things as another Si-dom. Like confronting people, because that always yields the best results. But the other Si-dom may be like: No, arguing doesn't solve anything, because someone always end up in tears. Better stay out of it.Quiet doesn't necessarily mean introvert, so does her energy drain after spending a lot of time alone or with people?

Guessing Fi for the third point, but could be Si if she grew up in a religious environment.

Probably a sensor.Sounds like a Fe-dom. Also can see why you're typed as an E4.

Does this sound like you?:

This is how things should be based on the past—my experiences, trusted people's experiences, things that have been taught and things that have proven to work well in the past. 

If "yes, that comes naturally to me, it's not tiresome to do that, it's easy!" then ESFJ. If no, then ENFJ.

(not even trying Ni, 'cause that shit is wonky.)
Introverted doesn't mean shy. They seem introverted, because they recharge by walking in nature or being with animals. Definitely INF, though.I suppose you're IFP. Maybe ISFP.

"better at working independently on one thing at a time than managing multiple projects at once." definitely not Ne. 

The whole thing damps with Fi. It's just a vibe I get from you, tbh.

The researching on self-improvement based on (supposedly) anxiety sounds like Type 6.

Do these relate to you?:

* "The reason Sixes are so loyal to others is that they do not want to be abandoned and left without support."

* "once Sixes feel they can trust someone, they go to great lengths to maintain connections with the person who acts as a sounding board, a mentor, or a regulator for the Six’s emotional reactions and behavior."



Oh my god, well, I can tell which teaching style I dislike--when teachers try to juggle different info in a compacted time slot, so there's not much time for *learning*, but rather "holy shit, look at the time! what's the answer for 5? did you finish researching for the project?" My SS teacher's reasoning was that textbooks are dry-boring. I learn more from text books than her.

Anyway... I like: 

* Practicing, 'cause, well, 'practice makes perfect.' The rhythm and repetition help me a lot.

* Oral lectures (when I'm not living inside my head, anyway). Not sure why, but probably it seems like the teachers are invested in the subject matter. It feels like subject matter is something great and will do good for the world. IDK.

* When I know what to expect, so I can read and research ahead.

* Hands-on stuff, concrete matters.

* Small class, so we can easily bounce topics without feeling overwhelmed.

You can use [this](http://personality-studies.tumblr.com/post/141592065472/ideal-lesson-plan-for-mbti-types).Then stop reading about the descriptions. See the positive. Like idk, you're more likely to be impulsive than the average ISFJ, like novelty and surprises, can easily jump from one idea to another lightning-quick and see multiple possibilities without feeling drained and question something's consistency. 

And not making feeling-based decisions isn't bad. You're less likely to be a doormat, for example. The descriptions aren't black and white. They just literally describe the aftereffects of the types' functions, Ti and Fe respectively.

(You kinda sound like an ISFJ, tho)&gt; cognitive functions (which I didn't trust) 

Why didn't you trust functions? (your answer might be an indicator of Te vs Ti)

&gt; I'm sensitive, I used to be really sensitive child, however I saw that it's a weakness and I tried to deny it.

Inferior Fi, maybe.

&gt; I'm kind of manipulative, when I have goal in it.

&gt; I'm really ambitious, I would like to achieve as much as possible (I've got 3w4 enneagram btw), sometimes even in evil way

Te

&gt;I've got a thousand of ideas per second.

Ne. Actually the whole text seems a lot like Ne's burst of ideas.

So I see NTJ as a possibility. I would say NFP, too, but you repress your feelings and think it's a weakness, so maybe not. Or your ambitiousness is because of your E3.You think so? Ti and Fe seems strong, but I can't see any sensing or intuitive functions. 

To be honest, I seriously thought he was a dominant Ti, but here people seems to think Fe-Ti... I mean he seems pretty excited to navigate the internal makeup of some IKEA furniture and figuring complex problems. 

Why do you think Fe over Ti?&gt; I'd say Te has always been a part of me. As a kid, was very book one Hermione. Si is comfortable and safe, Ne is a pain and I wish it would calm down and focus and Fi is puzzling but becoming clearer all the time.

Haha, you probably just answered your own question dude.
Cancer and Virgo have obvious Si, Virgo is very a... sensor type. Possibly both ISFJ. Fixed signs have Si, mutable signs N, and cardinal signs Te. Libra, most likely Fe. Earth signs are some sort of sensors, fire signs Se, water signs feelers (especially water moons), air signs IDK. Capricorn is maybe the equivalent of E3, E6 is Virgo, E4 Aquarius.

I also have an inuitive notion that Gemini is Ne incarnate and Sagittarius Ni, and no one can tell me otherwise. Which makes me think that Aries is Fi (since the 1st house is the Self), while Libra is Fe (7th house is the Other). I wonder if the opposite signs are like that as well?

Astrology, to me anyway, seems very... symbolic. Virgo is the ugly knot of dread in my stomach, Taurus is the epitome of lethargy, Gemini is the chaotic quicksand that never seems to stop, Scorpio (moon) is this intense, fire-burning, suffocating feeling that I think no one really understands. At least that's how I can easily identify the zodiac signs anyway.

Btw not insinuating that an ISFJ is a Cancer or something, that's just how I correlate astrology and MBTI.IDK, I did say that if someone is a Virgo, doesn't mean s/he is a sensor. That's just how I correlate things.ENFJ and ENFP have vastly different functions, though :P

C1: EFJ, making a difference on humanity--inspiring others--seems more Fe than Fi, seems idealistic and visionary, so N.

C2: IFP, is literally the Moral Compass plus likes rules. 

C3: I'm not sure.

C4: IDK, really. Maybe ESTJ ("She is torn between her desire to do her duty and her desire to cut loose and live a little." &lt;--&gt; Te+Si).I think you might be a NTJ.

&gt; remember concepts and theories well

Ni.

&gt; forget and aren't really great at comparison relating to technical/sensory stuff

That rules out Si/Se.

&gt; 'turning on the charm' for interviews and social occasions

I feel like you do this, because it's efficient--it gets the job done quick, not because you judge whether that's socially acceptable or not, so Te, which seems true with your answer to letter J, which presents Fi (weigh the pros and cons of decisions to see which one is most productive and beneficial, then check your choice in your morals).

Try to see if [this](http://mr-entj.com/post/144145712110/how-would-you-say-that-you-use-your-extrovert) or [this](http://mr-entj.com/post/143067921710/entj-vs-intj-differences-from-an-entj) rings true for you, maybe?


Really? I ruled out Si, because he said he doesn't notice comparisons and inconsistencies much, and easily forget sensory details. I admit, though, I can't really see Ni either.&gt; And I also tend to make decisions based on what I want, not based on what would actually be best.

I guess that eliminates the possibility of Te.

And yep, don't read too much into the type descriptions--they are rather... stereotypical and generic, putting the types into compacted boxes and just call it a day.

Maybe these resources could help you narrow it down?:

* [MBTI Terms VS Conventional Meanings](http://eilamona.com/post/131780972956/mbti-terms-vs-conventional-meaning)

* [Sensing VS Intuition](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/117177033572/basics-sensing-vs-intuition)

* [Ti-Fe Vs Fi-Te](http://mbti-resources.tumblr.com/post/154275877756/im-having-diffoculty-deciding-whether-i-use)

(I can relate!!! typing oneself can be a right bitch. Still not even sure if I'm even an ISFJ)&gt; Things are popular for a reason and if I want to function in society, occasionally, I must play along.

&gt; Logic is concrete and allows us to more clearly see the world as it is, not misshapen by how we want it to be.

&gt; I get an absolute rush from compiling my work and demonstrating success.

&gt; Authenticity is vital because we cannot improve, grow, or learn until we accept who we are and optimize our action based on these findings

Te!!! I imagine you're a NTJ rather than having Si as one of your main functions (based on your answers to the values q's, like you have these important concepts and how they "continuously improve our situations," which is, I think, Ni+Te).

I think you're an ENTJ, since INTJs aren't likely to get adrenaline rushes when delivering a presentation, and you're more authoritative and quick to make decisions than the usual INTJ.

A type is a just a type; I used to think ISFJs are boring AF and are the mindless sheeps in the family, but fuck that noise.

It's obvious you've Fe ("quite good at noticing how people are feeling," "sort of chameleonic when it comes to interacting with people," (&lt;-- Fi users usually don't do things that are not authentic to them)). I wouldn't say that you're a Ni user, because you like plans and finishing them--everyone likes plans.

Some Si VS Ni stuff, since I suck at comparisons:

[one](http://infjedi.tumblr.com/post/140365579611/ni-si-and-self-delusion)

[two: ni](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/123392076857/how-do-you-develop-the-ni-function-it-seems-like)

[three: si](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/120443007842/how-functions-work-dominant-si-istjisfj)

[four](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/119355115987/accurate-typing-the-dominant-function)TBH your Fe is most obvious, or at least you're a Feeler.

&gt; I try not to say everything I think about, because I would probably offend some people

&gt; If it was some low level issue that i cared about, probably play devils advocate so i could understand where they are coming from?

Prioritize values over people, how things affect them? Fe.

Clarify on "Probably social interaction, where i need to make choices about what to do when talking to people," maybe? I feel that's form of Se+Ni.&gt; I often get worried when in social situations about the right thing to do? Mostly in fear of saying the wrong thing to somebody

Fe. Fi users don't typically weigh people's emotional responses over their own.

&gt; I usually think too much about stuff that goes wrong, like all these stupid possibilities about things that could happen

Inferior Ne, so ISFJ? 

(I'm not sure how inferior Ne manifests for you, but like, I do things out of the ordinary, but the choices are not really risky (eg wearing shorts even though I always wear jeans), I like activities that are "safe" but still utilizes creativity and exploration, and most of the time during art class, my artworks were always the "mismatched" or "clashy" ones (like I have these individual components but I don't really know how to combine in such a way that there's homeostasis).Haha yep, exactly how I feel about most Fi dominants in my school (I say school, b/c my family is composed of mostly thinkers and sensors. It's pretty weird). I find it hard to fit in with them and understand their POVs. Their inner network is too fluid or volatile or something, so much, that I keep walking on eggshells, and then somehow I unintentionally avoid the Fi users.

But somehow I like the ITJ's. They get work done quick but don't seem overbearing. It's nice to be around them.I'm at fault for like 4/5 of those, and I have to agree, too, that these aspects are pretty detrimental when talking to people. I stress too much on people's feelings or how my actions will affect them, so sometimes I come off as fake and/or passive aggressive (also don't think my 9w1 help me much..) Number one fault, though, is letting my personal bias of a person clouds their actions/words' values--so people &gt;&gt;&gt; hard facts. 

I have some kind of suspicions about these faults, but never really see them worded, so I guess, thanks? Like, now I can be more aware when I'm too much of a people-pleaser, and stop doing certain things, like agreeing too much when I'm actually uncomfortable.Thanks, dude :D

I'll keep those in mind, especially with disagreeing and doing the right thing even though it doesn't feel good (asserting myself for one). I hope you have a good day and for those advices.Here's a tidbit from PerCafe that I think explains the difference well enough:

"A dominant Te-user is more likely to be direct and stubborn, it's one of the least flexible extroverted functions because they go based on facts and what is rather what could be. A Te-Si user will look at a group and put them in order through heirarchy, structure, rules, and roles. A Te-Ni user can look at a failing company see the potential, buy it out, create a new business plan and get the right people to carry out his big plan. Essentially they see what needs to be done and act on it based on their secondary functions." @Tinkas

Ni users get their gut feelings of how situations will most likely manifest based on their observations of the then-and-now (Se). They pick up the underlying essence under stories, situations, etc., while sensors take things at face values. INTJs are more deliberate and cautious than their extrovert sibling; they create a thorough plan first, then take action.

Si users apply their past references on a current situation and see the possibilities on how the situation will likely work out (Ne). (I can't speak for the Ni users, but I'm very much averse towards new, unpredictable situations where I don't have any past references, but then I trust my friends' input and let them guide me, so STJs are guided by objective truths and what's efficient.)

edit:

[ISTJ vs ESTJ](http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/99432842380/can-you-explain-for-me-the-difference-between-istj)

or work out whether you're introverted (being around people is draining) or extroverted (being alone is draining).

Whether you're an introvert or extrovert.

Whether you relate more to inferior Ne or inferior Fi. [1](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/29158-form-inferior-etjs.html) [2](http://personalityjunkie.com/02/extraverted-introverted-intuition-inferior-functions)

Whether you relate more to Si-Fi loop or Te-Ne loop. [1](http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-like) [2](http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html)

hope that helps. 
Pisces and Cancer are pretty Fe-valuing, and Aquarius is the epitome of Fi. Not too sure about Aries being Fe, though. Aries rules the 1st house, which is the house of the self.

eta: Other functions (pls don't take this seriously):

Gemini: Ne 

Sagittarius: Ni

Taurus, Virgo, Cancer: Si

Aries, Leo: Se

Capricorn: Te

and yay! :D I always wanted to have this convo, but was sure I'd get criticized or no one knows what I'm talking about. Astrology is very complex and (sometimes too) specific, as there are houses, planets in houses, signs in houses, dualities, modalities, and elements, and aspects, and... other stuff.

alwaysastrology is a pretty good site to learn about them, along with cafeastrology and astro. On alwaysastrology, you can find your birth chart via the 'free birth chart' link. (Display Options--&gt; check all of options, then click 'redraw.')I dead-on got IN/SFJ the first few times. Now, fast forward ~six months later - INFP with ISFJ at fourth. (So, I guess its time for the questionnaire.)

But, you ''consistently'' got ISTJ at second, so I dont think its much of a dilemma.

I'm sold that Hermione is a xSTJ. 

She's anything but a really strong Te user in my eyes. Organization, colored folders, charts, maps, no trouble doings things efficiently and on time, anything that resembles a teacher's dream. She relies on what is already proved to be true, the written words. Bossy. Likes to take charge. Hates that Harry can brew a perfect potion from instructions in Prince's diary when she got them in the textbook and got it wrong. 

More likely that she's a Te dom, because Te comes so naturally to her.

Her inferior Fi really shows through when she organizes SPEW. She wants to liberate the house elves, but doesn't get that most of them don't agree with her.

Ne, makes the connection that Remus is a werewolf from reading it in books and his behavior and has more options on her hand than an inferior Ne would have. 

Si, recollections from what she have already read. She doesn't like abstract information.

other characters (most of them are just educated guesses):

Harry: ISFP

Ron: ESFP

Luna: INxP

Tom Riddle: ENTJ

Fred/George: ENTP

Molly: ESFJ

Umbridge: ISTJ

(obviously typing fictional characters isn't very consistent, but I'm just curious)
Depends on what materia was used?I like your types handling guide. As an ISFJ with a ISTP best friend and roommate, it helps me to understand him better.  I'm a fan of you guys!lol I was wondering when the other games would come about. Now all we need is VII and IX. NahBut...but....I wanna be my own person......fine I'll go bake cookies.....does anyone need any milk? XDBut guys, everyone likes cookie time! Can't we all just....you know..get along? Peace is nice...we have cookies!I'm happy with the description :) ISFJ! ISFJ! ISFJ!You're Awesome! Thank you for this!Thank you for your response! I'm not letting anything limit/ dictate the dating realm. Just merely looking at it from a different angle that I haven't explored yet.Good advice, thanks!ISFJ and Sabre Fencer. I also do sword combat fighting from time to time.What is it with ESFJ's and performance? Everyone of you that I know does this and you all are great at it!Meow.Wrath in my experienceTrue but replying to show solidarity for a fellow ISFJ!Not following through with plans made or not doing the things you say you will do. I get it you're a "free flow mind" but have some action behind your words plox! Also being lazy about your responsibilities because you know I'll pick those up to make it all smoother and getting upset when I call you your BS.Every. Project. Ever. 
Happy to find a fellow guardian to commiserate with! Cheers!Make sure those who deserve them get cookies.A good strategy for those who do the fixing.ISFJs will almost always bring something homemade and tasty to a party for mass consumption. Ask how they made it, etc.
Source: Am ISFJ and like to cook and go to parties.Agreed to ISFJ part lolSo what is an ISFJ?ESFJ : THOR!!!!Heeyyyyy!!! Yeah you're probably right if we figure they actually are legit and need it. I usually do food over money tho.The three I've encountered were abrasive know it alls that loved to cause drama on the surface. But like most everyone else, you give them a chance and are sweet caring people under that 80 sandgrit outer shell.But surely a Gryffindor can never be compatible with a Slytherin! I dunno because depending on the domain you pick as a cleric changes the game.#***THE ISFJ DID NOT BRING COOKIES, ONLY LIGHTLY DUSTED CHEESE NIPS.***I got 5 on itWell shit.Giving my how well he sniffed those flowers one can assume the substance.Not just the children, but the men and the women too!There there.Good......gooooooooooood.INFP emotional hulk/ scarlet witch mode is nothing to fuck around with....shits scary.Second.Unless you cross us....ISTPs and ISFPs are my favorites.[Then you know.](https://youtu.be/dNQs_Bef_V8)Nah you'll just self implode and take the rest of the universe with you. What is dead may never die.Nah....loving cuddles deserve good cookies....just with THC.^such ^tacticsOh you know we can handle a crop and step on your throat with a heel you little bitch. You know you like it.You shitty contraptions can't contain me.Because they cheated.Fix You - Coldplay

I Am the Fire - Halestorm

Somebody That I Used to Know - Gotye#MAGICIAN'S RED!!!! ゴゴゴゴ ^ゴゴゴゴ ^ゴゴゴゴ ^ゴゴゴゴWell I like you all! Haters gonna hate!Shake it off!Your emotions are valid.Aww shucks**Chuck Tingle approves this message...**So I'm replaying the remastered FFX that recently came out and I've also gotten very interested in the MBTI types as well. I'm an ISFJ so I feel as if I identify with the character Auron. He's the archetype for the guardian which is something I share. Does the community have any ideas on typing from those that have play the game have any typings based on main characters both good and bad? Just for fun discussion please!I'm an ISFJ male. So most places I've looked say to go for an ESTP or an ESFP. Personally, these seem to be the hardest to find/ go for since everyone seems to go to these types. So MBTI, how do you find these people? Where do you go to find them? I'm a developed ISFJ, shield at the ready! I need your advice!Nailed it.Spot on for the ISTP...atleast in theory. *"Can you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry men."**"That is mahogany!!!"*They wandered off before the fight to chase butterflies. Subterfuge for the win!Rally! Rally! As one! As one!I bet you're a Teemo main....Want a cookie? Do you need a cookie? You ok?Your neck is mine! ***MUWHAHAHAHAHA!***Anchovies, mayonnaise and ginseng.Looks like the entj has yeeted us into the stratosphere. Yay*would you like to know more....**We're blasting off again.......ding!****THIS. IS. SPARTA!!!!!!!!***You have underestimated our power!

-The Sensor Gangcue Travolta memeCarfax*"Good Luck."*He is iconic ISFP. He's just having a INFP fluidity moment.👎Also happy cake day!Ooof.Dylan has seen some dead peopleYoU dOn'T kNoW mE!!!I am sloth but instead of pie I bring bourbon. Unless the host in question is nonalcohol then pie.What is the ISFJ doing?Oh a pulley gotcha!

Edit: just saw the ISFP tag, gotta support my favorite type! Got you love!*Sad noises*In other words...*carpe the fuck out of that diem!!!***RIDE FOR WRATH! RIDE FOR RUIN, AND THE RED DAWN! FORTH JUNGIANS!!!!!***"I am in danger!"* \-an INFP probably*"All that for a tiny drop of blood..."*Is it possible to learn this power?As an ISFJ dating an ISFP can confirm.Pat pat it's ok....it'll all be over soon.Boooo not cool.Eh but they're worth it ☺FbUt MaH lAbElS!!INFP tries to act soft and sharp at once

*rage and pikachu face*Nope! nope nope nope nope.#***U N L I M I T E D P O W A A A A A A!!!!!!***Puppy goodHe must stand trial!!!That's not the Jedi way. He must live.To sniff them is my cause!YisSNIFFING IS OUR DESTINY!!!Gotta sniff em all!Podiamon!Each Podiamon to understand. The scent that's inside!Yay we were mentioned!Right?PreachAre we real or are we dancers?Beep boopNice.The whiplash is real!*"I'm in danger!"*Track 3 from "Now that's what I call bullshit!!" Vol 69Bad bot. Boo hissNice try. Fuck ya Kindly. I include the people who matter.Hello there!*would you like to know more?**There are 200,000 units ready with a million more well on the way.*Yeeee you too mate!🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒What's the ISFJ equivalent? The Freezer?NoooooopeESTP HAS 💎🙌 🚀🚀🚀🚀We 🦍like the stonk 💎🙌Ah yes...kiss a bird gently and recieve the next avian flu!Just because on INFP treated me badly does not mean all the awesome flower dreamers are bad.UwUSame view on my interactions with ENTJs.n=2Blasphemy! Guards! Seize this flower child!We should have a casserole...Our avatar needs a casserole"Just like the simulations.."**"I'm doing my part!.....would you like to know more?"**But do they love each other?#***PEACE WAS NEVER AN OPTION.***This is the way.Yes.I too wish for glowing children.Big mommy energyWould you like a cookie?Good bot.Emotion.exe failed to initiate.Notice me Senpai!ssssssshhhhhh go back to your corner.It was a battlefield.UwU4D Chess.UwUNoooooo I want to be in the edgy house!
[Quora](http://quora.com)what? D: 
why??It includes zodiac signs so f*ck that. We could do a survey where you first complete a moral sensitivity test ([This](http://www.moralsensetest.com) one for example)and then post it here on r/mbti and then we can see how it relates to cognitive funtions &lt;3me: ISFJ
mom: ISTJ
dad: INFP
little brother: too young to tell All the Tomb Raider I-V OSTs. 

When I was a child I used to watch my father play these games. Lara Croft was the hero if my childhood. I once cried after listening to the TRIV main theme. 

This maybe doesn't fit so well in the post here as there are no lyrics that can relate to the functions but it may give you an insight to what music an ISFJ is emotionally attached to :)My first choice is The Road Eternal. 

I`ve always wished to travel around the world, explore it etc. but what put me off is the uncertainity regarding safety and the basic human needs. No responsibilites, no worries, pure freedom and not bound to anything... 

I don't even mind living forever. Many people say that you outlive everyone and that it must be depressing but I see immortality as a gift. I could learn whatever I find interesting, witness how humankind and technology evolve etc. 

My second choice would be Healer because I could make the world such a beautiful place full of crops to feed everyone, forests, flowers and happiness by encouraging positive emotions like love, compassion and calmness. The only thing that makes me back off is that **there is some dude who thinks he can judge me and my life and decide whether I'm worthy of living**. And the lack of immortality and regeneration given in The Eternal Road. 

Third choice is Nakama.
I haven't really had an extremely close friend so I can't imagine what I'd be like to have one... :/

Last choices are Fisher King which is basically living in a prison and Dominion (Only duty and responsibilities blahblah). And Escape kinda lacks...depth...That's also what I've written. Only that I wouldn't mind outliving everyone. It would be sad, yes, but I'd have all the timeto explore the world, make contact with many cultures and witness all the technological advances of the future &lt;3
Man, I wish I could actually choose to live one of those lives :(And what does it say about me? 
* Because of inferior Ne I am afraid of the uncertainity that comes with travelling . 

* Healer not because it's for the greater good but rather for the "feel" the world would have. Kinda Si-ish

* Not Fisher King because I need "safe" novelty (SJs welcome change if they are sure that it will turn out good)

* Not Dominion because of the lack of personal (as opposed to "professional" or whatever) relationships. 

* Hunter because of the adventure but also

* Not Hunter because of the possibility that I might die

* Not Escape because of lack of depth in relationships and communication (non-lucid dreamers and "flat" dream characters)

**sorry for crappy english!!**
I just asked out of being curious?? Or maybe you were using sarcasm since you didn't get me since English is my second language (I went to school for international students). Anyway sorry to offend you but I think being hostile with new people in a subject is rude and you should be more polite in talking with people :(Like someone else said maybe you are curious about the other side. I think we should all be the best version of our self, and don't let other people try to devalue it. Both thinkers and feelers are good in their own ways!!I noticed something strange. Keirsey described ideal type parings in his book which is basically your type and the opposite minus the s/n part (like ISTJ and ESFP, ENFJ and INTP, etc). 
Now here's the weird part. When people are talking about types online, a lot of them disagree with Keirsey's pairs and pick something else. The INTJ and ENFP match often gets disagreed with, as an example. But I saw this thread with INFP and ENTJ disagreement, and elsewhere on the web I saw some INFPs say they liked the ENFJs while ENTJs liked INTPs.

This is the thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/4tzj80/opinions_on_infps/

Ok here's what I don't get. INFP and ENTJ share two functions (Te and Fi) but then when some INFP like ENFJs more, or ENTJ's say they like INTPs more, it's weird because they share no functions (INTP = TiNeSiFe, ENFJ=FeNiSeTi, both totally different from INFP and ENTJ).

Can anyone explain this? Sorry for the ramble! I just got into this whole thing, but was confused by this, since I thought functions mattered more than the letters?
https://imgur.com/a/YJvUn

There ya go!Si and Ne functions are right. Rest isn't :)Close but not quite ;)ISFJ: It doesn't matter if I feel like utter shit, as long as everyone else is happy.Personally I don't like chilling. I always feel that I'm not doing work that needs to be done and would rather organise and plan things to do instead.
Sensor: Because I get sick less often when I do so regularly and it motivates me to also eat healthy foods.ISFJ and ISTJ: Constant hand-raisers with clarifying questions over small details.Most ESFJs wouldn't be interested in reading about MBTI stuff in a forum. 

They would like to discuss it in groups and figure out the type preferences of their families and friends. 

Example: My ESFJ brother has a spreadsheet he created that he excitedly fills in when he meets someone new and they know about type/are willing to discuss and figure out type.May I ask if you took the official MBTI instrument and/or free tests given online?

Online tests are not as thorough or accurate when determining type preferences. If you have not taken the official instrument, then I agree with the other comment in that you should research each dichotomy: E/I, S/N, T/F, J/P to see what you identify with. Then take that information and read about a four-letter combination you come up with.Hi again!

Extraverted doesn't necessarily mean outgoing. And if you are describing yourself as cynical, this might make it tough to identify with any type. Additionally, depression can take you out of your preferred mindset and analyze your functions differently than when you are not feeling depressed.

Just food for thought.When I am walking people through each dichotomy, it goes a little something like this.

"E is for Extraversion"

(explain Extraversion)

"I is for Introversion" 

(explain Introversion)

"S is for  Sensing"

(explain Sensing)

"N is for iNtuition, because 'I' was already taken for Introversion."

(NOT surprisingly, most Ns do not question this, it is the literal Ss that do, haha.)Best explanation I have heard between F and T (straight from an MBTI text book):

Fs believe everyone should be treated fairly: Everyone should be treated as individuals.

Ts believe everyone should be treated fairly: Everyone should be treated as equals.

It's not about which ONE you do -- everyone has access to using ALL the 8 letters. It's about which one occurs to you first and is a stronger preference.

When looking at a situation, do you FIRST consider the facts and logical consequences, or do you FIRST consider how this affects the other people involved in the situation?

(Source: Self, and textbooks -- MBTI Certified Practitioner)SO: ISTP

Close Friends: ESFJ, INFP, INTJ

Not-So-Fond-Of Individuals: ISFJ (yes, same as me) and INTPI did years of studying and reading without taking the official MBTI instrument, so I totally get that it is possible to learn about type preferences without it.

HOWEVER, once I took it (and got my certification and all the official text books) those resources allowed me to learn MUCH more about the theory.

How important do you find the official material to be versus (other material you have learned from)?••••

An ESFP friend of mine once said:
“I hate going to sleep because I have to wait until the next morning to talk to people again.”

••••

And I once asked another ESFP friend of mine: “Do you find you’re enthusiastic about a lot of things?”

He put on a large, innocent smile, and responded: “What’s not to be enthusiastic about?!!”

••••

Personally, as someone with ISFJ preferences, I do feel I get along with individuals with ESFP preferences pretty easily. I like how kind and funny they often are, and how good they tend to be at storytelling. And their observations about people and life tend to be refreshingly optimistic.
 
But I don’t get to the level of best-friendship with them. We’ll hang out and converse well in a group of friends, but not pursue one-on-one activities.

••••

ye ok i'll upvote thisironically the 16personalities test has been the most accurate in my experience
I looked at the profile a second time, and upon closer inspection it does seem to fit her pretty well. Thank you very much! :)Texting for sure. It gives me time to figure out a response and articulate my words more clearly. It also lets me have the ability to ignore people or step away any time I want to. With that being said, I enjoy conversations in person. As the stars light the sky and the warm summer air

Gently caresses my long messy hair

I lay on the roof and I think about you

And I try hard to stop, no, I don't want to

Fantasize about all the things that could be

Possibly different between you and me

Because the past is the past and although the mistake

Was completely not mine, but yours to make

It was still a choice to do what you did

But I loved you so much, so the hurt I hid

And I cried in the silence, not with you by my side

As I watched the sun leave the evening sky

I now see the stars, months after you left me

But I'll be okay, I promise, I will be.
Yes. I love someone who will push me out of my comfort zone and want me to try the more fun side of things, but I also want them to have a practical, logical side as well. I overanalyze/overthink nearly everything. I have a hard time letting people go. I seek validation from everyone. I'm too closed off and not very trusting. I sometimes expect more from people than I should reasonably expect. 

ISFJNo this is meatNo, it just made me very uncomfortable. Obviously he is upset, and obviously she isn't doing anything besides escalating the situation. Hello! I'm sorry for another well loved "pls type lol" post, but I've looked around at the other types descriptions and am still having trouble figuring this one out. My friend has taken the test multiple times before, but she said the middle two letters often fluctuate. She is almost definitely an IXXJ however, because those have remained consistent. Here are some things about her that may help?

-she is heavily involved with a lot of social things, but is 100% an introvert and needs time alone to recharge. That's one of the things we like about each other, that we don't feel like we have to put on a bubbly and friendly persona when it's just the two of us.
-she is a very good student at the top of our class
-she is very open to hearing new ideas, and from what I can tell she does seriously think about them but at the end of the day, she has a strong moral compass that she sticks to which determines her ultimate opinion on the issue/topic. 
-in an argument or debate, she takes into account both feelings and logic, and usually finds a very good way to present the truth in an understandable yet non-hostile way.
-she is self described as "not very emotionally supportive." When I'm sad or feeling down, she doesn't really offer me lots of sympathy and has told me she just doesn't really know what to say to make me feel better, although she does her best and when all else fails sends me funny memes or encouraging quotes.
-If someone hurts me, however, she would be the first person to watch out for. She has very much of a "they suck you're awesome forget them they suck" response. She once threatened to burn down someone's house in a video game because that person had badly hurt me irl.
-she's a cat person through and through
-she's not as interested in the theoretical as the concrete, although she does entertain theoretical ideas. Ultimately, I think she looks for the truth though. 
-she's awesome and legitimately the best friend I could have. 

If you need more, let me know. 

Thanks!Inspired by the "what types stereotypically should major in" thread. 

Very curious because I am an ISFJ and I'm majoring in Architecture. :)
Nah, I'm definitely either Lawful Good or Neutral Good, so doesn't really work for me - but interesting nonetheless. Yeah, I wouldn't waste time with the descriptions if I were you. You sound a *lot* like me, although I do take things personally if I don't double-check my head is screwed on straight. The INFP profile is so off the mark for me personally that I just laugh whenever I read it. 

Understanding the functions isn't too difficult if you can set aside an hour to read properly, and I'd strongly recommend you do that. Going on tests and type profiles is a pretty superficial way of figuring out your type - functions (and their stacking) are really the way to go. I may be off in my understanding of Si here, but for me it's the following:

* Very strong emotional associations with things, based on past experiences.
* Every new experience is categorised and linked in accordance with past experiences. I tend to ruminate and reflect on the past and how it can inform the future. 
* I'm extremely wary of new things and on the rather cautious side on the whole. I don't take risks and never rush to seek out new experiences. It's not that I'm particularly averse to trying out a new restaurant - it's just that it doesn't hold any interest for me, as I'm perfectly happy with my favoured dish at the restaurant I currently go to. 
* When asked to do something new, my first instinct is to ask how it's been done before / what's already been tried and then base my own ideas off that, after trouble-shooting for where the problems are. I might also look at similar things that have already been done and see what I can learn and apply from those. 
* I'm very much a creature of habit. I like to eat the same foods, do the same things, go to the same places via the same routes, and generally have my day follow a set pattern. 
* I love rituals, mythologies, and patterns - the intangible and meaningful behind repetitions of the mundane. 
* This might not be Si specifically... but an interest in history and the past in general, as well as a love for memoirs / biographies / histories. I'm eternally fascinated by the daily lives of people from centuries and millennia ago. I like old places - my childhood home is more than 400yrs old, and my current home (approx. 100yrs old) feels a bit too new for my liking. I grew up in one of the oldest populated areas of England (been around since Anglo-Saxon times), with architecture to match, so everywhere else feels incredibly young in comparison! My favourite places are often pre-14th C. churches and heritage sites. 

**Edit:** I should also add that I constantly feel a tension between Si and Ne - it's like Si feeds Ne, but then Ne puts a strain on Si. I get very unsettled and twitchy as a result. For example, I might get the urge to change around the furniture in a room because I can see all the possibilities for how it could be improved - but upon changing it around, I get anxious and uncomfortable because it's no longer familiar and 'right'. I'm always finding new ways of doing things, such as new ways of organising my planner or to-do list, but I can never find something I like long enough to stick with and feel comfortable with. 

I also struggle to stay tidy because I'm so ingrained in my habit of putting things in certain places, and that just becomes where they belong and feel 'right' to me. It's a cliched excuse, but my mess genuinely is organised mess - I know precisely where anything is at any one time, and it's an extremely rare occurrence for me to lose anything. When I do lose something, it's usually because I or another person has tried to tidy. Everything is meticulously organised and clean, but it looks very messy to anybody else because I genuinely cannot see it as mess - to me, it's just how the room/space is and tidying up would make it feel wrong.&gt; And even when you settle on a type, you feel like you have to act it out to fit some kind of mould to feel good/ be compatible with society or whatever.

Oh god, yes, this exactly! I noticed this the most when I thought I might be an INFP, ENFJ, and an ISTJ - I would constantly be observing my own behaviours and thought patterns and be like, "Was that [function]? That can't be right, that doesn't fit my type." I would then self-consciously start trying to act in a way that fit my type more, over-analysing it in an attempt to fit into society more comfortably. 

Some of it probably comes from the message to 'just be yourself' - rather difficult when you don't feel like you actually know who you are in the first place! So then when you get the promise of MBTI telling you who you are, you feel the pressure to then act in the way your type supposedly does, because you figure that must be what it means to 'just be yourself'.I'm chuckling to myself because Martin was pretty much saying exactly what I would have said in both situations. (Not watched the show, but based on the linked scenes alone I wouldn't be surprised if he was an ISFJ like you say.)1. **What is your MBTI type?** ISFJ
2. **What is your gender?** Male
3. **What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?)** Anybody who gets shit done *and* is kind to others - doesn't boil down to a type. (I also have a huge amount of appreciation for people who respect the rules and don't think they're above them or that they can rewrite them - if they then act like *they* know what is right for everybody else, my hackles will start to rise.) 
4. **What type(s) do you Love/adore?** I'm very fond of ENFJs (my best friend is one) but I have a lot of good friends who are supposedly INTJs.
5. **What type(s) are the most dateable?** ENFJs and ISTJs
6. **What type(s) would you be willing/want to marry?** It seems a bit silly to say I'd be most willing to marry somebody based on their type. 
7. **What type(s) make wonderful friends?** Any type with either Fe or Si.
8. **What type(s) make you LAUGH?** Um. Not many? I don't really laugh all that much, to be fair, so I'm more likely to be annoyed by goofiness. Somebody doing stupid shit for the adrenaline buzz or the laughs will just worry me. A sharp wit, on the other hand, will amuse me - my housemate is possibly an INTJ and she cracks me up. 
9. **What type(s) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with?** IxxP and ESxP types, but not always. Overwhelmingly strong Se and Fi can frustrate me to no end, as well as people who think they're more logical than everybody else - especially as they tend to not be... However, I do try to get on with people even when I dislike them, because it's really just a waste of time to pick petty fights and make everybody else feel uncomfortable. 
10. **What type(s) can you not stand/dislike/respect?** No type in particular as that isn't something that's type-based. Executive! 

You are **Reflective**: You dislike jumping to conclusions quickly. You’re adept at reflecting on your own thoughts. When it looks like your intuitions might be leading you astray, you don’t have a problem overriding them — instead, you take the time to re-evaluate the situation and figure out the wisest course of action.

You are **Subjective**: People and stories interest you more than facts and figures do; you focus on the essence of ideas over the details. Your mind is more qualitative than quantitative. This trait lets you focus on the big picture over the nitty-gritty.

You are **Prepared**: You tend to think clearly and comprehensively about the future. This makes you an excellent planner; you’re usually well prepared when you begin a new project, and you’re rarely caught by surprise.

You are **Skeptical**: You treat new information and ideas with caution and skepticism. Spurious arguments rarely fool or confuse you, and your beliefs are based on foundations of hard logic. You possess a fine-tuned BS detector.

It sounds pretty accurate to me, but I agree with others here in that it doesn't correlate that closely to MBTI. For starters, it asks a lot of questions which involve mathematical reasoning, which has no connection to MBTI, and it fails to ask any questions about social intelligence, interpersonal interaction, or self-awareness. 

I'd argue that it *could* be seen as a more nuanced subset of T-functions, but I think a lot of it will depend on how you've been taught. I'd put my entire result down to my education, upbringing, and career path, rather than to any aspect of personality.Long post ahead, sorry! I hope it might be helpful to somebody else, though, and save them the years of uncertainty I had. 

Disclaimer: I may not count as 'certain' because I only really settled on my type last week, but I'll answer nonetheless because I do think I've cracked it this time. It's taken literally years of observation, analysing my own behaviour, and reading up on it all, but I'm somewhat certain ISFJ is accurate. 

Sidenote: ironically, I had actually completely dismissed ISFJ many years ago when I read a description saying ISFJs were very traditional in gender roles, great at buying presents and remembering important dates (birthdays, anniversaries, etc), and were very passive in nature. So, word to the wise: if you're stuck on figuring out your type, make sure to consider types you had previously dismissed! Descriptions are frequently superficial and inaccurate. 

### The Starting Point: Weaknesses and Negative Traits

The trick, imo, is to look at your *weaknesses*. Everybody has some level of confirmation bias when they consider positive traits - we can find evidence for displaying pretty much any kind of behaviour we consider desirable, especially as we may try to mimic that behaviour anyway. 

Negative traits, on the other hand? Well, nobody tries to copy negative traits, and they're often something we struggle to shake. So, I looked at the parts of me I feel embarrassed about, the bits people criticise me for. I then tried to ascertain how they might correlate to functions, and to functions in which order (and how enneagram and life experiences may well play a part in it). 

* Controlling / bossy - Te or Si.
* Anxious and wary - Inferior Ne or strong Si. 
* Talkative, especially when I need to process feelings - Fe or Ne. 
* Overly sensitive and empathetic - Fe. 
* Boring stick-in-the-mud - Si, lol. 
* Stubborn and resistant to change - Si or Fi
* Smothering, always wanting to get up in other people's feelings and feeling hurt when they don't want to open up - Fe, probably.
* Desperately wanting people to like me - Feeeeee. 
* Analytical, perfectionistic, critical - Ti, possibly Te

### Sneaky Functions Disguised as Other Functions

The second thing I did, to narrow it down where I wasn't certain, was to consider what functions in combination might *look* like another function. For example, could Si+Fe look like the stubborn and values-driven Fi at times? Could Si+Ti look like the organisational side and efficiency-driven aspect of Te? (Just throwing out possibilities, here.) All I had to be certain about was Si and Ne, so it was the F/T functions I needed to identify. 

### Nurture, Education, and Environmental Factors

I also took into account nurture and environmental factors. I was very disorganised as a child - I hated planners and time management, although I deeply adored routines and schedules. I see Si there, but not much natural Te. My father, on the other hand, taught me how to use planners and the logical advantages of time management - he showed me how preparing for the future makes the future more predictable and 'safe' - so I slowly became very fond of planning, lists, and the like. I learned to display Te-like behaviour, but it was rooted in Si-Ti-Ne. 

(I then spent a lot of time analysing my childhood behaviour and my developments in personality right up until the current day, which I'm not going to go into here because I'm sure it would be quite tedious for everybody else.) 

Education TL;DR - top set in a high-intensity, high-achieving grammar school --&gt; strong analytical abilities, interest in research and learning, organisational abilities so I didn't die from the pressure and workload. 

### Impression-gathering from the message boards

All of this still left a depressingly large amount of room for ambiguity, so I took to reading through message boards and subreddits to see how ISTJs, INFPs, and ISFJs communicated - what are the threads about? how do they express themselves? how do they respond to others? The "you know you're an XXXX when..." threads are less than perfect as I'm sure some people are mistyped, unhealthy, or are simply listing behaviour that is not type-specific, but if you read through enough of them you start to get an overall picture of what that type might be like in a more abstract sense. 

At this point, I started to get a gut feeling of 'hmm, this feels familiar and home-y' with the ISFJs. ISTJs made me feel relaxed and comfortable, but it didn't feel as innately familiar as the ISFJs. INFPs, on the other hand, made me feel stressed, anxious, and irritated, and whilst there were flashes of 'oh hey this is like me', it was mostly a case of me privately thinking about how alien it was that people could so very much live in their own little world. (No offence *at all* intended to INFPs! You guys are lovely.) 

Feeling 'comfortable' wasn't enough reason, really, to say conclusively that I am an ISFJ. Sure, I've made my final decisions about things in the past based on something feeling 'right', 'comfortable', or 'familiar' - most of my big decisions are eventually made on that basis, despite my thorough research - but obviously some personality types may simply be more comfortable to be around without being *your* type. 


### Professional Life - Strengths &amp; Weaknesses 

So I started considering what other people remark on about me - about the positives people compliment me on, about the strengths I get hired for jobs based on and what I get praised on whilst doing said jobs. Restricting my retrospection to this past year, as I've taken on many jobs, I came up with the following:

* people-skills - like, literally all four of my jobs in the past year I've gotten through people-skills (my bosses have said as much)
* practical, 'get things done' approach - "what needs to be done, right now?" 
* reasoning skills and ability to self-teach and figure things out as I go
* ability to think outside the box without haring off beyond the horizon of what is reasonable - i.e. I look at what's already there and then make any necessary tweaks to make them work a bit better, or use experience in another job to problem-solve the current one

I then decided to loop back around to where I started (looking at negative traits). Where are the professional weaknesses that I've noticed in the past year? 

* not so great on the sweeping, big-picture, inspiring vision - I was criticised for not being a campaigner or a visionary leader
* more of a deputy than a leader
* tendency to drop into a nannying, care-taking role without even realising it and without the other person necessarily wanting it - my boss casually pointed out that I even did it to her when I reminded her to eat, to go to her meetings, etc. (this was an amused comment, not an annoyed one, and I hadn't even realised I'd been doing it - but other people have been irked by this behaviour in the past)  

After putting together these lists, I considered how they might translate to functions. Functions don't always equal behaviours, but most behaviours can be traced back to possible functions.

### A Tangent: Fictional Characters

This might be silly to some people, and it has the same inherent flaws as the 'which group feels more comfortable to be around', but it was interesting to consider which fictional characters I most identified with. I had a look through a multitude of typings - funkymbtifiction on tumblr seems the most comprehensive and they seem to have a rather good grasp of functions and typology - and lo and behold, there was a definite pattern to the characters I most identified with. 

It is important to distinguish between characters you *like* and characters you *identify* with and recognise yourself in. If you like everything about a character, they probably aren't your type - it's the characters whose weaknesses make you feel a bit embarrassed *yourself* and whose strengths and responses seem perfectly natural to you that are the ones to look at. 

### Drawing It All Together

At this point, I admit I did go back to the gut feeling approach and asked myself, "Which group feels like I could be talking to myself? Does the evidence, so far, support the conclusion that I might be that type?" 

Answers: ISFJ, and yes, it looks like it might be that way. 

Obviously no person is going to be the walking embodiment of a type. Some people are harder to type than others, predominantly down to how much they may have had to modify their natural behaviour and the people they've been surrounded by. Trauma will most likely have had an impact, too, although how that impact manifests may well vary. 

### Huge TL;DR

1. Look at your negative behaviours and traits. 
2. Consider functions masquerading as other functions.
3. Take into account formative factors, e.g. education and family.
4. Read a LOT of message boards, forums, and subreddits to get an idea of what said types 'feel' like. 
5. Evaluate professional strengths and weaknesses.
6. *Possibly* consider fictional characters, but be wary of the 'cool-ness' and favourites trap. 
7. Use your common sense, and recognise that there is no such thing as the 'perfect' fit, only the most sensible and comfortable one. Do you mean surgeons? Cannot upvote this enough. 

(Also, having women as friends is awesome. Like, anybody who complains about that baffles me because *why would you complain about having friends*?) &gt; In my experience, xSFJ men tend to be genuinely nice guys. Like fatherly figures.

ISFJ guy here, definitely get told this a lot. I have a habit of accidentally parenting other people and/or taking on a 'protective older brother' role. Sometimes people like it because they say I make them feel secure, sometimes people hate it because they find it overbearing or I stop them from doing fun but stupid/dangerous things. It's not something I can really turn off, though, because it's how I relate to people as a default, regardless of age/gender/whatever.&gt; And judging by the way you say people don't generally ask you for advice - I think this is contrary to the experience of a lot of INFJs. Strangers literally come up to me on the street to ask me for directions or advice on restaurants or just to make conversation. I always find this uncomfortable but show an amiable, helpful exterior. And as far as friends and family go, I'm the person people talk to about their problems. I also find this to rewarding yet draining. Also, when I'm lost in thought, I zone out completely. You might have to physically jostle me to get me out of it. I am very unaware of my surroundings.

To be fair, I'm an ISFJ and this is 100% me as well - although I have to feel like I'm in a safe space to be comfortable enough to zone out that much. I'm not sure the 'others asking for advice' bit is INFJ-specific, so much as maybe IxFJ? I guess we give off a calm, approachable, and helpful vibe or something. I'm very comfortable being approached and love helping, though, so maybe that's where we differ.You don't sound like an ISFJ to me, so much as an unhealthy INFJ - mostly because I can't see any Si but can see traces of (inferior) Se. Si is so natural and overwhelming for me that for a long time I thought it was either just how all people were or that it was actually Ni (mistyped for *years* as an INFJ). 

Just for future ref: maybe try to avoid the block of text, next time? If you could break it up into smaller paragraphs, use headers or bullet points or something, it would be easier for other people to identify the essential information. If this wasn't a topic so close to my own experience, I would probably have seen the wall of text and backspaced...!Resting nice face! I like it. Hi, nice to meet you. :) I'm only part-way through at the moment but this is brilliant - good job!Only one quibble: some questions are extremely skewed towards a US audience, making it difficult to know how to answer. The political ones I ended up answering in relation to the UK, because I don't really know enough about US politics to comment accurately, and some of the pop culture and sports ones have me staring blankly at the screen.Depends on health, I guess, although I reckon there is probably something to type compatibility.

I've dated two INFP girls (both of whom thought they were INFJs but I remain to be convinced), an ISFP non-binary person (very difficult relationship, really didn't work at all), and struggled with all three relationships as our communication styles and attitudes to relationships/life didn't really mesh at all, even though we superficially had a lot in common.

When it comes to non-romantic relationships, I've got a little more variety to draw from. 

* INTJ - my younger sister. We get on like a house on fire, although I imagine a lot of our closeness is that we've grown up together and have similar values and opinions. 
* IxTx - my housemate, although I really don't know which (she says INTJ but I see zero Ni). We also get on fantastically, but she definitely has a tendency to get hurtful and unrelenting with her teasing. I spend a lot of time initially feeling wounded, then sucking it up and realising she means it affectionately even when it stings. 
* ISFJ - my mum. Curiously, we clashed a lot when I was growing up, but we get on really well now that we're on a much more even footing.
* IxTx - my dad. We get on really well, but it's nigh-on impossible to get inside his head so it's hard to have intimate conversations. We can sometimes be a bit stilted when we chat because of it but we do get on well. 
* ISFP - ex-housemate, I believe. We got on alright when we were friends who only saw each other every so often, but as soon as we lived together we were clashing all over the place and it ended pretty nastily. 
* ENFJ - my best friend and soulmate. We definitely need excellent communication in order to understand each other - there's a lot of explaining where we're coming from due to different perspectives - but we respect each other's preferences and temper each other well. 
* ESFP - uni friend of mine. I'm very fond of her but my god are we insanely different! She's very fun and engaging to talk to, but arranging a meet-up requires a lot of patience - and a completely clear schedule, as it's normal for her to turn up 2-3hrs *after* the agreed time. 

I'd say my preference is for the IxTx types because, in my experience, we get on really well, but I have no idea if there's any type-/function-based reasoning behind it. Okay, I started by writing detailed responses to each of your points explaining why they weren't necessarily signs of Si/signs of *not* Si, but then I realised it was getting very repetitive. Si and Fi are not necessarily what you seem to think they are! 

Instead, I'd recommend you have a look at [this](http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/cognitivefunctions) and read through how each cognitive function might operate in each position. As always with MBTI things: take with a hefty pinch of salt. It is quite possible to have well-developed tert/inf functions (I know I do). 

From what you've said, I wouldn't say you're an ISFJ at all: I see weak Si and no Fe. I'd lean towards **INFP**, actually, but then I've never understood ISFPs enough to be able to accurately say if somebody is one. I see Fi, Ne, (weak) Si, and (weak) Te: INFP, imo. Go check out the INFP subreddits and forums and see if it chimes. These are the two main points that suggest possible Ne to me:

&gt; Would NEVER describe myself as someone that is afraid of change. I like new experiences (especially trying different foods). Nor do I think anyone would describe me as a stubborn person that is set in their ways and unwilling to try things in a different way. And people that are like this annoy me.

&gt; I am not a very dedicated person and I rarely see tasks/creations to their completion because I lose inspiration/get bored (unless there's some sort of deadline or its rly rly important)

However I may well be totally wrong, of course! I'd recommend you read the link and dig around a bit to see what resonates. 

A few more suggestions:

* Imagine you're experiencing something new - say, visiting a park for the first time. How do you respond to it? 
* Have a look at the characters listed on funkymbtifiction - their typing is typically quite good even when I don't 100% agree. Which characters do you just 'get'? How have they been typed? 
* Definitely try hanging out on various different subreddits and the main mbti subreddit to get a feel of what the different types are loosely like. It's hard to describe, but I had a bit of a lightbulb moment when I started reading through ISFJ posts. It was like, "Shit, yeah, this is me, these people are like me in some indescribable way." (This may or may not happen for you, idk, sorry!) For contrast with how I understand my (ISFJ) functions, so you can see if they resonate with you, I'll do a quick run-down:

1. **Si** - Everything I've ever experienced, thought about, or learned is all connected in this carefully organised and well-linked mental web. It's like a 3D database of information which colours everything I see and experience - I'm *constantly* comparing new things to those which I already know, even without being entirely aware of it. I'm a homebird and desperately cling to the security of routine, habit, and tradition; I like my days to follow the same, carefully-ordered pattern, and it completely throws me off when I have to change my routine. I actively derive pleasure from repetition and structure. I love mythology, theology, and history; there's something so riveting about being connected to people in the past by being part of something so much bigger than any of us. My loyalty to my friends and family is one of the core parts of who I am, and, similarly, I am deathlessly loyal to any group I belong to. 

2. **Fe** - Whenever I walk into a room, one of the first things I do is to clock the emotions (body language, facial expressions, tone of voice) of everybody in the room. If somebody's upset, I will feel it like a knife through my torso and I will (selfishly) seek desperately to ease their pain. I absolutely hate it when people can't step back and try to empathise with others, see things from their perspective and understand the emotions behind what they're doing. I like to make other people happy, and spend a lot of time playing counsellor to others. I get told that I'm warm,  friendly, and charismatic, and apparently I act like a dad/older brother to everybody. 

3. **Ti** - Uhh, this one is a bit hard to explain. For me, it manifests in a love of researching - I research everything and anything. I love chasing down rabbit warrens of thinking, learning about a subject in great detail. One of my favourite things is analysis - I love writing literature essays because I can get deeply analytical. I like to know how things work and what makes things (and people!) tick. Ti usually makes me quite sensible and reasonable - or so I like to think! 

4. **Ne** - I have reasonably developed Ne, but it frequently manifests as anxiety and worry. I worry a *lot*, because I can constantly think of the multitude of things that can go wrong. I rarely take risks because of this. I cope with it by researching/planning the hell out of whatever is stressing me out, or remembering all the times where the worst case scenario *hasn't* come to pass. Ne makes me pretty good at brainstorming - mind maps are one of my favourite ways to work - and the Si+Ti tend to make my ideas more reasonable and pragmatic than if Ne were in a more prominent position. 

If this sounds like you, you may be an ISFJ. If not...well, you *could* still be an ISFJ, but I'm more dubious. No problem, I really hope that it helps! Trying to figure out your type can be rather stressful and (ime) cause a minor identity crisis, ha, so I know how useful talking to others in-depth can be. All the best! I'm curious, what makes you say she was an FJ? INTP, without a doubt. ISFJ here. I enjoy and am fairly good at chess - I was in the chess club in primary school and can still whoop most people's asses when it comes to it these days.Me: ISFJ

Mum: ISFJ? 

Dad: ISTJ or INTJ

Lil sis: INTJ 

I believe my mum is an ISFJ too, but I'm not 100% certain because we used to clash a *lot* when I was younger, which makes me question if we could be the same personality type. The functions seem correct, though, and I can't see any other type she could be. We also get on like a house on fire these days - whenever I visit my family, my mum and I basically never stop talking.

My dad is probably either an ISTJ or an INTJ. He's exceptionally loyal and dedicated, good with his hands and designing/building things, very introverted and reserved, very organised and has an impressive 'get things done' attitude. He's usually withdrawn and in a little world of his own, though, except for when he relaxes and gets very silly and goofs about with us. I would say ISTJ except for how similar he is to my sister (see below). I get frustrated that he's really not one to open up and share - it's a very silent, 'let's do things together but not talk' father-son relationship.

Sister is probably an INTJ, and she agrees - pretty much textbook. We're very close and always have been, although it takes a fair bit of prodding to get her to open up.

As a family unit, we work very well. My sister and my mum bicker from time to time (as do most mums and their teenage daughters), but as a general rule we're a very quiet, thoughtful, loyal, efficient, and close family. The only problems occur due to us all being stubborn as hell, although we're all very polite even on the rare occasion that we argue.ISFJ and 30/36. There were quite a few where I was hmm-ing or torn between two. Body language would have cleared up any confusion, as I tend to pick up emotions more from body language than facial expressions. Follow-up question, sorry, but what's with the 'biological gender' question? It might be worth simply listing it as gender, then, and going with 'male / female / other'. Biological sex is a bit of a hairy subject, after all, and very few trans people are happy to list the sex they were born as rather than what they are today. I hope it was helpful! Little things like that can often get you more responses, too. :)It wasn't *extremely* unsuitable, but I found the first year of university (UK) really distressing. It was too chaotic, too lively, too filled with people being loud and unruly, there was too much partying/drinking/drugs/sex going on, and students aren't known for their discipline or cleanliness... I felt very out of place and stressed the entire time because of it. 

I now have my own place, which I can keep clean and organised, and I have my quiet space. I've realised that spending as much time away from the university environment as possible helps a lot, too; I've found several different niches (jobs, hobbies, etc) where things are much more organised, routine, structured, and reserved - all of which make me feel much more stable and happy. I also have a garden and pets, which further helps to keep me on an even and satisfied keel. 

Even if the environment you're initially in feels unsuitable, you'll definitely be able to find subgroups of people who are more like you. There are people of all personalities everywhere, regardless of the dominant culture. :) Duuuuuude yes, this. I spent so long insisting I couldn't be a sensor, I *had* to be an intuitive because I'm smart, excellent at analysis, literature, and philosophy, and interested in deeper things than the superficial. Si is definitely not talked about enough - I reckon a lot of Si-users are mistyped as using Ni, actually. I don't get tired of it so much as feel like sensing functions aren't discussed enough. I thought I was an INFJ for *years* because I didn't understand the similarities and differences between Si and Ni. I strongly believe that a lot of people who consider themselves to be intuitives are actually sensors, ha. I'm not sure you could easily differentiate by behaviour, to be honest. Fe and Ti are the two most apparent in both types, imo, and Si and Ni can easily look like each other. 

The inferior functions are possibly better to consider, and could probably be pried out of somebody with some careful observation and questions. 

My experience of inf-Ne is that it manifests as both an ability to easily think of a dozen different ideas at once *but* also a genuine anxiety around them all; the prospect of so many possibilities is deeply terrifying and destabilising, so I'm perpetually planning for and worrying about countless 'what ifs'. New events and experiences are usually a horrible and stressful experience, not an exciting one. Contrastingly, I'm also always drawn towards scrapping everything and starting from scratch, and when I'm feeling happy and relaxed I like to entertain lots of different possibilities. The Si-Ne tension feels like it is impossible to live in the present moment: I'm perpetually torn between the past and the future, with Ti whirring away in the background trying to make sense of it all. 

What I've heard/seen about inf-Se is that they may be interested in new sensory experiences, may be clumsy or unobservant, may sometimes be impulsive, may occasionally over-indulge in something or contrastingly forget to eat/sleep/shower/etc. Idk any more than that, I'm afraid, but I'd say that it's a relatively strong contrast with inf-Ne that you may be able to spot it. Thank you!!! I get very, *very* tired of people saying that Ni (in particular) is about 'patterns' - seriously, do they think that non-Ni users are incapable of seeing and working with patterns, however abstract? Anyone with Si or Ti, I'd reckon. I didn't want to say as much in case it seemed arrogant, but yeah, I'd say so too. Si+Ti means my brain is basically patterns and connections *galore*, ha. I think you're being downvoted because your comment is unrelated to the post. :) Try reading through the provided links in the sidebar - everything you need to know is included in there.

A quick reply to your actual comment: your breakdown is completely unrelated to cognitive functions and you should really just ignore it. Don't bother with tests at all, actually; read up on the functions (and how they act in each position) and then decide what seems the most accurate to how you think. ISFJ 6w5

Hufflepuff (but have also been sorted Gryffindor and Ravenclaw on other accounts)

Wampus (but not certain about it)

Poplar, phoenix feather, 10", supple

Chow dog (but also got Nightjar and White Swan) 

I'm not fussed about the Ilvermorny houses at all as there's not enough info about them for me to particularly care. I love my wand and my chow chow patronus - I was pretty insulted by getting Two Birds From Hell as my other patronuses, but a chow chow is (as my housemate commented) pretty much me in dog form.
Awww, thank you for such a comprehensive answer! This is exactly the sort of thing I love to read and hear about, so thank you for sharing!Awwww, don't feel bad about being in Slytherin :( I have a great many close friends in Slytherin, including my dad and sister - imo Slytherins make the best friends. What is it about being in Slytherin that bothers you? ESFJs may just be less interested in subreddits about MBTI, but I also reckon there are a hell of a lot of sensors mistyped as intuitives.Nakama, without a doubt. Fisher King would be my second choice. Eh, I would disagree. I'm suspicious as fuck, and I know plenty of other Fe users - even some people I suspect to be Fe doms - who are also suspicious and quick to pick up on it when somebody is trying to pull a fast one. I think there's a distinct difference between seeing the good in people and *trusting* them, though. Being able to see the good doesn't mean you believe that the good will come through - it just means you can see that they're not evil, and that in the right environment and with the right encouragement they could *become* something better. I can see the good in pretty much anybody, but there are only a tiny handful of people in this world whom I actually trust. Even then, it's not so much about seeing good in them as knowing from past experience that they were trustworthy. My internal monologue is exactly that: an internal monologue. It could be written out, word-for-word, into a journal or even inserted into a play as a dramatic monologue. When I speak, it is absolutely no different to how my thoughts work inside my head - it's why I tend to speak so fast and so much, and often 'think out loud' or ramble. 

The only time it changes is when I'm reading something - that's when my brain sort of splits into three, as I'm partially reading it aloud inside my head, partially just immediately understanding it, and partially having non-articulated thoughts on what I'm reading. 

All of it is also very visual, as I'm simultaneously seeing images inside my head *and* seeing what's actually around me. Sometimes inside my head it's like a mental web, mindmap, database, or wiki; sometimes it's more like a film playing out. (X-posted from /r/infp as suggested, with some added content for explanation.) 

I've taken several different cognitive function tests and they're not really helping me figure out what type I am. The normal MBTI tests typically type me as INFJ, occasionally INFP (although interestingly I've been typed as ISTJ, INTJ and ENFJ in the past, too), but it's the functions which are confusing me to no end. 

I've taken several functions tests and the results have been almost useless/nonsensical as there's little distinction between the functions, and when I read descriptions of the functions I typically go, 'Well, yeah, I do all of that at different times.' 

It seems to be that I use Ne/Ni equally, Fi/Fe equally, and similar (but not exactly the same) levels of Ti/Te, with Te only slightly beating out Ti on some things. The only function I'm anywhere near certain of is Si over Se, but even then I have my reservations. I don't know what's 'natural' to me and what I've been taught to do or trained myself to do over the years. 

In an attempt to clarify, I looked at how the functions behave in different positions, and based on that:

- Dom. Fi, Ni
- Aux. Ne, Fe
- Tert. Si, Ti
- Inf. Te, Se 

Which, unhelpfully, translates to INFP or INFJ, I believe, and doesn't help my confusion much at all. 

Any advice on narrowing it down and figuring it out? I'm wondering if I might be an INFP who's learned to behave in a less-than-INFP way, but I may also actually be an INFJ or even a completely different type.

(My enneagram is certainly 1w2 and my tritype 125, if that's any help. I'm also a 20yo male.)I've bounced around between INFJ, INFP, ENFJ, and ISTJ for the past few years, but have very recently realised I'm probably actually an ISFJ. How many different personality types have you bounced between, and when did you 'know' what your type actually is?

Follow-up question: did your MBTI type or your Enneagram type come first? Which one do you feel is more accurate, if either? Whilst I'm very aware that the Pottermore tests are rather based in whimsy than any sturdy reasoning, I'm still deeply curious to see how people relate (or don't relate) to their results and why.

Comment with:

* MBTI type (and Enneagram, if you know it)
* Hogwarts house
* Ilvermorny house
* Wand
* Patronus 
* How do you feel about these? What does/doesn't resonate?

If you've taken the tests multiple times on different accounts, feel free to either use only the ones which you feel are right, or all of them. 
I have trouble accepting that there are bad things in life and not everything can live up to the idealised image in my head.
Only 20, but introspection is my jam and as soon as I stopped blaming the world for all my problems, I realised I'd been living in a fantasy and that I couldn't make everything perfect. I still fall into old patterns of thinking but I'm much better than I was a year ago.Yeah, definitely. I'm far from perfect but a few years ago I fit most stereotypes of dominant Fi gone bad so I'm happy with my progress.I'm an INFP and I can't imagine ever getting into a fight. It's just not in my nature.

That being said, if I had no way of escaping then I'd have to resort to dirty tricks. I'm not too tall and a little underweight so I'd have no chance if I tried to throw punches or whatever people normally do when they fight.This sounds like an Ne thing to me. I'm an INFP and I do this sometimes. From what I understand, Ne likes novelty and goes through ideas quickly, not always considering how to implement them. Once the idea is exhausted it stops being interesting and Ne moves onto something new.A thumb to the eye, low blows, just your average pro wrestling heel moves. ;)

Just shows how much I know about fighting when I'm basing my moves on Ric Flair.

I'm getting an ISFP vibe here. Being controlling under stress sounds like it could be related to inferior Te. There are a few other things that sound like Fi and Se, like acting on your emotions. I'm no expert though, just thought I'd give this typing thing a try.I'm not sure of my type but I'm pretty sure I'm an N solely by how detached I am from the real world. I'm constantly thinking about things that have no practical use and struggle to get things done. I need time on my own to calm down. Even if people aren't the cause of my stress the situation will get worse if I can't retreat.

I'm not sure of my type so if that gives any indication of any functions I'm open to any suggestions.It gave me INFJ with clear introversion (19/21), slight intuition (15/26), slight feeling (14/24) and slight judging (12/22). I'm not sure about my type, which is pretty visible from my scores...I got 'Emo Kid'. I can't really say I'm surprised. Feminist is too broad a label. It's hard to have an opinion on 'their' arguments since there are so many different kinds of feminist. 

Anyway, equality is good. Sexism is bad. Gender roles in general limit individuality and hurt both men and women alike, and hopefully one day we'll all look at each other as human beings over seeing people through the lens of archaic and restrictive roles.I know it's wishful thinking. Progress has been made but it's not enough yet.

It's just shit for people who don't fall into those roles and are made outsiders because of it. I'm not a very masculine person at all, and while I'll never change myself to be someone I'm not, it really bothers me that so many people can't be themselves because society tells them they're wrong.I love spring because it feels like a reawakening. After the darkness of winter it's nice to get some light and warmth. I get cold really easily so summer is a nice break as soon as my allergies subside. I love going for walks and it's nice to not freeze when I'm out. Autumn can be beautiful with the colours and I love Halloween. I like snow in winter but the darkness gets boring and I hate being cold.

It's cold and I hate being cold. There isn't much snow where I live and without snow I'd happily skip winter entirely.I like being outside sometimes and I have no friends. ;(

Seriously though, winter isn't too bad. I love wind and rain, I just don't deal with being cold well. Snow is also wonderful when it happens. Yeah, I guess my emotional feeler brain can't handle a rational conversation with someone with differing viewpoints.Basically.There's nothing wrong with that. :)

Weed. It chills me out, makes music and games amazing and I love taking walks and being in nature high. Jimmy Eat World and mewithoutYou are great!I'm an INFP.

My main genres are post-hardcore, indie rock and alternative rock, with a little bit of progressive rock and emo. Some of my favourite bands are Thrice, Brand New, Jimmy Eat World, Circa Survive, Dance Gavin Dance and The Dear Hunter.

Sometimes I get in the mood for something more electronic and listen to synthpop like Grimes, Purity Ring and CHVRCHES. There's tonnes of stuff I haven't mentioned but I listen to a lot of music.I'm INFP and my main hobby is definitely music. I spend a lot of time listening and I play guitar. Apart from that, I play games, watch stuff on Netflix and go out for walks.[Brand New - Degausser](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlktvwD-Ug8)

One of my favourite songs.That's fair enough. I like their first album but it's nowhere near as good as the rest for me.

Good lyrics are always welcome, but for me the instrumentals and overall sound are more important.1. Doing things I like. Playing guitar, listening to music and generally being creative makes me feel good. I also love relaxing and playing games, or watching something on Netflix. I tend to get really into some games and shows, and enjoy imagining myself in that world interacting with the characters. I daydream a lot in general. When it's not too cold out I love going out for walks in nature, I always find it super relaxing. Obviously friends, family and my pets make me happy too. 

2. Disappointment. I have a habit of building unrealistic expectations and when things don't go as well as I imagined it makes me sad. I don't handle conflict very well and hate it if I inadvertently hurt someone else. Physical discomfort bothers me a lot too, and if I'm ever unwell or in any kind of pain it ruins my mood. Being made fun of or having my opinions/hobbies completely dismissed. 

3. People/animals being mistreated. Black and white thinking. Racism/sexism/homophobia/bigotry in general. I'm terribly impatient so waiting for things can make me angry if it's something I really want. Judgmental people who can't accept differences between them and others, especially if it doesn't affect them in any way.

4. Most of the examples I gave for the last question. I hate being in unclean environments and bad hygiene grosses me out. 

5. Pain of any kind. Being forced to be someone I'm not. Being stuck doing something I hate. Having my privacy invaded. Never finding happiness. Losing my ability to enjoy the things I love. The people I love dying.

That was fun!Interesting. I've never been fully sure of my type but mainly identified as INFP, though I gave ISFP some consideration. I've always felt too trapped in my own head to be an Se dom, but I might just be relying on stereotypes. I'm definitely open to the possibility though. 

I've never really looked into Enneagram too much but 7w6 sounds pretty close after reading a description. I've been jamming a lot of Strawberry Girls. They're mainly instrumental but their stuff is so good.[What type would you associate with this kind of music?](https://youtu.be/MTy-8NtG_ko) I walk a lot, but I'm not really into exercising otherwise. Feeling physically uncomfortable isn't for me. Cycling is nice when the weather's okay though.[I added a few here, but a lot of it is what I'm currently listening to. Helps to show the kind of thing I like anyway.](http://imgur.com/yvJ6EFe)I have so many doubts I can't even settle on a type. I have trouble recognising the functions in myself, even though I've read so much about typology. I mainly hate talking on the phone because I can barely hear what the other person is saying. I'm terrible at picking words out of background noise.It's hard to say. I tend to zone out and drift into thought a lot, and I think that's worse on the phone since the person I'm talking to can't see me and call me out on it. I don't think it's specific to my type though.Same here, though my main concern is vomiting myself. If someone throws up around me because they're drunk or something it doesn't bother me anywhere near as much as if they could infect me. 

I have a few habits I've picked up in trying to avoid it too. It's annoying but honestly worth the inconvenience compared to how I'd react if I got ill.I'm generally disinterested in food so I suppose that makes me a picky eater.Who cares about what men are supposed to be like? Sounds like you're relying on outdated stereotypes and other people for your self-worth. 

I'm a male and I'm not very masculine at all, but who gives a shit? I just try to be myself, people can think what they want.To add to that, it's probably best that we let people be themselves rather than try to fit into a very restrictive category.I don't think I'm gonna vomit my hair but I don't want to be a dank dank for a long time because I have thought about it as well written and I think it's dank.

Dank.Started off as a meme and all of a sudden the word has taken over my life.INFP and I like post-hardcore, indie rock, emo, progressive rock and synthpop, though I'll give anything a try.Brand New, Thrice, Jimmy Eat World, Dance Gavin Dance, Strawberry Girls, Radiohead and Circa Survive are my favourites right now, though it depends what I'm in the mood for. How about you?I really like The Hotelier and Turnover! Home, Like No Place Is There, Goodness and Peripheral Vision are some of my favourite albums. I enjoy tracks by Bloc Party and Daft Punk too. 

The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me is probably my all-time favourite album. I love all their stuff though.Weed for me. I love how it feels and it makes music, games and nature so much better! I use a vaporiser nowadays and much prefer the high from it. I can get super immersed in music, especially high, paying attention to every instrument and being wowed by every cool part. A lot of the time, however, I imagine myself playing the song, maybe as part of a band, especially when there are prominent guitar parts.
I have one, simultaneously both heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time:

"Your parents are so proud of you, they just never tell you" - My brother's girlfriend.

edit: I am an ISFJI just wish there was more activity! 

Honestly I think people are just too scared to make threads (me included)Hug me, maybe let me tell you what's bothering me.. then leave me alone.haha I came here to say this... exactly the same way. My mum always says that I am a cat :(I think I swing between a few types, I'm not really sure what they would be though.
I would say the greatest love in my life is/was(?) an ENFP (I think). I'm attracted to someone who will take command of the situation and appear confident however when they go missing I get heartbroken and question everything. I could easily see myself loving a more grounded person... however I would get bored easily and probably be put off by how similar we are. So what happens is basically I fall in love with those who I probably wouldn't have a practical relationship with and turn away the ones who I know I could have a long-lasting but no frills connection with... :|You can already learn something from this thread.. Each type has a subtle but unique way in which they respond to your question. Pretty neat I think. 

You'll soon see the difference between personalities, just try and associate quirks between people to something MBTI related.This is funny because I consider myself really responsible but maybe I'm just conditioned to think drugs are bad m'kay.

I love MDMA, acid and weed. I would say the best experience I've had has been on acid, but MDMA is amazing with music and weed is harmless fun. I only really drink cause everyone else does, and I don't mind a ciggie every now and then. Love coffee too but I only have one a day because I need my brain to have stamina.1) Music, spending time with people I love, reading and exploring new things with free time to do so.

2) Realising my own shortcomings and not having the bravery to deal with them. 

Not being strong in certain situations.

3) People with no respect for others, people who attack me personally.

Being restricted by others such as those who I am not prepared to take up my time and energy (I do not take this out on them though, just myself).

4) Blood and gore.

5) Not achieving all that I want to achieve and also not having anyone to share my experiences with.The INFJ metaphor is pretty similar to how I feel as an ISFJ. I think if I was caught off guard and intruded on in my emotional world I would get out of the water.Is he an ISTJ? Funnily I find him terribly boring, but sort of in an endearing way. He's so unobtrusive and seems to poke and mouse around stuff. 

Just goes to show that any type can make great music. I would say Real Estate reflects his personality really well.I often dream about people who are close to me and or scenarios involving these people. These scenarios aren't really ever that great, they usually involve something I am extremely anxious about or can't do in the daylight hours.

If I am in love with someone I spend a lot of time dreaming about them which is a little bit of a hindrance to real life.

I dream in black and white most of the time, and everything is seen from my point of view.There are times when I am dreaming where there is colour. It's usually expressly stated though.. and even then I'm pretty sure everything is black and white. 

I'm only in my 20s so I think the claims about it being B&amp;W TV related aren't really relevant.If my phone died I'd sort of be cheesed that I didn't consider that happening. I would have spent a bit of time before getting out of bed in the morning scrolling on the internet chewing up battery while I had it pulled it off the cable because it was annoying to have it attached at the same time.

After that I'd just find something else to do I guess. If I'm not overly stressed about anything it's usually what I'm gonna make for dinner. If I'm stressed it's what is the next thing I can do to distract myself.. usually a coffee.
I'm ISFJ and I got INFJ, love them! &lt;3They are the warmest computers though &lt;3ISFJ can be almost too sensitive, completely avoiding confrontation at all costs, over extending ourselves helping others to the point of exhaustion (but we don't want to speak up about it), too shy.  Yep :(ISFJ, depression, anxiety/panic disorder. Okay.70% right brain, failed people watching. ISFJ for sure. Reddit is a good example, I wouldn't use it for years because I thought it looked confusing. Now I use it every day! :)All of the above for me!I'm ISFJ, but I've also typed as INFJ multiple times. I've dated more INTPs than any other type, and I love having them as friends, we just mesh so well. I love them!

I've never dated another ISFJ, mainly because I think all of them I have met were unhealthy. I'm open to trying it, though.  I'm ISFJ, and I like to read. :)ISFJI have combined presentation ADHD. Yes, this exactly. This happens to me with INTPs every time, I've dated like four of them now! It can take me weeks to really open up to some people, but with some it's a lot faster. INTPs just get me. We get the job done without complaints, even if it sucks and we really don't want to. I have to be careful not to overdo it at work, or else I'm too nice and feel bad and not only do my work, but other people's too, and burn myself out. But I'm always happy to help! It takes a lot of effort to speak up during meetings. In my experience, we like to bring donuts and muffins n shit to make people happy, and everyone loves us, lol. I like to be someone who remembers my coworkers birthdays and make sure they are celebrated. Great at assisting with workplace disputes and helping everyone resolve their issues and get back to group harmony. I came here to say the same thing. :)ISFJ, Benevolent Visionary.I feel that it is pretty Fe. I think a lot of us feel we have to keep constant harmony with those around us and so in being down I think we feel like we are doing something wrong, almost. I agree with /u/rvi857 that the best thing is to help us do things that lift our spirits if we seem down, and then we feel more empowered to work on it ourselves and feel more satisfied that way.Oh we definitely wait I agree on the number of mistyped INFJs, not just here, but IRL too. It seems like everyone I meet tells me they are INFJ, when it is quickly obvious to me that they are clearly not. If I say anything to be helpful, I'm frequently met with anger. This is how I know that the person isn't interested in mbti to understand themselves or others better, but just as a special identity, like many people find in astrological signs or enneagram etc. and that isn't helpful to them or anyone else. Oh god, and don't even get me started on the ones that say "I'm INFJ, but sometimes INTJ, depends on the day and my mood!!!", it makes me wanna tear my hair out.ISFJ: I dread cleaning day until it comes and then I end up enjoying organizing things. However, I will get too intensely focused on details and organization that I’ll forget the big picture and leave a bunch of bigger things undone. Then I get frustrated and speed clean everything else I can without as much attention to fine detail. It is much less mentally satisfying than the organizing. I am the Tetris master. 

Also, I hate cleaning my own place but like to help others clean and organize theirs. I organize my friends kitchen cabinets etc, it makes me happy. Good ol’ Fe in there, I guess. In classic ISFJ fashion I take way better care of others than myself. 
weeeell, according to the socionics isfjs are your perfect match
I got ESFJ...seems about rightSame 😂Very accurate😩Ex was an ISTJ, pretty awful experience because we were so fundamentally different. Current partner is INTP which I vibe with much more, although he doesn't really fit the stereotypes of the type (he's very warm and friendly which overall makes us connect well). Also just don't vibe with many extroverted + thinking types as much because I'm a really easily intimidated person. I tend to connect really well with ISFJs and ENFJs though:)We connected really well as friends, laughed at the same jokes and had the same interests/hobbies. But we were both young and it was both of our first relationships, so we didn't really know what the basis of a relationship should be like. It was very opposites attract... didn't really realize how bad it was until it was over and I needed to completely rediscover who I was (and finally get past my depression) because of how much he tried to change me. He basically spent the whole relationship trying to turn me into an ISTJ like him (the organization, routine, thinking&gt;feeling, etc) and convincing me any of my natural INFP tendencies were flaws 😬 although he was just an unhealthy person overall so I'd never hold a grudge against the type lol. If anything it taught me how I actually deserve to be treated and things are much better now.YES exactly. I was travelling somewhere for 4 hours the other day, spent 1 hour playing animal crossing and the other 3 staring out the window thinking about what different parts of my life might look like in the futureINFP dating an INTP, it's a good combo 😝INFP and this is how I feel about it too!I only know a couple ENFJs but I admire them a lot. I love how easily they seem to connect to people and want to be everyone's friend (something I wish I could do!) and also how readily they engage in deep or emotional conversations. One of my best friends is ENFJ and we are very quick to talk about whatever emotional things we're going through, and offer advice to help each other with our problems or understand our feelings. It's pretty great dynamic and we seemingly have such a deep understanding of each other's perspectives. ☺️ Would love to have more ENFJs in my life.
