My husband and I are both introverted P types. Our son is an extroverted J type. He had a lot of energy (more than average- to the point where pretty much everyone commented on how active he was). He walked early, talked early, potty trained early, and had a huge vocabulary for his age.
Around 3 years old he became very bossy/commanding (the leader) of EVERY situation. He talked to adults as if he were also an adult. He was not afraid of confrontation (even with adults) and was very assertive. He was good at building, following instructions, and patterns.
Also, he wanted things to always be the same way and to not change (traditional), for example: We placed a night light toy in a particular spot every night for a few months, but then if we moved it somewhere else for whatever reason, he would insist we put it back to its usual spot (and if we did not do it, he would do it himself). He HAD TO talk to EVERYBODY and be the center of attention.

If you are curious, I am an ISFP,
My husband and INTP,
and our son an ENTJFour. Also, he loves talking to people and wrestling and high fives, but he does not like to be cuddled and is not very affectionate most of the time. When he first gets out of bed, we have a big morning hug. If we are headed out the door, a hug and kiss. At night a hug and kiss. Sometimes, if he is reading, he will snuggle up to me. Aside from that, he does not want to be touched. If I pat him on the head, he will tell me to stop touching him. At first it bothered me, as an ISFP, but I have learned to go with it and let him set his own boundaries.I know I did not elaborate on the intuitive side of him, mainly because it was a lot to type. That shows itself more in his mannerisms and things he talks about. He is good at connecting ideas without it being explained to him. He says very logical things that he reasons out for himself. We also thought he was an ESTJ for a while, but then the things he talked out convinced us otherwise. He is still young, so it is hard to say what personality he could end up locking into.Thank you for saying that :)
Nobody is trying to label our kids. What I am doing is trying to recognize the way my child thinks and acts so I can give him the best resources for his learning style to help his growing brain. I want to provide my son with every advantage, especially since we are not rich. We want to raise him to be a strong and independent man who can make good decisions. 
A good example of this is that we bought him action figure toys at one point, because that is what boys like right? Our son NEVER plays with them. We realized he wants shape tiles, blocks, and puzzles. We tried to show him Disney movies because that is what we thought kids like, but no, he quickly loses interest in things that are for entertainment and not educational entertainment. Now we more carefully select his toys, games, and media.
I AM AWARE that personalities change, and we are on the look out for these changes, particularly when his inferior functions will start to show themselves in the preteen years. Everything has a development timeline, maybe TheTurnipKing should read more about when and how personalities begin to develop. You do not just wake up at 18-20 years old and become a certain kind of person. A person is born with a particular personality, and yes, certain aspects of it can be strengthened or weakened or made unhealthy by how you are raised. The true power of knowledge comes from recognizing how you perceive things and function in the world, because then you can structure your life to your advantage and find the most happiness and fulfillment.Intuitive people can generally sense that bad consequences of not working out (particularly an NJ type) and sensors generally like the high of the workout and seeing/feeling the results of your hard work and how you can enjoy that in your sensory dominant sensory experiences.ISFP here. I think certain introvert types can switch into extrovert mode easily. I come off as an extrovert at work and social situations (that are not with close friends). I also am much more up for doctor appointments, running errands, going to the park, amusement parks, etc. than my extremely introverted INTP husband. 
But I also feel very drained after after a while if it is drawn put for more than a few hours and I need to be at home or alone to relax and recharge and I also do not want to do anything else "extroverted" for me next few days. I can't line up a lot of activities back to back like that, I have to have time to just veg out.I'm an ISFP and I prefer platform games. Things like mountain goat mountain, donkey kong, etc.Husband is black and INTP... absolutely depressed and inconsolable and feels like he is staring in a black hole at all the bad that is coming.
I'm a white ISFP and heartbroken for all the racism surrounding this election.
Bernie should've won.I am also an isfp. Do u have a clear talent or have you found that you are more of an artisan?
Example: I can do just about any kind of craft and have a fine ear for music, but the only thing I particularly enjoy and excel at is cooking. It is my passion.I think what they mean is being isfp “typically” means crafter or artisan or artist of some type. What is especially different is your senses don’t seem particularly strong towards taste, color, or sound.
It’s very unusual.Also, there kind of is an “average expectation” of the type. The quirks tend to be that we are all good at different types of artistry or some kind of talent of crafting.
No need to get defensive, but the statement that you are not particularly representative of the type is true (based off your statement about your senses and talents).
-18/f/Scotland :D (copy and pasting from another thread, if that's cool)

-About me: I'm an animation student (arty farty and all that), and I excel in it because I have a sharp eye for detail, I'm perfectionist about my drawings and have a good sense of timing. I used to work in customer service (which i generally hated) and I often was complimented on being efficient because I could spot a customer needing help from a mile away and quickly have them seen to.

-I got on pretty well with all my co-workers, and they said i became more talkative once they got to know me. I met a VERY extroverted Feeler there and we clashed when I told him he was being too helpful and not sticking to his job description. He was honestly way too nice, and a bit of a doormat since he'd change his personality depending on what people wanted from him, which I'd never do. I'm a loner, always have been. I tend to forget to check up on people and prefer being in small groups. -_- I get on famously with my ESFP niece, a little less so with my nephew ISTP(?) because while I can be insensitive he's downright /cruel/.

-I remember when I was a kid I was really, really messy but when I moved in with a bigger family I became a neat freak. I've always been stubborn and bossy (i've learned to tone it down though aha). I wanted to get the main part in the school play and things like that... 
-I've always been terrible at maths, and I lacked grammer/spelling skills in english but i've always loved telling stories. i played instruments, was in cross country team and took taekwondo lessons. I even won a creativity award in my final year of primary school aka middle school :DSo much Se here aha, I'm going to guess ESFP?  I reckon the independence is coming from your FiProbably not enough info here, but i think ESTJ? your 3rd and 5th points sound like Te and Si...nope! my Se is fairly weak ahaha, and don't be fooled by the ISFP=Artist stereotype ;)I, also, cannot really decide on the position of Ne... I've typed as INTJ and INFP (i have a thread asking about my type) I tend to get quite even answers for my cognitive functions ^_^nah, my Se and Fe are basically non-existent -_-I've asked my friends before and they said I was more INTJ than ISFP. (assertive, full of ideas, seeking improvement etc) Like I'm good with details but the contradiction is I don't live in the moment?
also a redditor told me:  
&gt;You're Se seems to be third or fourth in your stack (you don't like loud environments, you enjoy fine food, tried drugs before for curiosity sake, and you have a hard time thinking/analyzing while you're talking).

you can have a look [here](https://redd.it/4rdwvb) or [here](https://redd.it/4yvrsx) to see more about me, if you so wish
ISFP: Musical 4.87, Spatial 4, Language 3.71, Nature 3.57, Self 3, Social 3, Body Movement 2.86, lowest in Math 1. 

(i think i've only seen 2 other isfp's on this thread, hi!) I used to be a musician, played a trumpet and i ALWAYS sing :DI'm rather pessimistic for a type that's supposed to be optimistic.. though my friends have pointed out that i tend to be optimistic around strangers... some more ISFP stereotypes here 

http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-forum-artists/3571-isfp-stereotypes.html My co-worker had such a strong Fe it shined out his ass... I'd say he'd constantly smile around groups of people. In a one-on-one situation he'd smile if someone was pissing him off. Maybe you're just really happy??ah i read it on personalityjunkie and thepersonalitypage, says we're "usually optimistic" but i guess there are a number of exceptions current: isfp. introvert: maybe isfj or infp? a lot of my friends are that type and sometimes i wish we could swap personalities, even just for a day... They're more friendly than me and find it easier to make friends. extrovert: ENTJ or ESFJ (again, like my friends)... i can hardly imagine having their confidence (and they can actually get stuff done! from my experience anyways lol)^ was also the first thing that popped into my headISTP, maybe with an unhealthy Se? Probably more likely for ISTP because your Se means that you are more likely to focus on things that are unique/interesting to you. And I think your lack of confrontation would be due to your FeESFP/ESTP.. basically i just wish i had FeI can relate to pretty much everything you've said here :D 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib51GjmRD8A &lt; Me explaining what it feels like to be ISFP

Dom Fi:  
&gt;I think I do care a lot inside. 
&gt;(usually I'm thinking, when are you going to stop talking so I can get back to my own thoughts?)
&gt;Not just the people you're forgiving, but you yourself. 
&gt;I feel like I can be myself around them without fear of being judged

Aux Se:
&gt;I don't think I'm going to change the world in any huge way, though.

Could also be influenced by Fi-Te, since it prefers to alter immediate surroundings rather than global issues.

&gt;I am pretty particular about details and facts. 
&gt;I have a good eye for design when it comes to things like Word documents and Powerpoint.
&gt;"I should do it I should do it I should do it, so I can relax later...but finding out my type tho...it's really important." (also Fi)
&gt;I also like knowing random trivial things that normally aren't that useful to me in day-to-day life, like different knots and interesting etymology and being able to recognize country flags.

Tert Ni
&gt;I feel like I can never bring the conversation past polite small talk (I often fantasize about replying with something deeper than "good" when someone asks me how I am, though this never actually happens).
&gt;What's the point in thinking about it? It doesn't change anything now. (also Se)
&gt;I feel like no one truly knows me. In a lot of ways, I don't really know myself.

Inferior Te:
&gt;I feel the need to plan things out, because improvising is scary and I'm bad at it, and I'll find myself meticulously thinking through every little detail and possibility of what's going to happen.
&gt;I was very emotional and threw a lot of temper tantrums as a kid.
&gt;I love logic puzzles, like sudoku and those puzzle blocks you have to assemble or disassemble a certain wayOh no, like, all the functions work together! Tert and Inferior functions are more likely to show up when you're stressed, and you'll fall back on these functions when you see the flaws of your dominant function. In other words it's the reason you know you need to plan even though you don't wanna. Opposites attract! ;) 

mbti-notes had some more articulate points on all this stuff 

tertiary:
&gt;This function represents the immature or childish aspect of our personality and it can be utilized as a quick defense mechanism when we want to avoid confronting reality, usually when the ego or self-image feels unexpectedly threatened or insecure. When people rely too heavily on the dominant and/or auxiliary functions, they will not be able to use the tertiary function appropriately. Immature people tend to use the tertiary function to defend the problematic thoughts/behaviors of the dominant function.

from the sounds of it, you have quite a healthy Ni:
&gt;healthy Ni: better able to appreciate, grasp, and connect abstract ideas; better able to appreciate everyday things at a deeper level; focuses on meaningful life direction and works towards practical long term goals; interested in developing personal potential in healthy or productive ways; interested in creative pursuits/activities that do not necessarily have immediately tangible results or practical value

and this is how Te manifests (it's like your dark side):
&gt;Inferior Te acts out in hasty attempts to exercise or regain control over important aspects of life because of being unable to process feelings of inadequacy or powerlessness

Which, as i pointed out before, it was probably Inf Te what caused you to be bossy when you were a kid (me too, lol)I'm not a parent, but I tried typing my niece (9 now) E/ISFP and nephew (10) E/INTJ. The only noticeable changes is their extroversion levels? My niece used to be really high energy to the point of seeming ADD and she's quite mellowed out. Whereas my nephew now talks a lot more, is more likely to initiate conversation and is quicker to get involved in events, could be due to his autism treatment since he'd been undiagnosed before. I've heard that kids decide/prefer to use N or S when they reach their teens?https://www.personalitypage.com/html/kids/kid_portraits.html &lt; That's where i found out, but i've been told it's an unreliable source so take from it what you will INFP. I can't relate to the Si so that rules out ISFP, and i seriously considered ISFJ, but since you said:

&gt; it is about something not related to something controversial, like religion or politics, I'd ask them why they think that....

INFP's like seeing things from other's perspective. and you mentioned initiating an argument if you saw something you didn't agree with: Fi. an ISFJ would shun conflict, not initiate it. 

&gt;(Off topic but I think Seattle would be a perfect place to live)

&gt;it could also represent how leaving the situation that makes you question the trust of someone

This just sounded like an intuitive thing to say, since intuitives will see an object and think about what it reminds them of. you mentioned the brightness and colours so i thought you might be a sensor, but "setting" and "representation" are fairly abstract concepts. (and yes, intuitives are more likely to ramble on for a bit XD)

[my song](http://andeathisbike.tumblr.com/post/149482962266/this-show-really-is-amazing) relates to my type in that it says everyone's unique and is like me in particular bc i really love cartoonsone of my mum's favourite songs, and she was most definitely an INFP!!Best matches according to massmatch.com are ISFP's are ESTP's. Introverts and feeling types are probably more likely to respond well to the whole "soulmate" thing. Worst ones are supposedly ISTJ, ISTP, ENTJ, INTJ or INTP's. 

He'd probably want someone spontaneous, not necessarily impulsive, but more flexible than a TJ would be. That way they'd still be able to have fun but not go too far when stressful times come. Someone with similar values/opinions. I'm sure he'd love to explore his partner's interests if they didn't match his own, and that wouldn't be a defining factor for him. Just some ideas~Damn this is quite the tricky one... You don't sound like much of an ISFP? Your answer at No.1 was pretty abstract, since it was discussing implications/things the pic reminded you of rather than describing it like a sensor would do. I think you'd be an INFP.
Dom Fi:  

&gt;I think it mainly depends on my mood though

&gt;If they have a legitimate reason for their opinion, then I’d consider it more because I am more able to see it from their perspective.

&gt;I suppose I follow them because I agree with them, and they will change if my opinions change.

Aux Ne: The entirety of question no.1

Tert Si: 

&gt;I think I generally keep them to myself or ignore them, and then if it’s right I beat myself up for ignoring it. 

Inf Te:
&gt;Although, my debating skills aren’t that great so I doubt I’d bother trying to convince them otherwise because I know my arguments wouldn’t hold up well and I’m usually unable to articulate what I mean well in speech so it would result in them thinking they’ve ‘won’ because I can’t think of all my arguments or even keep track of the argument as it’s happening.

I'm not totally familiar with Ne or Si, so i could be off. any questions just ask :)Extroversion is mostly about energy levels and how likely you are to get involved with events:

&gt;What is their overall energy level? 
Do they show a consistently energetic or spontaneous or proactive attitude (E), OR do they seem to tire relatively easily when too much is happening around them (I)? Caveat: Account for behaviors that are unduly influenced by situational stress/pressure or unique mental/emotional problems.

&gt;Are they action-oriented? 
Do they automatically make themselves an integral part of events by immediately getting involved in what happens (E), OR do they seem to maintain some psychological distance from events due to needing some personal reflection/interpretation time before taking action (I)? Caveat: Account for knowledge and skill levels because people need less time to reflect if they can rely on preexisting capabilities. 

I personally think you'd be ISTP

Inf Fe: 
&gt;even though this person hurt me so much... I don't want to ruin anyone's life no matter how shitty that person is

You do feel things... and if anything you're a better person than some of us could hope to be in stressful times. have you heard of alexithymia? might help you to look that up

Tert Ni: 
&gt;The imagery in the words. Like certain words are so beautiful to me... and then you combine them with other nice-sounding words... and it feels to me like watching a sunset against the enormous sky, pink clouds, nice cool evening breeze, fresh air outside, and you're just breathing everything in.

(i quite liked this description btw)

Edit, forgot Se hah
Aux Se:
&gt;I have a live and let live attitude. Like I don't need to say things to be right... or correct people. I just go along when it's not necessary to go against the flow.

Dom Ti: 
&gt;I like for things to be efficient. To me things in their natural state are beautiful enough. I don't need to decorate much because I enjoy things as they are... so efficiency over looking good.

i am by no means an expert, just my thoughts :)hm, ISTP as a four letter mbti isn't really in order? i don't really know how to explain it, sorry -_- basically i think you're quite a high Se user, because you kinda let life do its thing and in that way you're quite trusting and "go with the flow".

&gt;I just go along when it's not necessary to go against the flow.

 You also seem to value beauty and aesthetics, which sensors surely do. intuitives would obviously like beauty too, but for different reasons? and obviously you're not a Se dom because your Ti values order over appearance like you said. 

i also think you use your intuition to look ahead and balance out your Ti and Se, rather than exploring possibilities like a Ne would:

&gt; I'm looking at the bigger picture and even though this person hurt me so much... 

the lower functions Fe and Ni would usually come out during stressful times and may be less noticeable.

That being said, ISTP and INTP are really really close, with only two functions differing. You may as well compare them and see which one you like best.welcome to the SP club boyo! ;DINTJ or ISTJ, you seem fairly detached and low energy. Would you like me to explain further or are you happy to compare these yourself?CLOSEnope :pnope :) well, i mean you're closeTHEY MAKE FRIENDS BECAUSE THEY'RE SUPER NICE. also they need to be protected. like sure you guys can handle yourself but we have this Need to save you. INFP's are pretty different, and sometimes have out-landish interests/thought processes that intrigue others. so basically, you don't make friends, they come to YOU. 

source: several INFP friendsvisual-spatial~ ISFPYup! I love how my Fi is always obvious lol/u/robble_bobble, /u/olenna, /u/Static_Equilibrium and /u/Zeznex I'm an ISFP! I think I have a very well developed Ni, which probably came across as Ne for the test. Thanks for answering :DOther instances of Ne:
&gt;I’d probably just ask what happened and ask anyone if they know how to fix it or have any ideas of what to do 

&gt;  I’d ask them why they think that. 

&gt;  I’m usually unable to articulate what I mean well in speech

&gt; I know my arguments wouldn’t hold up well (this is you recognizing a pattern, also your Fi since Feelers have a lower self confidence than Thinkers)

to be honest the fact you're asking me again pretty much proves you have Ne XD 

Remember that we use all the functions to a degree, it's the ones you prefer using that determine your type. Intuitives can live in the future or past. The question is do you live so much in the past you can easily get lost in your thoughts? I have a hard time completely blocking out my surroundings. 

Did you see the section near the end of my video? It showed the difference between a Sensor and Intuitive: intuitives think of things pictures/objects remind them of, whereas a sensor would describe an object in terms of colours/details. lol here we have even more Ne: 

&gt;"that looks cool, I want to wear stuff like that, I wonder where they bought their clothes from"

&gt;oh it's pink and white and it has these other *things* on it 

saying "things" sounds like you got the impression of the object, which is what Ne does. and the fact you brought an example, a hypothetical example says a lot too. 

i ain't an expert mind you, if you feel you relate more to Fi-Se-Ni-Te then that's cool. do some research! introspect!!
take a break buddy! you'll lose yourself  o_O no probs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V52NSf1ccOg

Bert is Se/Si, Ernie is Ne (this probably explains it better than my video did lol)ISFP man~ tried tagging you but i guess it didn't work. (and nah, thinkers tend to be better at stuff like maths and grammer than i am lol. i did consider intj for a long time tho)i always find that there's something i need to look up, or i get impatient with not being able to sleep, i worry that someone's replied to a post while i've been away. the temperature plays a big part in whether i can sleep, so if it's bothering me i'll be thinking of ways to fix it. also reflecting on what's happened during the day, or new ideas for stories/comics.really? i would've thought with the whole "authority challenging and marking your own path" it would've been an obvious Fi dom. [Se] Extraverted Sensing (Engagement)
&gt;-attends to objective sensory facts

&gt;-oriented to present &amp; changing conditions

&gt;-looks for novelty or intensity of change

&gt;-experiences the world through “interaction”

&gt;-seeks to maximize flexibility &amp; adaptability

&gt;-trusts life &amp; gets fully involved in events

&gt;-short-sighted, no direction, easily bored

[Si] Introverted Sensing (Familiarity)
&gt;-attends to subjective sensory details

&gt;-oriented to categorizing incoming details

&gt;-looks for familiarity in sense impressions

&gt;-experiences the world through “comparison”

&gt;-seeks to maximize continuity of experience

&gt;-approaches learning/action incrementally

&gt;-conventional, risk averse, easily anxiousit's almost as if the answer was written down, you guessed it so easily...(ง'̀-'́)ง#tfw you're an introvert and all the extroverts are filling up the chat like crazyyeah why can't it, tell me, in explicit detailBroke down into each of the functions, hope this helps! 

Ti:
&gt;I can have external influences conclude something about myself that even I have not, but I can't help to mentally point out its falsehoods.

&gt;I slog through things without commitment

Ne:
&gt;I can't even implement my idealizations of myself to myself, I am simply too lazy.

&gt;My personal self is never changing, but my idealization of myself always changes, nothing short of a creation of myself by myself.

Si:
&gt;I can't do basic, practical necessities; I overthink it, and thus, I'm thoroughly clueless. If thinks do not come to me personally, I rely on this weak tell of what to do, and it comes across as completely unknowing.

&gt;While I easily find truth in others, I don't have the same ease with myself.

Fe:
&gt;I lied to many people, to my parents, to my friends, to my teachers (could also be distorted Ti or Ne)

&gt;This changes when around people, and how I perceive them.

&gt;I retreat back into the place where I'm only free, where the only pressure is of myself!

I think you are an INTP but are stuck in a Ti-Si loop. Other types I would consider are: ISFJ, ISTP (with unhealthy Se and over-indulged Ni). Have a look at the link below, i always find this guy's blog really useful.

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/119609488442/mbti-development-intp  (I would say you are at... level one)When I was a kid my mum said I was pretty narcissistic, however at the same time I had a low self-esteem. I think it's just a matter of how well developed you are. ~~(or maybe we're just dicks)~~I'm going to say ENFP, it's really hard for me to tell whether you're using Inf Ni or Si... but I get the feeling that ENFP's are a little more likely to explain their ideas (or be *fiery* as you put it)

Ne:
&gt;I'd help my friends fix it, even if there's little to no hope of us getting to the concert (idealism)

&gt;this one stood out to me, because I love stars and space (making connections with your interests rather than going straight to description)

I think an ESFP would be more willing to hide their emotions for the sake of social harmony. It's quite strange that you say you're not a judger since you also mentioned you can make decisions easily (and perceivers are very indecisive and quite slow to make decisions)ahh i usually can't concentrate without music... it helps me block out other soundsCan confirm: me and my INFP mum LOVE this kinda stuffspoken like a true Water SignHow do I set my boundaries? 
Me: "fuck off" Everyone else: "kk"

I don't know.. I set boundaries according to my morals? Sometimes it's instinct if my Tert Ni kicks in.my ISFJ friend totally fits this!like the atmosphere of a situation could cause me to draw the line, if i can sense someone's upset or lying, like i don't only set boundaries for myself. 

i remember one time in highschool this girl invited me to her party and i kept thinking "no, i can't trust her" even though i didn't have an explainable reason *why* and my parents even encouraged me to go. 

(i was right not to go, because it turns out she went to a different location for her party and if i'd shown up no-one wouldve been there)

sorry if i'm not explaining it well, maybe i dont understand what you mean by boundariesI'm an ISFP, and I got Fi, Ne, Ti and Se... I think it would really help if you had concrete examples, because I always find that I can't understand the questions. Also, you want to take into account that when functions are lower down in the stack it might came across as an introverted function, or in the opposite case: an overindulged function can seem extroverted. (and watch out for looping too) Not an expert in mbti but there's my two cents. 

(as a side note i checked out the ISFP personality page and there were typos) (and question 29 is missing a word)ISFP, 4w5

Slytherin

Horned Serpent

Chestnut with unicorn hair, pretty bendy

Elephant

Eh, I've taken the tests a couple of times (I cheated the system lol) I've also gotten the results: Gryffindor, Pukwudgie and a Nebelung Cat Patronus. I think the difference between getting Gryffindor and Slytherin was dependent on my mood, since that affects how I see myself. And isn't Horned Serpant is more associated with Ravenclaw?I think for me, it's how I brainstorm and come to conclusions that seem random to other people, my imagination, my habit of overthinking consequences, having an interest in symbolism (especially with dreams). Maybe having a noticeable sense of sonder? As in, appreciating everyday things on a deeper level.

Ni shows up in my desire to be the best, having a sense that there's always something bigger to strive for. Being really confused at how my ISFJ friend can be happy with small goals? For instance, I'm an animation student and ISFJ is a psychologist: she just wants to help kids whereas I aim to inspire and provoke thought with my art (man that sounds really pretentious, I promise I'm not XD) ISFP. I could relate to a lot of things here, and you definitely don't sound like a high Te/Ti user. Since you mentioned being "hands on", it sounds like you're more practical than an INFP. And well, the fact you get easily bored and move around projects indicates high Se/ being a Perceiver :P feel free to message me if you want a more in depth analysis! :) INFP, in my opinion.

&gt;i love standing up in front of sitting down groups to have a birds eye view of all these human interactions, i dont eavesdrop, its just that watching people communicate soothes me in someway

as someone with high Se i can't help BUT eavesdrop? and your second last paragraph leads me to believe you're asking about your type due to inner doubt/relying on other people for direction, which indicates low Si. 

honestly just reading everything you wrote was like reading poetry, and if that's not Ne i dunno what is :Pk but the girl is married with kids so she's not a potential love interest, and MC was never let down by yuri's bullying since he actually does have confidence in himself each to their own ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ have you watched it?http://cala-man-si.tumblr.com/post/152062242733/thoughts-viktor-nikiforov

^ this is a character analysis that's more in depth than the majority of "type me!" posts on this website. take a look.

excerpt: 

&gt;He is forgetful. 

&gt;He only thinks about himself 

&gt;He is all about surprising people

&gt;He does thorough data gathering (trying to learn all about Yuuri to help him out)

&gt;He’s straightforward and serious about worki've been wondering the same thing lately, so i hope this gets answers!i got 127 do i counthttp://imgur.com/a/9HEbc

19, scottish~I would say ESFP. Really, the difference would show in how energetic and action orientated she is. Does she spend most of her time alone? Does she think before she acts? If yes, probably ISFP. try comparing the two here:

http://www.preludecharacteranalysis.com/types/isfp/vs/esfpISFP.... The first paragraph/Moodswings i would say indicates high Fi, the Loner paragraph pretty much tells us introvert?? Like I get that ESFP's can be quiet too, but I really doubt they'd avoid people as much as an Introvert would. The structure of how you wrote this sounds quite Ni too: start out with a principle, then expand in a long-winded way.

I feel like i ghost-wrote this whole thing tbh... lol, keep in mind that introverts would appear more bubbly online since we can actually speak our mind than we do irl~~ my friends notice that i sound WAY more extroverted/excitable over text than in personmaybe so, but perhaps to a less extent than an introvert would. (judging from your profile you talk a lot... which indicates even though you spend time alone you seek interaction with others)^ Sounds exactly like something my INFP mum would sayI got 5D as well.. i'm still kinda confused about what it means lolooh okay! for some reason i assumed it would be the other way round? it's interesting to see different aspects of yourself at work in reality, because mbti theory can only explain so much, in terms of how they affect your actions irl. thanks for your input!copy the questions from here: https://redd.it/591u7j and answer them for yourself so we can analyse them. 

if you're too lazy to do that, give us an overview of what you are like as a person; strong values you have, how people see you and how you see yourself. i did have a look at this, the description for 5D fits Fi and Ti. i wonder what the correlation with dominant functions and awareness will beMy guess is ENFJ, you're definitely an Intuitive aha. 

Fe: 

&gt;I want to make my friend happy

&gt;I basically just want people to approve of me. 

&gt;My only goal being to meet everyone else's needs even if it's very draining to me.

&gt;No matter how obnoxious of a belief it was, I wouldn't want to be pulled into an argument. 

&gt;I don't live my life in accordance with what I want.

&gt;I value mercy and safety 

Ni:

&gt;I'm actually really interested in hearing other people's beliefs, philosophies, ideologies, etc. 

&gt;I'm really only interested in things that are permanent

&gt;I'm always looking at how every single day affects the life I will be living in ten years.

&gt;A moment of pleasure isn't worth a lifetime of regret. 

&gt;Bad gut feelings are a part of why I'm so proactive about EVERYTHING. 

Se: 

&gt;Take precautions to prevent the bad thing from happening

&gt;Cleaning, gardening, repairing something mechanical

&gt;I don't stop until things are exactly how they're supposed to be.

&gt;I like to learn, but I hate learning for a grade

Ti: 

&gt;Also, the urge to be really bossy. 

&gt;I often times kind of just watch them make the mistakes I predicted they would make

&gt;"Victoria, maybe if you study more and socialise a little less, you'll get an A..."

You definitely seem like a Fe-dom, but I also saw Ne, Si and Te so you could also look into INFP/ENFPI'm gonna say INTP or ISTP. I think the reason you don't like talking with "feelsy" people is because you're not one ahaha. By the looks of it, your Inf Fe shows when you're under pressure and you internalise your feelings for the sake of the group you're with, and using that function elsewhere is just draining for you. tbh i typed with fe, ne si and te... but that... is not possibleintroversion/extroversion isn't about how you interact w/ people per se, it's to with how action orientated you are, your energy levels around people. since you mentioned feeling good after doing your work as a waitress, i would imagine you have a substantial amount of energy and tend to think on your feet. does that sound right?she's definitely not an extrovert, she'd be ISTJ more likely. i don't know since I don't know her that well. the others mentioned her being an ENTP, and i was thinking she could be INTP earlierwhereas i, an introvert, am drained by anybody i spend time with: whether or not i feel comfortable with them~I kinda think to myself in third person... With three different voices... There's one voice that narrates what I need to do -it's the logical one that can analyse stuff verbally. There's another that is a petulant child and says "I don't want tooooo" and gets excited about things very easily. And there is a motherly one who gently persuades me to do whatever action it is I'm trying to complete and tells off the mean one when it goes too far. My default thought-voice uses first person and sounds most like myself. 

Logical=Te, Motherly=Ni, Child=Se, Default=Fi?? (I actually never noticed this before, but it fits so perfectly)

Of all these are different aspects of myself, though some remind me of people I've known in my life. The motherly one reminds me of my past therapist. 

When I was about 5 or 6 I realised these voices were there and insisted to go to the doctor, who told me it was just my thoughts XD  I think for ISFP, our powers could be: 

&gt;Water Manipulation since water symbolises emotions and we are very emotional people 

&gt;Fire manipulation, since fire symbolises passion and our Fi is passionate about certain values  

&gt;The ability to turn drawings into real life objects, since we are often seen as the artists

&gt;Ability to talk to animals, since many of us are animal loversYeah I would agree with the other commenter, INTPyeah i would agree with intp, you mentioned choosing logic over hunch feelings so that puts Ti at the top, being open to new ideas is common with NeINFP most likely, in my opinion anywayI think you've dealt with it pretty well to be honest! You managed to get over it, to some degree at least anyway, right? You might find yourself emotionally attached for a while, but you'll end up thinking of him less as time goes on. This is your chance to think more about what you like, the path of self-discovery~ here's a video that shows some of the behavioural differences between Fi and Fe, i quite liked it and related to Andrew Garfield (INFP) a lot: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JR3_OtpJe8 

for me Fi is individualism, everyone is unique, and it's being honest about how you feel (and usually regretting being too honest because you don't want to be rude). "i think this is good therefore i like it". I've also noticed that Fe tends to verbally confirm social pleasantries whereas Fi picks up hints that make sense. 

^ In the video Andrew copies Carey Mulligan's pose because he assumes that since she is sitting in that position, she has already been given permission and this is "evidence" that it would be alright for him to do the same. I tend to do this too because I prefer not to talk so much irl &gt;"Pretty sure I pissed off my entire ethics class last year for debating about random shit endlessly. My teacher even told me to shut up, that was pretty fun haha." 

That doesn't sound particularly introverted... I would go with ENTP too. the second question about the car breaking down seemed very Ne: you go from wondering about gas running out which somehow leads to your ex girlfriend? Very unlike a Ni linear thought process, and indicates inf Si since you're reminded of the past. "Speaking of which:..."

"In other news..."

"Apparently,"

"By the way,"

"Hopefully."

"Pretty cool."

"In my opinion..."yknow what, i have an ENTJ friend, perhaps he's rubbing off on me~ can you give an example?i don't think it means the show, if that's what you're thinkingINFP

waiting for the riots to start

i want that greasy orange asshole impeachedyou want to talk about /democracy/? tell that to the trump supporters who fucking prevented god knows how many black/latino people (who were all born in america) from even entering the fucking polling station.

oh yeah, i can see /exactly/ how everyone got their fair vote in this /democratic/ election. just honestly, don't even get me started.i aint fucking waiting around for him to prove his own words. as ya can see, when he wants something /he tends to get his own way/ 

and by riots, i meant i'm waiting for the democrats to protestyeah we wouldhttp://usuncut.com/politics/trump-supporter-stands-outside-polling-place-gun-police-say-cool/

here they find *loopholes* and the police are obviously on their side and doing jackshit. if it had been a black person i'm sure all hell would've broken loose.

http://www.ibtimes.com/voter-fraud-2016-where-election-day-reports-intimidation-are-coming-2443527

"UPDATE: 11:29 p.m. EST – There are unconfirmed reports on Twitter of Donald Trump supporters blocking the doors to a polling station in Chesapeake, Virginia, and directing racial slurs at people attempting to vote."

so basically: there's barely any news reports because these people managed to slip under the radar. easily detained, you say? not when the police don't give a shit."How many cats are there in the world?" 

*omniscience gives me the answer, looking at me with curiosity and slight despair* 

"good. that is almost enough. almost!"Now I was going to say someone like Walt Disney since I'm into film and animation, but then I saw the comment about a person's grandpa and it took me elsewhere in my mind...

I'd talk to my mum. Not to be a downer, but because she died when I was younger. I'd talk to her about just.. anything. What's the afterlife like. How my family is doing. I'd apologise for being a bratty kid, aha. 

The last thing I'd say is that everyone really misses her including me, and that even though she was ill and couldn't meet with many people she was still loved by so many others. I'd meet with her somewhere quiet, in the botanical gardens we used to visit when I was a kid. thank you :)XSFJ's: i adopt isfj's, and esfj's adopt me XD they honestly care about other people and are really polite! (well, the one's i know anyway) i think most of my friends are intuitive types thoughlol, what do you think makes ENTP's good storytellers? INFP, 4w3. When I was younger I really cared about being popular, but as I grew up I became a bit more blasé about how people saw me. Also: you don't have to worry what people think about you if they never see you because you rarely venture outside 

http://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/selectall/2017/02/09/09-roll-safe.w710.h473.jpgas a Fi user I'd say people have pointed out that I write "with a genuine voice" and I can see how this would come across as passionate. good response, thank you!i'd say that in itself is a strength, not everyone has an easy time writing in a way that just "falls out" and it can be difficult to translate thought into wordsAh man i'm terrible at writing angst! ( but i do love giving the reader second-hand embarrassment, ohoho) I usually end up making angsty scenes sound too dramatic. Maybe Fe users are better at describing/talking about feelings: teach me your ways, o great one! I second this, I've had the same issue as OP where I've typed in mbyi as an xsfj/infp, and I'm type 4w3. /u/Lucky_Duck15 I relate to everything you've mentioned! petition to start a Ne-Fi blood cult in which we pour a drop of blood onto everything we love and cryBOOOO KILLJOY *pours blood on my hopes and dreams and cries*An ESFP introduced me to this wild place called "Reality". It sounds dangerous but I'm curious, I've been thinking about taking a pilgrimage to this town called "Self-Awareness" and learning about myself. The cult may raise enough money to allow myself and others to go. please keep your TiTs out of this, how indecent! there are children here nah I'm not amnesiac... I think... uh I guess its because I'm pretty balanced or.. complex? or maybe I just don't understand what each sides actually means.. hmm. and I think when I reflect on my past, I see my actions/feelings different from how they actually are, or something. edit: sent this to the wrong person, oops. okay so I asked 3 people: 

A said I'm: empathetic, interested in getting to know others, self-analytical/reflective, shy. 

B said: honest, ambitious, determined, inspirational, dedicated, one task a time kinda person, starts projects but doesn't finish, lots of ideas. 

C said: artistic, expressive and focused. All three said I lack self-confidence and that I'm creative. 

would you say that description fits with my flair, INFP? I thought it was odd that B said "focused", isn't that more of a J quality? it's the same kinda question, but more open-ended i think. you see a behaviour, but link the method/"how" to the action, rather than the other way round :) i'm gonna analyse this to see if it can answer my question.. 
Poem talks about regret, in-authenticity, immaturity, weakness, loneliness, uses metaphors to describe emotions/actions/consequences, imagery words that are quick for the reader to grasp, possibilities, fear of repeated mistakes, sacrificing ones needs for others, information not fitting in with what the writer had believed. I definitely see a lot of Si and Fe here. 

(I'm guessing this is about an internet friend/lover getting hurt and you being too far away to help them? Also I wasn't sure if this was all one poem or if the dots meant a new poem so I interpreted it as a whole) quite interesting, i read "About my very tortured friend". very factual, tells it like it is, story-like (or newspaper like) and reacting to other emotional people since his own feelings are quieti think a lot of it is simply understanding the context of the statement, and guessing how the person would write the sentence. 

For question 1, I knew the answer was either 1 or 4. 

Answer 2 didn't fit bc the phrase after the blank: "all it is supposed to do" indicates something lacking and implies negativity towards the statement in the blank. The answer isn't 3 because the whole passage is about the mind performing better when multi-tasking. Answer 4 is a guess at how the test would be written, and often it doesn't make sense for the same word, in this case "paralysed" to be repeated. And I can't really explain why but answer 5 just didn't catch my attention. Maybe bc becoming distracted from what you see is the whole point of thinking while looking at something? And therefore redundant to be repeated? 

So for me, it was a process of elimination and deciding what made sense. what's your type? just look up hetalia's mbti typesdidn't you already post this? couldve sworn i saw this post already.. ESTJ^ i'd agree with thisi think it's like an increase of stamina, as you do something more you're able to withstand it for longer, and of course this would comes with ups and downs until you reached your full potentialit said i would struggle with sarcasm even though i use it all the time XD Said I was sceptical, diligent and practical, and kind of ISTJ? though maybe the results would've portrayed me more accurately if I'd taken the longer version I've been taking these quizzes for donkey's years, different results from different sources: but hey, what can you do. I reckon some informed humans would be better off explaining my train wreck of a personality. Thanks in advance!

**What makes you respect individuals, groups, or organizations? List whatever you can think of.**

In people, I find it admirable when they're good at talking. You know the ones: those assholes with loads of charisma. They're a tiny bit manipulative but people love them anyway. Like my friend, an ENTJ. I also admire people who have loads of enthusiasm and passion. Sometimes it affects me and lifts my mood, other times it makes me pine for their passion. i've lost a lot of motivation this past year and lost sight of my future goals.

**What kind of things turn you off about a person, a brand/company, or a particular environment? What gets under your skin (in a bad way)?**

Conservatives. Business oriented folk. Disrespect. Fake smiling and shallow conversation, like small talk. I don't like people who force others to act like them, though I think i have a habit of being equally opinionated. I don't like loud environments. I prefer high quality brands, like nice tasting food, more than the price. Sometimes I'm snobby and dislike things/people just because they're popular, taking my first impression at face value and not truly seeing whether I like it or not.

**How good is your memory for detail? Specific conversations you've had in the past, little tasks that need to get done, what you were doing the first time you heard a song or tried a food, etc.**

I remember conversations quite well: I remember things through audio and images. I usually keep to-do lists so I don't forget tasks. I don't know it's quite difficult to pin down. I’m told i have a good memory, like I can pretty much name every person I've met in my life, but I'm terrible at memorizing equations for a test and just as bad at remembering phrases in other languages even though I just heard them three times.

**What do you spend the most time thinking about - the past, the present, the future? Practical topics, logistical issues, relationships with people, theoretical concepts, issues of morality/ethics? Do you find yourself fixating on one thing, coming back to it, and trying to figure it out, or are you more prone to meandering through multiple tangentially related topics? Do you often daydream/space out? When you do daydream or fantasize, what kind of things do you imagine and think about?**

The past and the future. I think “what if this happened” and “remember when so-so happened”. I think about my relationships with people, and probably theoretical concepts. With MBTI: I read loads about the specific functions, took quizzes several times even if I got the same result, watched videos with specific types in them to see if I related to them. Is that fixating on one or...? I don’t space out, but I can zone out things when I’m reading to help me concentrate. When I daydream it usually random things, like hearing myself talk on stage at the Oscars or imaginary conversations.

**Think about a topic or two you're really interested in and like having conversations about. Do you think you would generally have more fun talking about that topic with an enthusiastic, curious listener who asks you lots of great questions, or do you think you would generally have more fun listening to an interesting, entertaining person talk at length about it and answer your questions enthusiastically?**

I find that I want to talk, even if I have nothing to say. I usually want my ideas to be heard, though people label me as a listener. Which I can be... But only if it’s something they’re passionate about, and not me. So yeah I’d want a curious listener, i think??

**In the last question, what topic(s) were you think about?**

Psychology, art, politics, experiences me and that person have in common, a hobby we share like drawing or writing.

**If someone is doing something that you strongly disagree with, how likely are you to confront them about it? If you do confront them, how do you usually tend to do it? How does your answer change depending on your relationship with the person, and whether their actions directly affect you?**

About 90%. If it’s a stranger doing something on the street I’d definitely hover around to see if they stop doing it. if like, say, someone was bullying someone else I’d definitely get involved and stop them. I don’t really take shit from my friends either, i’d tell them off if they started calling people names, ask why they even did it in the first place. I think this applies for everyone, i’ve even scolded my boss for putting all the blame on me! The only person i wouldn’t confront would be my sister, because she scares me.

**How interested are you in trying new things - traveling, trying strange and exotic foods, going on roller coasters, jumping out of airplanes, things like that? Regardless of how interested you are, how willing would you be to do those things if someone asked you to? How often do you actually do things like that? Give examples.**

I’ve taken drugs before simply because i was curious. I’ve traveled for university without a hint of fear, i love roller-coasters, i’m a bit reluctant to try new foods if it’s a waste of money (and i ate a lot of the same foods when i was younger). I would be all for it, i just.. don’t do them. I have a very routine life. i want to be more spontaneous but yeahi need a reason to do something and i'm probably quite predictable in what i do after work: go on the computer, eat, sleep, back to work. i really hate repetition at work though. not sure what to make of that.

**How would other people describe your demeanor? It may help to ask people you know. How emotional do you seem to people? How rational? Do you tend to be quiet and reserved, or more loud and talkative? Do you seem to choose your words carefully, or talk stream of consciousness, or do you sometimes think so fast you stumble trying to get all the words out? Do you tend to finish your sentences, or skip to the next sentence in the middle of the one you're saying, or skip to new topics entirely? Do you interrupt - if so, when and how often? How do you feel if someone interrupts you? How often do you feel like you have so much energy you can't sit still and need to be up and moving? How hard is it for you to get out of bed in the morning, or get up after relaxing for a long time?**

I’m “cool” I’ve been told. I asked my INFJ friend the other day and he said I was introverted, my ISFJ always said I was clingy, playful and pessimistic (weird combo, i know). I'm just kinda mellow I guess, quite easy going. I come across as shy and quiet, but my attitude can change within seconds if I’m with someone i’m comfortable with, even if i dont know the rest of them. my social anxiety often breaks through -.- I’m VERY emotional. I’m usually pretty sensible, but obviously that’d change with my mood. I’m pretty sure i think as i talk, and i have to concentrate very hard if i want to analyze what i want to say beforehand, and i can definitely think faster than i talk (and i can talk pretty quickly).

I skip my sentences, mostly because i realize halfway that what i’m saying doesn’t make sense. I interrupt a lot, mostly because i can already guess what the person is trying to say based on context. I hate it when i’m interrupted though, lol. Barely ever energetic, i'm too lazy aha. if i am it's usually at night. And it’s so hard to wake up. So so hard.

**Are you involved in any creative activities or projects? What are they and why do you like them? What are your goals in these areas? What have you felt most proud of or satisfied with? How likely are you to finish a particular project you start?**

I sometimes write and draw and post that stuff online, i want to create my own tv series or film and become one of the best in the industry. I was proud of the works i felt most attached to and finished, probably more so than the ones that are popular. although i love it when something of mine becomes popular. i love talking about my art/writing with people online. I’m very unlikely to finish stuff off though, sadly, and i heavily rely on people’s support throughout projects.

Wow this is like... A four page word document. I commend you if you made it this far. Good luck guessing my type!! I look forward to seeing different points of view :Dfor me, i find that the questions are too vague and leave too much room for interpretation. i quite like specific examples because that way you're not wondering "what's an abstract thought? how can you tell if you see details!?" 

bonus points if your new MBTI test would be quick and easy to doi asked mathisrational on tumblr and this is what they said:

“I know that x and y are fact, but Joe tends to do ______ which is opposite of what the facts say. Therefore, z will happen”.

“In order to get this project done on time, I must first do x, then talk to Joe to get Y done. While he is getting Y done, I will do Z and A so when he is done I can complete the project on time.”

“Although I believe X is true, Joe has always acted by __________ ; therefore, he most likely believes Y is true. Since Joe believes Y is true, he will wish for (option B) to happen. However, I want (option A) to happen. I will approach (topic) like (way of communicating), so (mutually agreeable option) is reached.”

“I have a gut feeling __________ will happen. If it does ______ is how I will react to it.”

“Something is connected here…”

“___________ seems to be the best for (organization) right now. I don’t know why though”. 

“If we do _________, __________ will occur because of (a,b, and c)”.

what do you guys think? accurate?Do you think high Se/Si users are more prone to touch starvation? I reckon a lot of us would be likely to touch their friends to feel close to them. With Aux Se I sometimes get ghost touches, like the memory of a hug that I try to reproduce, if that makes sense? 

It could just be me since I haven't hugged someone in over a year, but i wonder if other sensors get this too.http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/personalitytest.php?do=results&amp;id=1UV248MuhZ

Guess my type based on my social media personality test result!It was such a small thing, but the way me and my classmate took notes for a presentation was entirely different. 

She would write down full sentences which she would later narrow down into key-points, to be used in the presentation slide. 

On the other hand, I was writing down key-points, which I knew I could later expand on when giving the presentation in person. I found it difficult to write down the full sentence of what I was going to say, because I had too many things to say based on the one key-point. 

What functions do you think are at play here?So apparently intuitive folks like reading theoretical things? i can't tell whether I have read these kind of things or not so I'd like you to recommend something theoretical that you like.  I imagine for high Se/Si users they'd be really good at description, and I've been told I write narration and character's introspection well. Interested to hear your thoughts!  

Edit: here's some examples of storytelling strengths because I think I mis-phrased the question

&gt;1. Action. What are your characters doing?
&gt;2. Dialogue. What are they saying?
&gt;3. Description. What are they see­ing, hear­ing, touch­ing, tast­ing, and smelling?
&gt;4. Inner Monologue. What are they thinking?
&gt;5. Exposition / Narrative. What other information does the narrator (IE you) want us to know?I know mbti tests can only tell you so much and people often use both sides of themselves, but still. How do I figure myself out? How do I know whether I prefer imagination or realism? If I'm literal or figurative? Planned or spontaneous? Decisive or indecisive? More truthful or diplomatic? Etc... Is there tests which can figure each one out individually? It's like I don't even know who I am and it's buggin' me out :/What kind of language, words would they use? What would it be about? Bonus points if you give examplesI'm not quite sure how to explain it, but we can basically read other people's minds if they have the same type as us because we know how they work. We know what information they look at and how they came to conclusion they did, even if they don't tell us. Have you ever experienced this? 
can confirm, am isfpi think ISFPs are great too :3
im an ISFP and tim &amp; eric are 2 of my fav comediansI'm an ISFP and I read people really well. I can tell if someone is fake or not within minutes of meeting themA sociopathic pedophile mass murderer?

INTJbecause i bought it from a restaurant Just a start for people to contribute to.

Jeez. I guess I should have just made another "What type am I?" thread. &gt;ISFP: Raising the world's cutest ducklings. But for a Chinese restaurant.

:othe first thing i ever notice anywhere i go is how it smells. i smell stuff that no one else even can lolBasically if you created a person based on the MBTI description, who would it be?

ESTP - Donald Trump

ENFP - Michael Scott (The Office)

ENFJ - OprahINTJ: https://youtu.be/zT3iviHrhUI

ESFP: https://youtu.be/zj1FifK3bbg

ENTJ: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cISYzA36-ZY&amp;t=1m50s

ESTP: https://youtu.be/IDx34E5PK2I
You're an ISFJ.

The doormat subtype.We ISFPs are introverted outdoor types.

One thing that can help you cope with being at home is meditation, nature sounds, listening to music with some good over the ear headphones or even having a pet. Anything that distracts you from being on a cage will help.ESTP just like the Donald.

She likes conflict, she's outspoken and has that competitive (i must win!) aura around her.Agreed.

ESTPs just like ENTPs like to argue for the sake of arguing. Steve Job was an ISTP so I'd say ISTPs.

ESTPs can be brutal but they're also personable, unlike ISTPs.He wrote about actions instead of acting.

That's very typical INTJ, they bark orders but they're not there leading the frontlines too like an ENTJ would do.Counterpoint: Aristotles.Man, Js are a pain in the ass.

Even when on vacations they must give structure to chill time too!Dominant Se types are the smoother because they're always reading your body language and measuring the room mood.Nah, ENTPs are associated with antisocial behavior.

INTJs are more inclined towards Schizoidism (I don't need anyone but me!)I prefer sports I can play without a team like Tennis, Boxing and Racing.

Sports with lot of planning and waiting like Baseball or Football bore me.

Soccer is cool. And I've never tried Basketball, but its fun to watch.Because its hard to type fictional characters, specially in shows with inconsistent writing.

The best I've seen is ZombiesRuinEverything but he's in his hipster fase, so he retired.With some reservations.

Jeb Bush ENTJ? please.Fe's goal is always harmony at the cost of everything else.

So it depends on what kind of corporations we're talking about. ESFPs.

They live for self-centered pleasure.Two ENTPs would be a relationship of endless banter, arguing for the sake of arguing and chaos.

Also, the divorce/break up would be nasty if you're also both lawyers.ISFJ.

Guardians/Si types are not necessarly focused on their own past, they're focused on traditions and upbringing. And the fact that you have "strict standards for how people should behave" is a testament to that.

Guardians are the glue that keeps civilization from collapsing into itself.He's a gentle giant.

ISFJ.You're too individualistic, so probably INTJ. 

An unhealthy type tho. You need to develop your Te in order to act on your plans and stop daydreaming them.ISTP.

They're the lowest income earners and many of them drop out of highschool.I suspect that people who want to be other type are unhealthy.

If you have high self-steem liking your own type above all others makes the most sense. Why wouldn't you want to be you?Germany: ISTJ - quiet hardworking types.

America: ESTP - merchants and sensation seekers.

France: INFP - romantic idealists.

China: ESTJ - ambitious businessmen.

Canada: ISFP - live and let live.

Israel: INTJ - independent thinkers.

Italy: ESFP - passionate people. (Rome had an ENTJ culture tho)

Spain: ESFJ - family above all else.

Japan: ISFJ - tradition and honor.

England: INTP - contemplative thinkers.

Russia: ISTP - fierce survivors.You sound like an ENTP.

To an ENTJ his work is his hobby and they don't poke holes in people's arguments for the sake of it, that's an ENTP's butter and bread. They love to argue and joke around.Everyone is bad at reading INFJs because they're quiet and only lower their guards to people they trust, so they're usually misread by other people as ISFJs.

And the worst type at reading me, an ISFP, are mostly leading or auxilliary Fe types.INTP.

Intellectual but lazy.He's also aiming for his next divorce with Amber Heard because he heard that's what humans like to do.In ancient times people who didn't obey the law even for small crimes or questioning authority were executed.

I imagine that's what made SJs more adept at surviving. Their comformity and tendency toward stability.That and people who are interested in MBTI *wanting* to be intuitives because they're perceived as "better" and more unique.

Particularly, in the internet a lot of people want to be INTJs due to their "mastermind" creed.It doesn't put food on their table.Hmm... all the INTPs I know get very visibly excited when talking about things they like.

To me the emotional robots are the ISTPs. And ISTJs when it comes to their stubborness ("What do you mean there's another way? does not compute!!")

If anything all NT types are cold in the sense that they look at problems from an utilitarian perspective and morality seems to be secondary to most of you.Yes, but I include Ne types too.

Sensorials are simply more numerous than Intuitives, we're 70% to 30%. So if there's a case to be made that introverts might be overrepresented on the internet, I don't think the same goes for intuitives, intuitives are unusual everywhere.ISFP and depends on how punctual the other person is.

Sometimes its useful to be to late as a powerplay or to make a statement.You sound like an earnest and reliable ISFJ.

One of ISFJ's main weaknesses is not knowing when to say "no", so sometimes people take advantage of your agreeable disposition.

INFJs are more long term, so their Fe doesn't always translate to being friendly, but doing things that they presume (using their Ni) will be beneficial for society some day. Hitler, an INFJ, really cared about the germans in his own twisted way.If you have a good relationship with your parents you could always talk to them.

Extroverts don't really have a way to deal with isolation other than spending time with people, any people, so hit your local gym, go to public events, join a club, etc.Fi types certainly value frankness and authenticity, but ESFPs above all things, like people who do not bore them.

So in this particular case you don't really have to be all that honest with your opinions, you just have to be funny and interesting, even hilarious bullshit will work with ESFPs.

Being all direct and formal will actually work against you with ESFPs.ESTP.

And she doesn't sound all that unhealthy, just kinda immature. Its common for ESTPs to start shit to fight boredom, be bullies/dominant and also have a high opinion of themselves.Your partner getting fat.You sound more like an INTP who became unhealthy.

A healthy INTP would realize that part of making life bearable for yourself and others is acquiring more knowledge to find a way to use it in favor of all.Beautiful.Yeah, a Fe type.Both of my parents are guardians and I have a rational brother.

I find a lot of common ground with my ESTJ mom, my ISFJ dad perplexes me with his narrowmindness and inability to say what he truly thinks and my INTP brother monologues about a lot of interesting yet completely useless stuff.INTPs tend to score the highest on IQ tests. ENTJs and ESTJs make a lot of money. SPs are very good at sports, playing an instrument and anything that requires coordination. Etc, etc.

So it depends on your concept of intelligence.Why not?

He was quite the visionary and had an inclination for the mystic and esoteric.Oh yes, I agree, there are some niche websites.

Fanfiction.net is definitely full of intuitives, the stories there are usually highly unrealistic and transgressive.Its the closest match.

And I like to bring him up because he's not what people usually think about when someone mentions the INFJ type.Extroverted people think out loud, introverts are contemplative.Basically any extrovert from the artisan and guardian groups, smart (ESTJ) or athletic (ESTP) enough to make it to college.They're funny in fiction, but insufferable in real life because most of them are lawyers and like to argue for the sake of it.He would change ideologies very often and his advisors would communicate for him because he's either too shy, incomprehensible or busy writing philosophy.I think most people would agree one must not follow stupid rules, then again the problem comes when you realize most people are stupid hence the need for rules.tl;dr: be born a soulless judgemental type instead of a lazy perceiver type.&gt; Considering the richest individuals on Earth are all introverts

Considering the richest inviduals on Earth are a minority it means you don't know how averages work.

Also Bill Gates is an ENTJ.True.

Then again, we also tell that to people who lack social skills a la Sheldon Cooper.You're smart Trump, don't let anyone tell you otherwise.If you doubt you're most likely a P.

Judgementals dislike uncertainty.&gt; You also have to call out his melodrama. Him tying the trans movement to Maoism is like me tying a newborn Russian Blue to a raging lion. There are technically ties, but they are not the same thing.

Or tying Conquistadors to the ideology of "the man as the individual."

Conquistadors served their Kings, Catholicism and their nation as spanish subjects. They rarely got to keep most of the gold, not everyone was a Cortes, most conquistadors were just poor people following orders.

Not exactly what you would call an individualist.Gas the N types, mbti war now.That's why spanking works with T types, concrete evidence that you're in charge.From personal experience, ENTPs tend to be misanthropic people-pleasers.

They want to be well-liked but hate themselves for it. That's the reason why they usually socialize in an antagonistic way.Because INFJs are the most batshit crazy of all types.

Carl Jung and Osama Bin Laden were INFJs too. So are most people who proclaim "the end is nigh."&gt; Open to new experiences - he was a fucking artist! Or had artistic abilities, where wouldn't he be open?

The part where he exterminated jews, slavs and even german left wingers?

Fascism is a close minded ideology.
All of these are so accurate. My brother is a ENFP and hes always using janky builds that hardly ever work lol. This is pretty neat. [The ISFP One](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxSxuq9Z-6o) sounds like something Flobots would make. Sounds a lot like me.1. I've been told that I'm a crazy driver, but I like to think that I'm a good driver.

2. Yes

3. I'm usually in the moment, but I daydream from time to time. 

4. I always have music playing when I'm driving, it just feels weird if I don't. 99% of the time when I'm driving by myself I'll be singing or dancing like a dork.

5. No

6. ISFPMeh, mine was lame. Can someone make one for ISFPs that is actually mean? Don't be gentle.haha, thats awesome. Yeah, I showed my ENFP brother this and he was not a fan.Yeah, I probably do lol. I have a bad habit of speeding and turning really quickly...It doesn't bother me but a couple of people have complained about it.All the time lol. My dad is an ISTJ and he is always jumping out of his seat or grabbing onto things when im driving (usually when im breaking for some reason...). agreedMonsters Inc is one of my favorite movies of all time...I was 6 or 7 when it came out and I used to watch it almost every day. I also loved Finding Nemo, Ratatouille, The Incredibles, Toy Story, Wall-e, and even Cars was pretty good. There isn't really a Pixar movie that I disliked, although I thought Inside Out was kinda meh ( I probably would have loved it when I was a kid though).ENFJ?I guess I'm the odd one out here. I love sports and I get sucked into almost any sport I watch (I was watching golf the other day and I've never even played real golf before. Someone was watching the Indy 500 when I was at their house and I got sucked into it even though I thought I hated nascar lol). I'm super obsessed with  all things NFL (Fantasy, Stats, Draft, etc.). I don't know what it is about sports that causes me to get sucked into them, maybe its my competitive nature....Caffeine mellows me out and helps me focus. Alcohol mellows me out and makes me more talkative. Most people say they cant tell when I'm drunk, but I definitely can.I dont think I try to act sober, it just comes across that way. I guess I can just handle alcohol better than most, must be the German in me haha.

I agree, when I'm drunk it feels like "the real me". I'm less reserved and I say things I might keep to myself when I'm sober. http://i.imgur.com/TnQRX6v.gifvTravel Blogger, or owning a small coffee shop.At the end of the day, some people are just shitty pieces of shit. I've found out that I cant change anybodies opinion on issues like this, so why even try? I just try my hardest to be a good human being, and hopefully others will start doing the same.No, I found it hard to watch. Shes intentionally provoking him for her video. She keeps asking "sir can you please tell me where my destination is"....Bitch he told you already, get out of his damn car!Goofy - ENTP

Witty - INTP

Dorky - INFP

Bubbly - ESFP

Frank - ISTJ

Affectionate - IDK, Everyone except IXTX

Sassy - ESFP, ESTPBecause I'm retarded lol. Ill fix it. http://i.imgur.com/O5Zv2qN.gifI got INFP, you are also kind. Which is what I always test as, but I just cant relate to any of the INFPs I've met.ENTP.

Based on your description of him he seems to use Ne and Ti as his main functions, and seems to have underdeveloped Fe.Thoughts? Whats a thoughtIsfp's are described as hippie painters who drop acid and dance around in fields. Unfortunately that is not true.
come at me brodies, Se or die until proven otherwiseDon't try to live up to someone else's definition of "cool".  Chances are you already do.21/40.  give or take a few points cause i probably gave some wrong answers.  i'm definitely a narcissist to a degree (people giving me loads of attention for my artistic ability fuel(s)/(ed) that) but i do feel like it's way more controlled than it used to beENFP. on the other hand I still want my precious Se ;-;that would be fun as fuck too.

edit for elaboration: i appreciate the hell out of both ESFP energy and humor and ENFP i-don't-give-a-fuckitude + being unique without trying too hardhow the fuck did this give me ESTP lmaoalright this test confirmed what I already knew, but holy fuck some of these questions are written in a really vague or roundabout way and were a pain in the ass to answer definitelymy dad's insecure and my mom's a total weenie.  i got a ton of shit from my dad (he criticized a lot of habits including mundane shit like tone of voice when i get angry or excited), but i got better at sticking up for myself, which also means that i'm worse at anger management than my dad is and i sometimes become really domineering and nasty towards both of them.  i'm not proud of that but i really need to get out of this fucking house for a while. 

having a sibling to talk to helps thothank you.  it's probably not as critical as i made it out to be but i will do what i can.  i really like long walks around my neighborhood sometimesloads of them lmaoyou might be right.  he's an Ne user for sure, he always struck me as being more Te than Ti though but this video may be a weak example, idk

edit: or i'm totally offhe's not a close friend (more of a friendly acquaintance) so that not really something i can gauge so well.  &gt; deliberately trampling Fi sensitivities 

oh yeah i do that all the time

that shit's fun as hell and i highly recommend it to all my Fi dogs out here, just saying&gt; People who get in the way of an important task for a reason like "I don't like how you spoke to me"

fucking thank you holy shit

i get this a lot and it legit feels like people are trying to shut me down and be passive aggressive about it
readthrough #2 um

yea people who enforce the rules blindly fuckin suck ass

some of these probably apply to me but i cba to think through them all lol
first guess is ESFPum idk how to feel about this postthough if you're fascinated feel free to ask questions of me or any other ISFP here - i'll start by saying that in my life I just do me and anyone's welcome to join in what the fuck even is the STJ one lmao

is op stereotyping STJs as bronies ori do tho ;_;

inb4 i was mistypedwell shiddhuge music nerd here, i listen primarily for sound and if i want to sing along, i peep the lyrics and if i like em, cool, if not, not cool but w/e

edit: rap being the half-exception - i like plenty of lyrical rap i can listen to for the message/narrative and with non-lyrical rap, i'm just enjoying the vibe and always listening for ridiculous one-liners

&gt; Ni/Se is reflected in an emphasis on a narrative (long-term storyline) or formal quality (e.g., individual moments may seem bland except when seen as as building up towards something or playing a role within a larger architecture)

i feel like this is me when i form an opinion of an entire album i've heard

though i do make note of standout moments when i listen to albums in case i wanna listen to those again2/10 i s2g this is some SAT shitwhere do these percentages come from anyway?well um..I don't think of myself as being very flirty but then again idk if I come off like that.  i do get bubbly and hyper-positive sometimes

(oh yeah I was kinda flirty in the 8th grade and I also sucked at it)wow this cut deepgod damn boifuck

you got mewhen the ESTJ says that one's resume matters less than the presence one brings, what function is that coming from?so that's for Si-Ne. on the flipside, would "having presence" be instinctual for Se-Ni?because reddit sucksmy one enfj friend is bi so this checks out&gt; Being a type that leads with introverted feeling means that you are able to understand emotional processes on a deep and intuitive level. While others are struggling to make sense of the seemingly illogical human behavior that drives relationships, politics, economics and just about everything else human beings engage in, you are able to take a step back and put yourself in others shoes with terrifying accuracy and clarity. Your understanding of the human condition is as impressive as it is effortless and it allows you to understand the truths and intricacies of the world in the ways that logic cannot explain.

wow this is some shiti gravitate towards fun people usuallykanyeezypersonally i would type taylor swift as a SNEKum....when i think about art and aesthetics and trying to match my art to a certain theme..........i think that's Ni in action, idk thouso it's like...extreme skill in an area? tbh your grandpa sounds a lot like me, &amp; people would probably consider me musically talented in the same way he is but I know I'm not a Ti userthat was a little long but the last paragraph made sense and helped a lot, thank youneither lmfaoi feel this a lotI'd prolly say my favorite color is Magenta.  I also like really light blue-green sometimes18 y/o, the idea of being committed to people has never resonated with me tbh.  definitely been infatuated and flirted a bunch but typically that passes within a year (at most)because the internetignoring the astrology (I'm a libra), this description is very accurate to me also. Hmmwheres the correlation, if i may ask?that just seems like Te dom/just plain sadistic shit to me, i don't rly get specifically ESTJ vibes from that.  

(this is based on my understanding of functions alone, i also dont know any confirmed ESTJs so idk)punch that bihok but his bro has Se which is easily more funaw poor bb 😢😢😢😢😢😢

interesting read tho - lots of good info in here, thank u

question - could one be compulsively sadistic? is that a thing?are they direct opposites though? (ignoring the types they're associated with)all good information! i was mostly asking all this so I could look at it in relation to myself since I feel like I've acted sadistic before (maybe not ESTJ sadistic tho, since it only happens when I'm pissed off and I do it to reaction-bait people)holy fucking SHIT aight im definitely not this (even though this is describing a personality disorder, which isn't necessarily a personality trait in and of itself) - i must be overthinking it

also hearing all that said by a text to speech voice made it doubly scaryI mean, I thought i have this problem to the degree that I would lash out, watch them get mad, try to test the waters to see if they get madder, and then at some point I would crack and immediately feel bad n either apologize or let it go entirely - going off this discussion, actual sadistic people would seem to want to keep that train of shit going for days after the fact, nah?

honestly I think my case comes from daddy issuesain't an ESTJ but dragonforce is dopealso dank meme All Star by Smash Mouth is kinda ESTPGood guess, and that's very like me also.  tbh i initially guessed he was an Ni dom/aux because of the way he fleshed out his ideas.

[here's another video of his](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cDTlGl4wVc) that i feel like is more Ni intensive.[the contrast between the Ne and Ni explanations is incredible](http://i.imgur.com/VuLpQtn.jpg)Myself - look at my flair

Mom - INFP

(the rest is guessing)

* Her parents - both ISFJs

* Her brother - INTP

* Her sister - ISTJ

Sibling - INxP

Dad - IxTJ (he's Ne-cautious around me but seems to like expressing Ni in political discussions n shit? Idk he's prolly ISTJ)

* Aunt - ExTJ (she likes traveling and eating exotic off kilter food so I initially guessed ENTJ but idk)

* Uncle - xSTJ or jaded xNFP 

* Grandma - xSTJ? (she's Si as fuck and likes to assume that idk what I'm doing)

I sometimes feel like the most adventurous person here - at least in my immediate family



I'm bad at guessing types but I think you're an Ni useryeah after several readthroughs i'm thinking maybe ISFP or INTJ for you but idkDamn u were hot before 😢[what the fuck is up motherfuckers](https://imgur.com/a/SnzF1)issa gunVERY hotI'm so flattered omgidrk - you did say you liked "active" activities somewhere in here but that's not a strong eno7gh indicator of Se.  this post screams Ni over Se though especially when you said you don't notice your physical surroundings but you remember concepts easily. have you considered INFJ?[eh here's another photoset](https://imgur.com/gallery/z954x)Ahhhh I gotchu now - much 💞 2 u n the clean machineayy which one?oh thank you! ooh you got a pic with Hannibal Buress, automatic 10/10omg maybedope biceps n tat my guy &lt;3ayy

It's your friends' birthday! Are you the kind of person to organise a suprise party?

* Nah but i would show up for a good ass time

Would you go to a concert abroad just because you like the band and wanna go more often?

* haven't done this b/c of cash restraints but i would 

Do you enjoy lots of meetups with friends?

* i would prefer more tbh...with alone time in between for sure

What about art?

* art is good shit and i like looking at it especially if it's abstract or just cool lookin and i should make more of it tbh

Do you use a planner?

* only for school

would you step in a train right now for a last minute dinner at the other side of the counry?

* haha yeah but more for the train ride than for the dinner

Do and think or think and do?

* depends.

Hobby?

* music mainly
ha! ISFP is correct, good job.  tbh i wasnt sure what sort of guess would come out of those answerslmao what makes u say that 🅱othat looks like an emoticon tbhwhat makes you say inferior Fe over PolR Fe?&gt; I know my main flaw is I get irritated easily by irratinalness and I snap.

to me, stuff like this said PolR. you might have a point thois this a dick wagging contest to see who can write the longer post orwell shid :OChief Keef's entire discog hell yea - personally I view it as self expression 

though I'd be naked more often if it didnt piss my parents off :/i do the problem focused method more and it doesn't alleviate my anxiety at all tbhur dad sounds like a trash ass motherfucker

i mean, parents typically are and I also feel like there's a huge layer of disconnect between how they view one's relationship with your SO vs how you view it, no matter what kind of parents one has

ISFP and every ExxP type is lit

also ENTJs are pretty littythanks so much dude.  the bridge burning shit really only came because gasoline rhymed with clean but hey I could end up making it fit and I'm glad u liked itslipknot are okay imo.  also is Corey Taylor really an esfp?i feel like the way someone thinks + the way they process their world = the way they make art, music, poetry &amp; whatnot
right there witcha buddy

also yes you should quit.  you as a human are more than a bunch of arbitrary labels anywayISFP, ESFP, ISTP, ESTP

alternatively switch the two introvert types around maybe??relatableif it bangs I like itI've only ever gotten drunk by myself and I've just been really tired &amp; felt rly silly - it feels amazing n definitely improves my mood if I'm sad

actually considered an ENFJ pal for a drinking buddy once but she's on a sober streak rn &amp; I support that

that said hmujohn cenaummmmm

* Kanye's not a J anything
* Eminem doesn't seem like a PolR Ne type to me
* Taylor Swift is an ESTP
* Trent Reznor is an INTJ
* i don't think Bruno Mars is an introvert but idk

that's all I got.  also everything that /u/gelfsara said sounds rite

&gt; they've all had crazy sex drives

dude that's fuckin wild I'm soldhonestly they can be funny as fuck sometimes and I appreciate it(kanye voice) this is way too much i need a moment* imo Swift seems more feels-y because it's a part of her character she tries to convey in her music and image.  ENFJ could be right but i see her Se being waaaaay higher than Fe 

* really, Reznor as ISTP? fwiw The Downward Spiral is basically Ni-Fi loop, the album

* Eminem could be an ISTP though. Though I don't really see someone with PolR Ne as [capable of doing this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPcR5RVXHMg), he definitely leads with Tithen ISFP might also work for Trent?cold, non-emotionally driven doesn't mean specifically Ti.  im still defending INTJ here

"when I'm touring, my brain's in a mode where it's usually just executing" = aux Te as fuck

"staring at a blank page and saying "I have to write the best thing ever" // "at the time when fame presented itself to me, i was not equipped to deal with it in any way, and i had a built in sense of not being good enough" = Ni &amp; Fi af

"dealing with smart people with a common goal is a fun process" = most xNTJ thing ever, also the metaphorical language he uses ("the clay i sculpted this from" &amp; describing the music business as being "decimated" by the internet, i feel like viewing aspects of the world as structures being built and destroyed is VERY Ni-Te)

also listen to The Downward Spiral it's great
ayy no problem! #1 is something i should do better with also.  i really think a lot of this came down to that I'm better with listening to someone to type them, and you're better with reading text.  that makes sense.  enabling the ESFPs

at least that's me"Sorry, this page isn't available.

The link you followed may be broken, or the page may have been removed. Go back to Instagram."

Might be

I'm feeling ISTP is a more likely guess never said he was 🅱oTyping Rappers masterpost:

Kanye West: ENFP probably 

Jay Z: INTJ

Drake: ExFJ

Pusha T: ExTJ

Kid Cudi: INFP

Future: ISTP (same with Chief Keef)

Gucci Mane: ESTP

Travis Scott, Young Thug, Lil Uzi Vert and XXXTENTACION are all ISFPs (oh yeah and so is SpaceGhostPurrp)

Migos: Quavo is ExTP, Offset is ISFP, Takeoff is probably ISTP?

Desiigner: ESFP

Lil Yachty: IxFP

Denzel Curry: xNFP

MF DOOM: ENTP

A$AP Rocky: ESTP (high Se and Fe for sure)

A$AP Ferg: ESFP

Kendrick Lamar: INFP

Schoolboy Q: ESxP

Vince Staples: ENFP

Run the Jewels: El-P is ENTP, Killer Mike is ENFP (probably ENFJ? I can't really tell)

feel free 2 reply with more





that's interesting. source?ahh gotchu. Ftr i love three 6 mafia but never paid attention to any of the lyrics rly.  time to change that i mean

the deepest I've gone into Juicy J is Underground Vol 1 and Mystic Stylez, where initially the lyrics were background material/complimented the sound, and his recent solo hits which came across as regular ol ESTP rap shit.  now that i look at Underground Vol 1 again it gets Ni/generally intuitive as fuck (and not just from Juicy J, from every rapper on here really) so ENTJ kinda makes a lil sense?ooh sickAndre 3000 - NF something

Kendrick - INFP

Justin Timberlake - ESFP

Kanye West - dom or aux Fi

Lil Wayne - ESFP

Pharrell - INFJ or ISTP tbh that's probably a shot in the dark

Drake - Fe dom"You are INFJ
You are also Good"

yah um hmm yyyyeah umlmao ur not, they are some bullshit

like how are you gonna get an accurate measure anyway? theyre accurate to a degree but you aren't accounting for a whole bunch of untyped people which make up a whole bunch of missing information that throws the stats off base.  

SJs kinda do run shit thovery official and strict sounding, like they're in get-it-done mode 24/7what else is new&gt; .He has a unique sense of style 

&gt; 3.He dances/paces around when listening to music 

&gt; 7.He is good at reading emotions

&gt; Though he is now outgoing, as a kid he was attached to me and didn't really like playing with other kids.

&gt; He can feel the energy in the room when me and his father argues

ISFP as fuck&gt; 52. I love indie rock

tfsurprisingly little - I definitely cry under stress/pressure, I cry out of guilt and out of feeling let down too, and I cry over sad music too. also, people being understanding of me when I'm down makes me cry more and I rly don't like it but it happens :/

again i don't cry often but when i do its really a sightUhhhhhhhhh

Donald Glover is an extrovert

Eminem is an obvious Ti dom

I wouldn't narrow Vince Staples down to ExTP, he screams Dominant Ne way more

ASAP Rocky is an Se user

I have no clue about Chance the Rapper - going off his music alone I would've guessed xSFJ - ive heard other people who go off his interviews say ESFPalso [I made my own big ol post of rappers' types if you wanna take a look at it](https://di.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6253dz/typing_musicians/dfqbd57/)that's funny bc I didn't hear Lance Skiiwalker's project but I heard Anthony Fantano review it, and he said it was incoherent, random and directionless - which people would normally associate with NeUm. The way he raps. Xxxtentacion's violent tendencies as well as constantly making empty threats is Se guarding Fi.  Also [in this interview](https://youtu.be/Dj9_yrMXMJQ) his "I wanna be the greatest artist there is" attitude is textbook Fi &amp; Ni. and ISFPs tend to live by "Don't box me in"

Travis Scott has really obvious mobilizing Ni - he expresses himself through getting lit (Se as fuck) while not straying from the whole Rodeo aesthetic he set up for himself (and he doesn't back it a whole lot through his lyrics or anything, it's very much "this is my aesthetic because I think it looks cool")I'm finna watch this holupokay I see Ne in this - more guarded Ne than an ENFP would have but Ne nonetheless.  interesting  &amp; how would you type Ski Mask the Slump god? also ENFP or?Ne =/= "intellectual"

someone's bitterNo fucking clue

Se (especially xSTP) seems good at off the dome generally, but Ne can come up with really interesting ear-grabbing linesuhhh.....rappers of both functions.....exist.....and.....rap in different ways.......I've got a question of my own - which types of rappers tend to spew a bunch of consecutive punchlines &amp; pop culture references off the dome? There are some rappers which I would type as Se users but I've leaned towards Ne users because of this (e.g. Migos) and I'm not sure how right I am.  is it related to Si by chance?It's alright bbc I still don't get it.  it's like the one function i still don't get.  and the only way i can spot it is like if someone is fairly calm n doesn't tend to lose their shit easily

edit #2 - also that they're not very personal most of the time 
Mom: ENFJ
Pops: ISTP
Oldest brother: ISFJ (we don't get along AT ALL)
Younger brother: INTP 
Youngest brother: ESFP/ESFJ (too young to truly tell)
Ya girl: ISFP

I have also recently stumbled upon a list of all my extended families MBTI types made by my MBTI obsessed INFJ aunt. I found that almost ALL of my aunts and cousins that are married ended up marrying their opposite type..... WtfI don't think I've ever met a male ISTJ but I've always wondered what it would be like with one. I have a female ISTJ cousin and we get a long swimmingly! They seem like cool people- very level headed and dutiful. And my ISTJ cousin is surprisingly really artistic. And ESTPs are so fun! I adore them That is fascinating that you got a long best with the ESTP. You are totally confirming my hunch that opposite types work really well. And that's crazy I wouldn't think that an ESTJ out of all the types would be a chronic liar. But like you said I guess it's an individual thing!I can relate! had a brief and fleeting relationship with a very unhealthy ESTP and he was one of the most manipulative person I have ever met. But I'm glad that you found happiness with the ENTJ. I'm looking to find myself one of those rare Pokemon as well. Well I'm glad that you were able to maintain a friendship! 
And yay ISFPs! we'll treat yah right and bake you pastries and paint you pictures :) Yessss! NTs are my weakness no doubt. I think I'm far to underdeveloped and immature at the moment to attract them tho...

And that's so funny that your ISFJ hides his feelings! My brother is an ISFJ and he represses his feelings to the point where he has gotten himself into a gnarly Si-Ti loop. It's truly heartbreaking to see. The best thing I have found for him is just to give him lots of affection and tell him he is loved (profusely) and he usually ends up opening up. I think ISFJ males have a hard time growing up in a society where hyper-masculinity takes precedence and it makes them guarded... But that's just my theory. Hahahaha! I had to look up what "vacuously" meant. You INTPs are so clever. My mom is an ENFJ and she is the least mysterious person I have ever met. Super predictable. My INTP brother is always pointing this out to her too hahaha. Butttt I have known her for 22 years so that doesn't count.

 *Anyway* I can see how XNFJs would compliment and INTP in many beneficial ways. I wonder why you tended to drag them down? It seems like if anything you would help them develop a healthy amount of spontaneity/carefreeness. ISFP:

When I enter into a new work environment my coworkers will tend to say I am shy but very sweet

When I'm meeting new people in a casual environment people will comment that I am very laid back and "chill" (I hate that word) (it literally just means that I am existing at room temperature)
 
*aaaaand* when I'm drunk I turn into a raging ESFP and people will tell me that I am a **FREAK** (in a good way). That was a wonderful analysis of your type dynamics! So articulate and eloquent... 

I bet it's very nice having someone who is knowledgeable about their MBTI type so yah'll can bounce ideas off each other and see where your functions are coming into play like you said. You seem like an outstanding couple! INFP but calmer, ISTP but lovelier, ISFJ but colder...

Look who cashed in Dear god this is so accurate.  I don't think so! He's entirely too cerebral and elusive in his dialogue. I think it screams INFP. If you want to see the poster child of an ISFP look up nearly anything on Jimi Hendrix. The dude bleeds the modest/simplistic/doesn't know how talented he is mindset that is the quintessence of the ISFP. Alas, I am biased. Sounds about right!As Fi Dom I usually get over rejection instantly as well. I haven't experienced much of it tbh because I don't put myself out there. With breakups on the other hand.... that's a different story. ENFJ mother ISTP father I am simply curious what types yah'll have dated and which types you had (have?) the most successful relationships with. Also, which types you seem to attract and what types you are attracted to. And obviously list your type if it is not in your flair. Please feel free to be as detailed as you'd like!

For instance I have dated many fellow ISFPs and rarely had any success. The longest and most successful relationship I have had was with a very turbulent ISFJ.

I seem to attract ISTPs (this has always baffled me), E/ISFJs, and INFPs.

I'm insanely drawn to ENTPs and ENTJs 


aaaaannd yes I know that typology does not define relationships and is no way to measure the how successful said relationship will be *yada yada yada*
ISFP: social, self, spatial. I wouldn't have guessed social for myself since I'm pretty quiet and withdrawn, I do get lonely though and I like to learn from othersI think it depends on where the motivation lies. Like a T might have figured out how to extract the maximum value out of their friends and act accordingly, where an F might feel like they're owed help because the world has done them wrong. I've known moochers of multiple types, they are all extroverts though.  Introverts would probably be really uncomfortable inviting themselves to move in to someone else's home.It's just the font used that has a backwards N. If I'm not mistaken anyone can make and sell t-shirt designs on redbubble, so it was probably just some amateur using their most favorite funny font.Lol I like the distracto girl oneIt's commonly described as subjective values, so things like treating others how you'd like to be treated, like treating your fellow humans with dignity and respect. It can also be things like responsibility for oneself, or critical thinking skills if you have learned along the way that these are important things.


But I don't think it's only values, for me I experience Fi as a compass or a guide for navigating life. It keeps me away from "danger" and draws me towards what's good for me as a whole person. These good/bad value judgments are like a means for survival. I'm instantly repelled by "bad" people that could drag me down, and I'm drawn towards people/things/cultures that I admire. "Bad" could be anything that goes against what I have come to value, like people who don't think critically, people who are controlling, people who take advantage, etc. What's "good" tends to be whatever I feel the most comfortable, free, enlightened etc. around.


edit to add: I think the "selfish" idea could be that Fi isn't going to default to having compassion for something that could be dangerous or doesn't have the user's best interest in mind. The psycho killer may very well have had a terrible life or a brain problem, but you're not gonna see me trying to help that dude out, I'm gonna stay far awayy. That's an extreme example but the principle is there.Nice I'm glad it's accurate to your experience, it took me forever to figure out that I even am an Fi user because the descriptions and stereotypes out there suck ass.Very good yes :}After hanging around here I started testing as an N more and more often... damn subconscious tendencies!Mbti is awesome for figuring out what to do with your career.  My immediate family consists of a history professor, a dentist and a chemical engineer, so I was set out onto the college path trying to do some respectable career and never was able to hunker down and finish. I felt like some sort of lazy asshole. The Kiersey temperaments are what turned me on to the possibility of just going to a trade school, it wasn't even on my radar. So now I'm about to be a hairstylist and it's the best fit ever for me.  It doesn't even feel like work, I spend a lot of time visualizing colors and cuts for upcoming clients, I get to transform people's heads into finished projects that I can be proud of. It's great.Only a change of perspective is required to get some "thick skin" about something. I think all types can develop this ability, but maybe T types have the perspective by default where Fs like me have to switch to it as a coping mechanism.The ones I'm pretty confident about their types were ESTP, ENFJ, and ENTP.

The ESTP was a freeloading moocher and I only stayed with him as long as I did because we had a decently fun social life but the nickel and diming finally got old and I had to dump him. The ENFJ was cool at first but he put his roommate before me and always wanted to please evverryybody including his female friends which made me feel like "am I even special?" He was also into a bunch of new age crap where he believed he was some sort of ascended-consciousness higher level human. Also I need attention and he worked too much.  My current SO is the ENTP and it's pretty much perfect. We're coming up to the 6 year mark, we're both strong perceivers and we're a team with our personal growth journeys. He's taught me a lot of things that make sense and he keeps track of current events so I'm not ignorant about anything, he is a rare person who "gets" me. And I get him too! Love:)I'm a terrible liar, it's like I *want* them to know I'm lying.https://youtu.be/tzSEd7e6tdcSome S things about me: I dream about real life, my dreams are so realistic that sometimes I get them mixed up with my actual memories.  I enjoy driving even in traffic, it's like I just get into the flow of it and am aware of the other drivers around me.  My environment needs to be somewhat nice and respectable otherwise it'seems depressing and I'll want to leave. I guess you can call me shallow in that I only really want to be friends with people who are attractive, I like unique individuals with their own style and I feel kind of embarrassed being seen with frumpy people. I prefer hands-on learning and always find myself in physical jobs. I don't get analysis paralysis, I kind of just jump into things.


Things about me that are supposedly less S-like are: I am a lazy-ass, you're most likely to find me laying in bed with my device resting on my torso and bending my neck up in a not healthy way. I am drawn to interesting ideas that are at the forefront of human knowledge, like I get excited about mind blowing theories.  I am perceived as weird and hard to read like I say random things that make people go "wut?" I'm on my own wavelength and I actually seem to make connections with some N types because they get me. My worldview isn't static, it's just a constant growth of wisdom. I'm more of a fangirl/consumer of the products of thinkers and scientists, rather than being able to figure out that stuff on my own or getting into time-consuming discussions/debates about it.I get intp on that one :\ the only test that types me correctly is 16personalities.I knoow! I like when people post their results that have like almost 100% on each dichotomy to prove what they already identify as.For me I get moments like [this](http://www.kappit.com/img/uploads/20150108_173558_.jpg) every once in awhile like my brain just takes all the stuff swimming around inside of it and figures something out. Some of these momentary realizations have been really wild and unrealistic though.  

I am not sure about the overpowering wit thing...  I'm a subtle troll with my humor but my delivery is gentle so I don't make people feel attacked.  Usually it's like other people in the room on the same wavelength as me get the joke, but the person it's directed at doesn't realize a joke even occurred. I don't like to hurt people's feelings so it's not like I go around trying to overpower people with my witty judgments, that's kind of rude.
I like how INFP is just a recycle bin for hopeless cases. "There's someone you can't type? Probably an INFP, LOL."

I don't think that's a good way of going about it, dear. You'll have to be slightly more methodical.ISFP.

I thought the OP reeked of confirmation bias.

&gt;Not everything is anti-INFP.

But I feel INFPs definitely have it worse than other types, in this subreddit at least.To PoLR Fe's, every type could be mistaken for a feeling type, and having an incomplete understanding of thinking/feeling only contributes to that. There's nothing stopping you from being an ESTJ as far as I see.&gt;I'd say Anxious-ISFP

Can confirm.Which is a genuine shame in case of ESTJs, they're often portrayed as annoying or bossy characters. In reality they're more often than not amazing people, from my experience at least.&gt;INTJs will sometimes use words no one has ever heard of just so they can demonstrate their intelligence.

Not 'just so,' yes I notice my INTJ friend using big and unnecessary words - from my perspective, but it's definitely not just that. I found that if an INTJ has recently learned a new word, it will be on their mind, consistently so, and they will just use it whenever context comes up and even without appropriate context.

It's just an extension of their obsessive, one-track qualities. The healthy ones, at least.Same. I don't lie but I don't tell the truth either. I just settle for being brief.
I'm guessing ENTP. The indicators that gave it away for me were 
&gt; You guys are fun to debate with 

on ENFP

&gt; I usually fight with this type because we both love to argue.

on ENTP

&gt; You guys usually like my loud personality but my sarcasm on the other hand you hate.

on ENFJ

which are all typical ENTP traits

plus some other stuff about being teasing/sarcasting/hating smothering/liking to break rules. Also your writing and the way you interact with people screams ENTP to me imo.Doesn't seem all that lovey-dovey to meMeh.Damn, you've got us. That's actually 98.75382% how it works.

(the clip worked for me just fine)Well, to me, it's not like we're hiding per se... Or if we are, then we're not as aware of it. It's how we are naturally. It's just that, usually, I don't feel the need to communicate ideas as much as INTPs for example do, and it's difficult for me to determine the right time to do it. It's like the pieces of information come out when we are comfortable, when the moment is right. There's no way I could just ramble on about something, especially when I don't have it all figured out yet. There's probably a lot more inside my head, sure, but it's all ''undefined''...

Btw, I have an INTP sister, and we are like best friends whenever we see each other. We have so much to talk about with each other and our thought processes really complement. Plus she never really makes me uncomfortable as we both like distance in relationships. We both understand each other's needs. She's so fucking sentimental though (and she knows it)

Edit:
&gt; needing to make our own decisions, distaste for judgement, a strong, strong need for alone/ reflection time...

strongly agree with thisISFP, going with the flow... pretty much all my lifeWhat kind of song would INFJs sing to their lover? 

N IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiiiiiiiIIIIIIII~I feel the same about having an N function as first, tbh.Well, I mean, same here :P I can't imagine myself being anything other than an ISFP, but I'd, for once, would like to see the big picture through the zoomed out lens that N-dominants have... and then revert back to my old self :p ISFP - Real Girl by Mutya BuenaNo matter how well my life is going, or how much I'm trying to improve my own life, there's still an underlying thought that there's something wrong with me

~~(I feel like this is the Fi version of the Fe ''nobody likes me even though I'm appraised by everyone'')~~Accidentally forgetting a friend's existence and laughing in front of a couple... granted, I didn't know the friend too much but we befriended really easily and I feel like I broke her soul :(

Also, the laughing/giggling in front of a couple happened accidentally too, and they thought I was laughing AT them *sigh*I relate the most to Morty from Rick and Morty, and to some extent, Ryuko Matoi from Kill la Kill, can't really come up with anything else atm.He displays a lot of typical ISFP characteristics imo. Dreaminess, absent-mindedness, laid-backness, awareness of the present moment, sensitivity, adaptiveness, social awkwardness, etc. Also I've seen others type him as ISFJ, but I see Fi-Se more than Si-Fe. He's good at taking action in the current moment (Se) based on his personal values (Fi) for symmetry you could choose intj. istp-infp and isfj-intj for complete functional oppositesnot to mention it completes the cycle of benefit = isfj&gt;istp&gt;intj&gt;infp&gt;isfj. (talking about socionics here)Socionics is another concept similar to mbti, it describes relationships between different types. 

The ''cycle of benefit'' I was talking about was just about how those types would have a beneficiary relationship with each other (according to Socionics), if INTJ was to be included.Ahaha. This so much. I have lots of thoughts going on in my head but I can't really put my finger on it and I just can't define or pick the right words for them for some reason, usually, and then I stumble and it makes me want to give up trying to communicate altogether. (It took me a while until I learned to communicate thoughts clearly to my INTJ friend, and it took a lot of patience and careful maneuvering.)I was just making plans to move into an apartment with my INTJ friend. Making plans for the future is not a very stereotypically ISFP thing to do, but for INTJ, maybe, yes. 

But for the rest of the day, I'm gonna lay in bed, read doujinshi, eat chocolate pudding and daydream, like a typical ISFP.For me it's the other way, I think. I analyze details first and come to conclusions later. For me making conclusions comes with being aware of the process of making said conclusions, so I can be pretty indecisive sometimes. *I wonder what is the best choice... According to how I feel now, this is what I would have chosen... But this might also be a good choice because of this thing... But I'm not sure, there must be something else, a flaw... I don't know... Can I really trust what I have been told?... Practically, either one sounds nice, but it's not like I really want either...* 

So my mind is focused on the individual puzzle pieces, not on the picture the puzzle makes. Analyzing the pros and cons of something is easier than solidifying a conclusion. Also, by rearranging the pieces differently, I might come to different conclusions than what I've made at first. This is just a hunch, though, so I'm not fully sure if it works like that, but it sounds pretty plausible.Me: ISFP (f)
Best friends: INTJ, ESFJ (both female)
Internet friend: ESFP (m)
Family: ENFP (brother), INTP (sister), ISTJ (mom)&gt; Here's and example: earlier today I held the door open for a group of people even though I didn't have to and they still would have been fine...I don't know why I did it. If I said that I did it because I "feel" kind doing it...that would be a lie and I would feel fake just saying that. I only did it because I wanted to help them out, not because of some moral dedication toward being kind. It's hard to explain.

omg I tend to do this too... you described it exactlyMy ENFP brother actually showed me this video a while ago and said it describes his mind perfectly: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=999Lz4b9myk&amp;t=1sISFP

The Birthday Massacre - SuperstitionI sometimes get intense Ni moments when I'm in bed and try to fall asleep... or whenever I'm alone and undisturbed I guess. I recall past events as if I hadn't had the time to process it all clearly, and also future possible events such as conversations with people, or meetings of new people and such. It kind of synthesizes everything, taking all the possible bits of information and working through it. Sometimes I even call it a 'rabbit hole', because one thought leads to another and another, until I reach a conclusion or get tired thinking about it. But most often I associate it with creating and running very vivid and realistic simulations of the future (possible) happenings, because that's what I'm thinking about most of the time. It's like I can experience everything before I actually have experienced it with people I have yet to meet. I think this is the best description I can come up of Ni (right now). Ni has taken a huge chunk of my attention lately and I spend a lot of time using it, especially when I have lots of alone time and I'm inside my head.That ISTJ description is spot on. My mom is an ISTJ and is the same wayMusic.ISFP

Cancer sun, Virgo moon, Leo rising

9w1 sp/sx or sp/so (i'm not really sure)

probably an 954/945

Blood type Balright, I'll post myself too 

http://m.imgur.com/9j2tccC 

ISFP 9w1From what I know, it should make me a very accommodating and peaceful, conflict-avoidant person (and it's true). Haven't looked into enneagram or 9w1 too deeply yet though.I'm an ISFP and my sister is an INTP and we get along great. INTPs and ISFPs seem to generally get along with each other pretty well (once they get over their differences ofc)"like magnets repelling each other"

Holy crap, I've thought of that same phrase when thinking about my relationship between me and the ENTPs I know. There's no other way to describe it for me. It must be the whole socionics conflictor thing, I guess. Nevertheless, good luck in your journey in understanding INTJs.lol, love the nyan cat screen. 

http://imgur.com/wbbuT9S 

Here's a candid photo of my bedroom. To me it's just the right amount of messy. (I also like to spend most of my time here) 

ISFP/19/FI used to way back when I was a huge anime nerd/otaku (see the painting I made). Now not so much (although I might do some more cosplay or sew stuff in the future. I like sewing):D Glorious, ain't itLazyISFP 9w1.

I had a diversity of hobbies when I was younger. Some of my hobbies included ice skating, gymnastics, ballet, swimming, karate, cello, floorball and horseback riding, none of which I do anymore this day. (I do play piano currently though.) I usually picked up hobbies and dropped them a year after because I lost interest. I don't usually continue with hobbies that I'm not extremely passionate about. 

My grades were much better in elementary school, but they started dropping once I reached junior high school as I adopted a more laid-back attitude towards school. I managed to pass high school with average grades. (I excelled at art though.)

I had two close friends throughout my childhood. INTJ and ESFJ (both are female). I met my INTJ friend in the first years of school and we became friends quickly. We befriended each other because we were both alone in school and we were like-minded in a way. We were the two reclusive weirdos in class, although I was the more confident one. Our friendship has had roadbumps and conflicts here and there, but we usually resolved them. 
I met my ESFJ friend at a family gathering and we also became close really quickly. To this day she almost seems more like a little sister to me, than a friend. She's really sweet and caring. We've become more distant along the time, but keep in touch now and then.

My future plans were way different from what I have now. I think as the time went on, I started dropping my interests one by one and started self-reflecting more. I don't really have any concrete future plans right now (other than moving out and finding a college), but I do think I'll find what interests me along the way.

My family life was (is) far from boring. There were definitely many kinds of conflicts and it has always been emotionally chaotic. With divorced parents and an emotionally unstable mother, my coping mechanism has always been to retreat into the solitude of my room. I had fights with both of my siblings before, but now we get along well and usually have fun times with each other. My family members' types are btw: Mom ISTJ, (Dad idk,) Little brother ENFP and older sister INTP. Recently my ESFJ grandmother has moved in with us, and she helped us organize ourselves a bit more but she's also quite demanding.

My reputation was, in the grade school, I was the emo-ish weirdo along with my INTJ friend. We were both reclusive and found it hard to relate to other classmates. I was also rebellious and genuinely couldn't give a shit about fitting in. My INTJ friend seemed to want to be a bit like others, but her cold and withdrawn demeanor didn't allow her. My reputation in high school was quite nonexistent. I was content being by myself, although I did have a couple of acquaintances that were friendly to me. I also had an ISTP buddy with whom I talked with several times. I didn't get into too much trouble at school, as my personality was for the most part quite agreeable.I'm not too big on correlation between MBTI and astrology, but I guess I'll add my two cents. I've found your that your theory mostly aligns with my experience (with a few exceptions*). Here's people that I know and their moon signs:

Fe users:

* ESFJ (close friend), Moon in Aries
* ESFJ (grandmother), Moon in Aries
* INFJ (piano teacher), Moon in Cancer*
* ISTP (friend), Moon in Leo
* INTP (sister), Moon in Sagittarius
* ENFJ (friend), Moon in Capricorn*

Fi users:

* ESFP (friend), Moon in Cancer
* INTJ (close friend), Moon in Virgo
* ISFP (me), Moon in Virgo
* ENFP (brother), Moon in Scorpio
* ISTJ (mom), Moon in Aquarius*ISFP,  play pianoStubborn, unwilling to consider new perspectives, deceptive, distant, cold, harsh, selfish, impulsive

I'm an ISFP and these are the things that come to my mind when thinking about my (potential?) bad sides.Lol, spot on

I always felt that my creativity shows itself when it's 'meant to be shown', so to speak... I don't know about the colleague though I don't know really but I can assure we're pretty chill most of the time... ^I^g^u^e^s^s^...I guess I am pretty sensitive, although would hate to show it. Certain things get to me now and then. Yes, although they're kinda subconscious. But they're still a central part of my psychological makeup, I'd say. I enjoy them now and then, especially if there's good food, music and nice people. Otherwise I'm not much of a party animal. I can't say I know any ENTJ's, much less been in a relationship with one. I've had an INTJ best friend though, and our interactions have been mostly pleasant, with some ups and downs in our relationship.weak Ni, sryI wouldn't really say my personality changes when I'm around different people, but rather show different sides of me through them. I'd try to adjust to people's personalities when I'm around them, but my own sense of self will still shine through. I don't really relate to having a particularly strong sense of identity though. It's fine. What I mean by subconscious, is that I don't really "notice" myself having any values, but they're still there. It's kind of automatic. They're like my core, that tell me what I should or shouldn't do. I don't have an idea of what my values are, I just have them. And I don't really consciously focus on them in my everyday life. If that makes sense.ik, it was a joke ´.w.`

but honestly, i don't really care if we all died in the next few years due to whatever... just please don't let it be a virus infection or something horrendousHaven't watched that. 

Reason: My attention is usually occupied by other things than watching TV shows regularly (not that I never want to watch them) and my interests aren't that diverse and more specific... (might check it out tho, idk)MBTI, music, piano playing, Durarara, fashion, sleepingI'm sorry for replying so late. I've needed to think about this, and yet I don't feel like I have a really good answer. Gah. But like another Se-user said in another thread, Se isn't much about thought like it is about action and awareness of physical surroundings... Like if Ne explores the possibilities mentally, Se would notice the different possibilities of action in the external world. Se is also about directly experiencing the world, Fi and Ni just add to it (or take away from it?). Fi-Se, to me, is constantly finding new ways to act in situations and new ways of ''dealing'' with people. It continually rejects the old ways of doing things and evaluates decisions and actions on its own.

If someone were to inspect my mind, if I tried to put it more abstractly, I guess, is that you'll find bits and pieces of information scattered in my brain, unconnected, with new ones popping in now and then while the others are vanishing. It's kind of important for me that they stay unconnected. But if you'd dig deeper, you'll notice that the pieces are connected to a larger picture or scheme, kind of like a collage or compilation. Se jumps from thing and thing and moves on from things really quickly and it's important that important things get dealt with in the moment, otherwise they will be forgotten. Se likes to have multiple choices of activities to do and things to focus on and doesn't like to be restrained. And then there's Ni working in the background, which gives a sense of bigger picture and meaning and also likes to create imaginary situations with imaginary people in my head, so that I could ''experience'' things before actually experiencing them. It also gives hunches and insights and instructions as to how to act in the future, in order to avoid mistakes relating to my moral code (Fi).

I haven't been using drugs and only been drunk once, so I can't really say, but I think when I'm drunk I seem to think that I'm in control of myself more than I actually am. (Typical right?) When I'm depressed, I'm not completely aware of it... I haven't really noticed the difference, I just seem to go through life more drained than usual and have extremely low motivation. I know that it's up to me to keep my emotional health up. There's really nothing that I could confide in others about.

If I could choose to be another MBTI type... I'm thinking INFP could be fun. I could keep my dominant function, plus experience my PoLR in a way that I never could before. (I also think that my family life would have been a bit easier on me if I had been an INFP instead of ISFP... since my family is full of Ne-Si users.)Immediate family:

Mom: ISTJ

Younger brother: ENFP

Me: ISFP

Older sister: INTP

Mom's side:

Aunt: INFP

Grandmother: ESFJ

Grandfather: INTJ

Dad's side:

Dad: ISxP? 

Aunt: ESTJ

Older brother: INFP

Brother's GF: INFJMy mother being an ISTJ, I feel like she helps me become more organized (or at least tries to) but it can become tedious as she likes micromanaging and controlling everything in the household, and she also believes she's always right, no matter what. When I'm not in the mood of following her orders and conforming to her idea of what I should be like and how I should live my life, she becomes extremely critical, cutting and snarky.

My ENFP brother has not had it better. He is cynical and sarcastic towards her with a touch of arrogance too. My mother's constant demands to do his schoolwork and to work towards having better grades does not help. My brother does want to improve (in subjects like math for example), but I think that he's just frustrated with my mom's very ISTJ way of dealing with him that goes against his ENFP nature, and I think he missed out on getting his emotional needs met that are fundamental for him (unconditional love for example). Honestly it's kind of painful to see how they both can be completely oblivious to each other's needs. They can work well with each other, but only for a short time until it gets frustrating for both of them.To be honest the hot topic/goth thing kinda baffled me too. Mostly because I've never been even slightly into that. My experience as an Fi-Se user is that I wear clothes that I think look good on me, not because they're a certain 'style'. I like some styles of clothing and fashion, but I usually just pick the clothes that suit me the best in my eyes. If I could describe my usual personal style, it would be cute-ish casual. I've read a comment where an INFP said that they pick the clothes they fall in love with. To me it's not really the same, although this doesn't help to differentiate them from outside hahaYou're an IxFP and you're not a cute gril? I'm sorry sir but you must be mistyped [I woke up like this](http://imgur.com/OdQCuUE)

jk. I'm just going to sleep soon again (ISFP btw)tank uInstant upvote since it's the first I've seen The Birthday Massacre mentioned here. TBM and Melanie Martinez are two of my all time favorite artists, I could listen to their music for hours."You have almost no good qualities"
"You are a murderer. You're causing me heart attacks" (after I'd put off washing the dishes for a bit... yeah.)  -ESFJ grandmother

She's also very self-righteous and was very disapproving of the way I thought, because to her everyone should be hardworking and community-oriented. ISFP and I've actually thought about doing that to someone, for shits and giggles. 

*when mbti becomes 2 real*ISFP, that I lack self-confidence. I've once been told (by my INFJ teacher) that it's like I'm constraining myself into a box... it's definitely something I had not realized it before, but when I look at videos or pictures of myself, I can see it. Somehow I really have trouble seeing how I come off to others, or psychoanalyzing myself. I might also be feeling some way but it's hard to get that across to others.ISFP and I like INTPs, ENFPs, INFJs and ISTPs. Not sure in which order tho.agreed. I could relate to so many things in here

(and I'm 9w1 as well!)ISFP

Rick and Morty: Morty

Durarara!!: Mikado Ryuugamine

Sleeping Beauty: Princess Aurora

One Piece: CarrotDo stuff you love. Play piano, knit, etc. Appreciate the simple thingsFor me it's the other way around, enjoying the moment often takes precedence over planning for the future, ahaha Ehh, I'm actually kind of in a similar place lol... How old are you? 

I've been meaning to start looking for a university and getting a car license... I've been telling myself to take action in order to accomplish those things, yet for some reason I still procrastinate and do mundane everyday crap, and I just get stuck doing it, even if it internally frustrates me *sigh* It's like my mind works against my bigger goals...

I guess no matter how hard we try to develop our tertiary function, auxiliary will always take the first place (over the tertiary) in our everyday choices... (unless we're over 30 or something, or looping)Oh I'm 19 as well (turning 20 in summer). I would've probably been studying inside a college or a university right now if I hadn't prolonged my high school studies. Anyway it's hard to get out once you're stuck (duh). And I would be annoyed if people constantly asked me what I'm planning to do in the future, bc it's usually it's just a general idea I have that fleshes itself out over time (hopefully). I'm rarely bored or lonely by myself, I'm considerate towards others and I know myself fairly wellBecause most of my MBTI knowledge is just that - what I already know, not what I don't know. So, I don't really know but I feel like Sensor subreddits would be just filled with DAEs instead of theorizing. I don't know if it makes senseDepends on which kind of party. For the most part I tend to stay as a wallflower and/or grab some food to eat if there are anyI'd say some of my strengths as an auxiliary Se-user, is that I live mostly in the moment so I don't have much worry/anxiety about things. Se also helps me be objective. Fi-Se helps me identify the things that are good/bad for my emotional wellbeing, so that I could use/avoid them in the future. I usually pay close attention to people's emotional states and can also "sense" what people around me are feeling at the moment, so there are fewer mistakes in terms of not trampling over other people's values. And as usually mentioned everywhere, Se deals with details so, yes, I take in every detail in my environment I can so that can help me memorize paths quickly and other stuff. Some of the drawbacks may include low-self esteem and self-confidence (That may just be me though).You can be interested in mbti without analyzing what ifs or how comes. The information gathering is just focused more concretelyknowing myself, probably quite rebellious accidentally deleted comment when I meant to edit... damn you mobile. 

Younger brother: ENFP

Me: ISFP

Older (half) sister: INTP

Older (half) brother: INFP

I don't actually have any memories of living with my older brother as he was living in another city as far as I can remember. But I get along with both my ENFP and INTP siblings well.to answer the last question, I stare at the computer/mobile screen and space outI'm bored as well but I don't know what to ask. Oh well, what's your favorite animal? Why? I'll Se myself out of the N room and go do random stuff then.No Gryffindors yet..? I'm one, ISFPSame, I do that most of the time. Except it's not usually what's going to happen next, but what could happen in a random place at random point of time. Or I imagine a situation that could happen at the same place I had been a while ago. I take the present situation and make altercations to it inside my head.I hate that I'm so unproductive and it takes me a long time to do something. I'm less grounded and probably more naive/idealistic than the average ISFP.ISFP and I like purple. I always get mesmerized when I see the right shade of purple. I view my functions as

* Fi- cold pink
* Se - (bright) yellow
* Ni - violet
* Te - red

It kinda fits with my development since as a child I always loved pink (especially colder pink) but since adolescence I've leaned towards violets and purples. 

Other functions:

* Ti - gray
* Ne - ???
* Si - dark green
* Fe - peachISFP and I do have these moments occasionally.I'm an ISFP and I can be a bit detached from reality. My INTP sister even commented that I tend to be ''inside my head more than her'' and kind of 'spacey' most of the time. I'm the most detached in family matters for sure. I've found that while my INTP and ISTJ family members are discussing ''concrete'', practical things, (INTPs have Si third in their stack, so they sometimes do that too) I'm usually just in the background either listening or daydreaming or having my own thoughts about what's happening around me/what people are doing. Thus I can appear a bit 'detached from reality' sometimes. Although all I'm doing is taking in information through my senses and synthesizing it inside my head (in order to form my opinions and/or plan for my next action). Anyway hope this helped/made sense.Here are words that I think accurately describe Se:

* expression
* experience
* exploration
* immediacy
* action
* reaction
* physicality
* novelty
* objectivity
* instinct
* presence
* improvisation
* adaptionI'm the only Se-Ni user in a family full of Ne-Si users (I'm not sure about my dad, but I don't live with him anyway). I'm also the only type in my family whose type corresponds with the stereotypical gender of the type. 

I'm an ISFP (female), mom is an ISTJ, my little brother's an ENFP and my older sister's an INTP. My older brother who lives in another city is an INFP. My dad's probably an ISxP (for all I know). I've been surrounded by Ne/Si users since my early childhood.ISFP: I wish I could skip the 'getting to know each other' part while forming friendships.I can find Ne annoying when it reads too much into what is not there. Otherwise I'd like to have more Ne myself as I'm bad at making connections.I'd describe intuition/sensing as unconscious/conscious processing, that focuses on either the unconscious parts by reading between the lines or the conscious/physical by observing what's observable.

The reason is, I find that when you try harder to ''be'' something, the more you have to use conscious processing. Let's delve into the mind of an ES/NFJ: 


You're in a situation that requires social interaction.

ESFJ:

Fe goal: please the other person.

Si way: use the methods that you know have worked in the past. Try to make the person comfortable in your presence and observe any physical cues that they need care. Be polite and approachable. 'Try' to be a good, caring person. In order for that, observe their physical language and whether they are displeased or pleased with you. Crack jokes that you know will work, based on your past interactions. Ask concretely about the person's life, what they have been doing, what they are doing now and what they are planning to do next. Focus on the person in front of you.

ENFJ:

Fe goal: please the other person.

Ni way: observe the unconscious psyche of the person. Figure out through your intuition what has been going on with the person, how they are like now and how they will act in the future. Use it to make conversation and inquire further about the plans and make the person feel better about themselves. Get to know the person better by asking about their interests and observe how they act. Focus on the idea of the person. See if how they act indicates anything out of place within the person's psyche (and if anything you can say or do can change it). 

These are most likely just guesses though, so take it with a grain of salt please. But this is my interpretation anyway. kind of agree with you on ISTJs, sometimes I just want them to understand that I'm not disrespecting their values, I'm respecting my own
(my mom is an ISTJ, and yeah, we argue almost every day)To be an advocate for individualityHowl from Howl's Moving Castle comes across as ISFP to me

(Same with Eren Jaeger and Christa Lenz from Shingeki no Kyojin)I like waffles with honeyI'm an ISFP whose most of family interactions consists two NP siblings and an ISTJ mother. I'm more laid-back and get considerably better along with my mom than my siblings do. Although we still argue a lot, I still quietly rebel against her way of managing things (and I've found my own ways of getting around her rules too). My siblings are INTP and ENFP and both get regularly annoyed by her lack of respect towards both of their own values. INTP sibling gets frustrated by my mom's desire to control and micromanage her life even inside her own apartment, and gets even more so when she tries to decide what to do with all her own things. My ENFP brother has stopped giving a fuck I think and frequently makes sarcastic comments towards her. The ISTJ-ENFP conflict is something to behold really. Neither of them really understands each others desires or needs or even values. They constantly breach upon what the other holds dear (for my ENFP brother, it's space and freedom and mental exploration, for my ISTJ mother, it's tradition and being orderly.) then get confused why they rebel against each other. I really don't know what to do with them. 

I get on with both of my NP siblings quite well, and I like them, although getting along with them has also demanded quite a lot of compromise for me. I'm usually comfortable communicating with my INTP sibling, and we talk a lot, I just sometimes have trouble understanding her wishy-washyness when it comes to dealing with people. My ENFP brother is fun and easy to be with although a bit demanding with attention. Nevertheless, I appreciate my siblings. When me and my siblings get together, the P versus J contrast gets really visible in our family dynamics. (Sometimes I even feel like the ISTJ is the misunderstood one in our family, lol.)

(PS. I also have an INTP boyfriend and a couple of INFP friends, so I definitely don't have a shortage of NPs in my life.)you are not sure if we have any questions about the new year and then we will not be able to see if the other day I will have the last week 

...and another one

I am so much better than the other people (LMAO) 

ISFPTrue, reality is too complex to rely on one or another onlyHere we have an INFJ that wants to look unique and an INFP that wants to blend in. There must be something going on here... My style aims to be simple/plain but trendy. It's most often jeans accompanied by a shirt depending on the weather, for example for cooler days I might wear a black turtleneck with long sleeves, on hotter days a purple V-neck T-shirt with patterns. If I want to look a bit more classy or stylish, I wear a black open shoulder shirt with wide sleeves and hems. I like my jeans because they make my legs look slimmer (and they're comfortable). It's summer here so I also usually wear black strap sandals with thin straps.INFP. &gt; having the capacity to conjure up a mythical being while successfully convincing the bystander of its validity as a living entity

I think it could be the Se interacting with abstract information in the present somehow bringing it into the concrete reality, making it seem 'real'. Just guessing here.Well I could say the same about intuitives "intruding" on our mind space. Uncomfortable, really.ISFP disappearance. It's extremely common for ISFPs to disappear from people for an extended period of time, for some reason, usually to sort through their strong, confusing feelings on their own. Later they might come back and act as if nothing happened. (I have observed this in myself, along with reports of many other ISFPs.)Give it to her clear that you care about her wellbeing, state your opinion calmly. "I think you... ", "Maybe you... ", "In my opinion... ", "I don't really think that's a good option because... " Be aware of sounding too patronizing.Hug: ISTP

Marry: INTP

Fuck: the rulesBy not being a gun? I relate to you so much. A lot of this hit very close for me, especially this part:

&gt; If I don’t think I feel I’m loosing the meaning, but If I make a decision it doesn't matter because I change my mind in the next day.

I love thisI relate to you so much. A lot of this hits very close for me, especially this part:

&gt; If I don’t think I feel I’m loosing the meaning, but If I make a decision it doesn't matter because I change my mind the next day.

I love this. Thank you for writing this out! :)One Piece is very S heavy, IMO. I'd say that the story itself has a lot of Se elements. There's lots of adventures, exploration, excitement, ever expanding world, new situations in every corner, very action packed, unpredictable storyline etc. Not to mention the detail that goes to the storytelling and characterization. 

Luffy is most certainly ESFP. Loud and bright, acts before he thinks (or thinks in action), likes really obvious jokes, he doesn't really get many ideas much but rather takes action first, which indicates Se dom rather than Ne dom. His inferior Ni pushes him toward his single goal of becoming Pirate King, while dom Se lets him enjoy and experience every moment along the way. 

While dominant Ne would think about possibilities a lot more, and inferior Si would make him reminisce things often. Luffy doesn't really do either of those, rather he takes every moment as it is. So I would think Se-Ni is more suitable for him. 

For the rest of the characters I could somewhat agree with their types.


(*--------SPOILER--------*)

 I'd also add that I think Big Mom is an (edit: *very unhealthy*) ENFP (or ESTJ?) and the sister (or nun, whatever) that raised her (forgot her name) could be an xNFJ. Not sure though.This sub isn't your SO, chill lmaoDon't give up, my older brother is an INFP and has played chess for years... now he's a master at it and has won some championships. :)1. I don't know, I'm kind of indifferent to it. If someone comes from the entrance, naturally my focus will shift on them, then back to what I'm doing. I don't really get the situation you are trying to describe, so I think it depends. 

2. I have no problem listening with both earbuds outside. Same with hoodies. I try to be aware of my surroundings, but I'm also in my head a lot.

3. I agree I don't lose things as much as others around me, mostly because I rarely misplace them. Nevertheless, there have been cases. 

4. I don't feel comfortable thinking too much, nor do I feel comfortable constantly doing, it has to be the right balance for me. I like to do things independently without discussing it with others, if the situation allows for it. 

5. I'm an auxiliary Se user, I can say I have certain "ambitions" but very low drive to accomplish them... I guess. But I can be opportunistic, if I see something I like or want, I go for it. 

6. Guess it depends... I don't really feel like I have a sense of self, rather it's something I'm constantly thinking about and trying to grasp (it might be because I'm an Fi dom)Too bad you didn't notice the antidote that was right beside the whole time. I don't know, but you sound just like my ENFP brother, albeit unhealthy. He has issues with feeling high and mighty amongst people too. Putting up a wall of self-defense when considering that he's hurt people sounds like something he would do as well. Ne is verbal SeISFP - Explorer

ENFP brother - KillerI think it's more the combination of your shadow Fi-Se. (Fi-Se as the top two only experiences emotion in the present, so it's relatable for me) I think experiencing emotion in the present is an Fi-Se thing (since Se is literally about experiencing the present) and not just PoLR Fi alone. You have Fi as the 7th function and Se as the 8th. Sorry if I came across as confusingJust because I'm a sensor doesn't mean I can't have complex imaginary worlds. You're just less likely to know about themINFJN = ideas

S = actionI agree[Uh, I'll actually have to disagree with that stereotype...](http://imgur.com/ZdwYGUv)




...whoops?Ne is more expansive in ideas, Se is exploring in a literal sense. "-) - interesting, is that your way of making smilies?I used to make lopsided smilies too, for example this one ^ ^ D . I would be amused to hear what prompted you to make that kind of smiley. :DIt seems like, to me, all the intuitive hate towards sensors is hugely based on the sensing functions' visibility and obviousness  the world. Which still doesn't make them inferior though, or their perspective any less validISFP, Cancer My ENFP brother and his (presumably) ESTP friend balance each other out quite well actually. I could see myself living in Japan actually, bwahahaIt... it all makes sense now. Someone send me there!She sounds more like an ENFP tbhMe: ISFP

Younger brother: ENFP

Older sister: INTP

Mom: ISTJISFP - You can't talk, but you can sing which annoys the crap out of peopleOk so according to Kiersey's theory, ESFJs are supposed to be one of my ideal matches. I'm an ISFP, and one of my dearest childhood friends was an ESFJ. Our friendship was very dreamlike and one that I could easily idealize. We kind of adopted each other as sisters right off the bat. She understood my interests and was great to make art projects with (* - *), and was generally really sweet and caring. We shared a soul bond kind of thing. We drifted apart because of differing life paths although we still have that same bond.Not to mention live life in the present! Ni Ne Ni Ne = they get crazy whenever someone does a physical actionlol, kNot seeing other perspectives or possibilities can be a high Ni thing as well. He also talks about his *ideas* of efficiency and inefficiency. I'm fairly sure he sees his system above others' and has an elaborate explanation why it is so, also an INTJ thing. INTJs don't usually bother explaining their systems to others, while ISTJs may be more forthcoming and including in group projects. Also, the Ni tendency to 'skip to the end result' shows in his way of approaching the professor on his own as opposed to first consulting the other members for it (''why waste time in useless details?''). In fact, I'm pretty sure you're searching for 'why' questions in his post way too much, as opposed to his actual behavior...I just recently befriended an INFJ friend online and it's the way you described, at first it's awesome and our conversations are good and we also have common interests, but then the "drama" part starts when we get into the underlying mechanisms of the interactions, I'm trying my best not to seem clingy and give her space but I also don't want her to worry too much about me, it almost feels like I'm in charge of the friendship (although she tries to hold out too)Usually 9s value mental peace and egolessness and so might not necessarily see something as worth fighting against. Also they repress anger and might fear the eventual moment they burst on people. (I'm an ISFP 9 and I can be like this)I would be interested in seeing a fight between Scrooge McDuck and Rick from Rick and Morty lolISFP, my friends are INTP, ENFP, ESFJ, ESFP, INFP, INFJ and INTP11:55

Man I hate communities... I mean those kind where there is an established idea of what kind of community it is and what people there are supposed to be like... like there's no room for freedom or individuality. Actually, I don't have any problems for their existance, it's just that I wouldn't want to be considered a part of that. But alas, I joined a drama club, and I think I'm going to get alienated... damn, why don't I have Fe. Would be so much easier. And I don't understand why people would pay so much attention to my emotions. I'm pretty sure I've made a lot of people hate me this past year. Like the time when I came late to the class... it's not my fault that my mind somehow decided to mess up the starting time of the class. Damn, it's still my beginning days at the school and I already feel shitty. 

12:00I think I'm fine with change as in moving somewhere, etc. I don't usually get sentimental and I generally adapt really easy. But if it's a change in my general lifestyle then I find it a bit more difficult. I wouldn't say I have "an inability to see through hidden meanings". Although I guess it depends on what they mean by "hidden meanings".I'm pretty sure I can adapt to almost anything, as long as I'm not forced to do something that's against my nature... By lifestyle I mean things like diet, exercise, schedules, religiously following something... I like to live my life day by day and it would kind of interfere with my independence if I ever started doing anything that was not initiated by my own, or something that I'm genuinely not interested in. Anyway, my lifestyle and my identity are things that I'm not willing to change easily, it must come from a 'core desire'. I can expand or add to them though. I'm not sure if I explained it right... 

Hidden meanings, if we're speaking about intuition, could be for example the Se-Ni kind, which is like 'I did this, what does this mean in the bigger picture?', which I do. Or it could be like 'I did/said/acted like this, what does this mean for this person?' (Si-Ne) which is more confusing to me.so what. maybe they're just jealous. stop twisting everything in favor of the intuitive bias lol

"So, maybe ISFPs can be so intrinsically complex that they would prefer to be seen as an obviously deep type, just so the point is made" I bet no one thinks of it like this. Lmao.*I   S   F   P*


...Seriously, this post just screams ISFP to me. The more I read, the more I was beginning to feel convinced you're one. Depression does not exist in ISFPs /sN is the 'idealization' function. Which means it idealizes everything from the other person to the relationship itself to the point a lot of N-doms on the internet tout and applaud it for god knows how much. (Ni idealizes internally while Ne idealizes externally.) Conversely other types, particularly Ns also tend to idealize and theorize about those relationships. The problems start when the idealization wears off and the reality starts to kick in. 

edit: I don't know much about socionics intertype relations but I'd guess it has to do with the functions and how they play over time. For example, supervisory relations are called as such because one has the other's dominant function as their auxiliary, or the "tool" function (supervisor), while the counterpart has the other's dominant as their weakest function, PoLR (supervisee). This creates a dynamic where one can use the other's strong functions easily while the other is blinded to the other's strengths. Me and my brother have this kind of dynamic (he's an ENFP while I'm an ISFP)Just express him/her your needsOne of my current best friends is an INFP, and we understand each other quite wellShe's an ISFP, in my opinion. 

The part that stood out to me was 

&gt; She’s good with logic and is interested in psychology and word puzzles, but she loses her patience when she has to sit and listen to complex theories or abstract ideas.[INFP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfJTqoabOi8)
[ISFP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61i_Uqtt3hg)

(^ music that reminds me of them)As for other types... (just for fun)

[INFJ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPWAjzR_z8A)
[ENTP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jssz6mi1m6k)
[ENFP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XwNYBT6eA8)
[ESTP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2yFWgF2SjE)
[ESFJ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnyEV9_-0Kw)
[ISTP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Q_3g3VCX4A)I often acquire social status without intending to. I guess that could be my aux-Se. As for my Fe, I'm a bit worried for it because I have no means to gauge what others think of me or how I'm supposed to act in social situations or how to even interact with multiple people at the same time... I'm always individual-focusedTouhou last boss themes for the types (from the Windows Touhou games):

**INTJ:** TH6 (EoSD) [Septette for](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJQ5HsXlPTo) [the Dead Princess](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5jP5ud3EyM)

**ISFP:** TH7 (PCB) [Bloom Nobly,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zis2TtxdFjQ) [Ink-Black Cherry Blossom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnuyHdWm7o8) [~ Border of Life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95YQQrqkX3k) (no doubt about this)

**ISTP:** TH7.5 (IaMP) [Onigashima in the Fairyland](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bzlrlsw9o2o) [~ Missing Power](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsZljtaDY3M)

**ISFJ:** TH8 (IN) [Gensokyo Millenium](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAy3nlATLkk) [ ~ History of the Moon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3LgiFPswzE)

**ESFJ:** TH8 (IN) [Flight of the Bamboo Cutter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw2WQjqKpVM) [ ~
 Lunatic Princess](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCGPxYS_F9g)

**ISTJ:** TH9 (PoFV) [Eastern Judgement of the Sixtieth Year](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGclPlKvF3s) [~ Fate of Sixty Years](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpnni5CIgBI)

**ENTJ:** TH10 (MoF) [The Venerable Ancient Battlefield](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITYCfbE76ZM) [~ Suwa Foughten Field](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3K-8Nwrj3k)

**ESFP:** TH10.5 (SWR) [Catastrophe in Bhava-agra](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVuHxCCtL9I)[ ~ Wonderful Heaven](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9TqtY29RVo)

**ESTP:** TH11 (SA) [Solar Sect of Mystic Wisdom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy_-7OXophY) [~ Nuclear Fusion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18sI28lq12k) (no doubt about this either)

**ENFJ:** TH12 (UFO) [Emotional Skyscraper](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmy6rcn_v3A) [~ Cosmic Mind](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEjolbA8evg)

**ESTJ:** TH13 (TD) [Shoutoku Legend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ykyz5tcJ-NE) [~ True Administrator](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1gt7Fbfd_A)

**INTP:** TH13.5 (HM) [The Lost](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZOnG5vAj60) [Emotion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7zJgVRnf8Q)

**ENFP:** TH14 (DDC) [Kobito of the Shining Needle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv1yYDzvFtQ) [~ Little Princess](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5vQ15orpAk)

**ENTP:** TH14.5 (ULiL) [Last Occultism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2DrKruxJUw) [ ~ Esotericist of the Present World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9_OVaT04n0)

**INFP:** TH15 (LoLK) [Pure Furies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgBoe_x9g2o)[ ~ Whereabouts of the Heart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQGTC6N80Zs)

**INFJ:** TH16 (HSiFS) [The Concealed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTlyTBP3hS0) [Four Seasons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzKCJZg5ULE)
Says the most annoying INFP in this sub. (or any sub really)Dude, I have the same problem. There are too many things I could talk about, so I end up saying nothing.I've noticed the soulmate kind of connection with my INFP friend as well, I think it's because the shared Fi dom makes us very comfortable to be around and feel accepted by each other, while one's auxiliary covers the other's weakest function, which for INFP is Se, and for ISFP is Ne.

Although I can also jive with ESFPs really well too. ESFPs are not shallow, they're just really uncomfortable with uncertainty (and existentialism). One of my best internet friends is an ESFP and we both like to talk and imagine about fantasy worlds ~~a lot~~ all the time. He's probably most like me in terms of thinking overall. &gt; ISFP:

I am.

&gt; 14-year old boy

20-year-old girl.

&gt; who has these "feelings"

A lot of them, and they change constantly.

&gt; never verbalizes them

True. (Almost)

&gt; and doesn't do anything else worthwhile either

Seems true as of right now... If we're talking about free time. I like enjoying relaxing on my free time.

&gt; Becomes disappointment to society.

I'm doing my best to keep myself on the surface, haha.

In short, you've almost completely roasted me lmao. Also, nice username.I've noticed the soulmate kind of connection with my INFP friend as well, I think it's because the shared Fi dom makes us very comfortable to be around and feel accepted by each other, while one's auxiliary covers the other's weakest function, which for INFP is Se, and for ISFP is Ne.

Although I can also jive with ESFPs really well too. ESFPs are not shallow, they're just really uncomfortable with uncertainty (and existentialism). One of my best internet friends is an ESFP and we both like to talk and imagine about fantasy worlds ~~a lot~~ all the time. He's probably most like me in terms of thinking overall. &gt; ISFP:

I am.

&gt; 14-year old boy

20-year-old girl.

&gt; who has these "feelings"

A lot of them, and they change constantly.

&gt; never verbalizes them

True. (Almost)

&gt; and doesn't do anything else worthwhile either

Seems true as of right now... If we're talking about free time. I like enjoying relaxing on my free time.

&gt; Becomes disappointment to society.

I'm doing my best to keep myself on the surface, haha.

In short, you've almost completely roasted me, lmaoISFP - taking everything too seriously, the big picture is a blurry, changeable thing for me... being confused almost all the timeI'm an ISFP and I recognized myself in every point (except the third) hahaLol I'm an SF and I'd be more interested in the NF things listed there than the SF things. An iNtuitive? Caring about *sensing feelers?*

**Pathetic.**

If there's any truth to the MBTIverse, it's that *iNtuitives don't care about Sensors*



... yes I am bitter ahahaThose percentages seem completely arbitrary and make no sense for me. I would've asked you to explain your reasoning on some of them (especially on why INFP and ESTJ are both 100% even though they are both completely different types? (Also ENFJ??) Also, why are ISFPs and ISTPs equally ambiguous, wouldn't you give at least a 50% rating for ISFP? Why 99% for ESFPs? And I don't think INTP would be 0%, I believe they do share something in common), I probably also would've asked you about your understanding of 'understanding', but, since 

&gt; These numbers are from my ass

I'm not going to do that.Music is a form of escapism for me. In music I mostly listen to the rhythm and the beat, the vibes(!!) and the atmosphere it gives me. I like a good combination of unique, nice beats and soundtrack. I'm attracted to dark-ish songs, chill songs but also hopeful and energetic ones. I like songs with ethereal/unnatural vibes. In the end it's all about the vibes and the feeling, it's as if the song could tell you a story even without the lyrics. 

Examples:

[Antenna Phenomenon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgfJeIKzHQA)

[Koumakan set 01](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx6hlQabgiw)

[Ayakashi set 13A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L87tmaJa9io)

[Rain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXzyEFJlwlQ)

[Diaries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njfp30naS60)mostly tumbleweedsRick - ENTP

Morty - ISFP

Summer - ESFP

Beth - INTJ

I honestly see them as kind of character examples for their respective types (well, maybe except for Beth)... So there you go. Morty is the typical ADD, socially awkward, stay-in-his-room-and-browse-internet and do-his-own-thing ISFP. Plus he usually makes decisions independent of the family and prefers to stay out of most of what he considers bullshit, which can be seen throughout the series. I'm not that sure about Jerry but I'd guess he's an ISFJ.I believe it's a reply to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/74c2kx/if_someone_copied_your_style_art_ideas_etc_would/)I'm living with an ESTJ landlady. The bossing around can be a bit too much, and you have to basically have INFJ levels of empathy and patience to get along with them. One thing I've found out why people tend to hate ESxJs so much: they're exceptionally talented at bossing around and probably would make good drill sergeants. Having tertiary Ne basically means they constantly find new possibilities on how to organize things and keep things orderly (Si). Just when you think you would be free, they find another thing that needs to be placed somewhere else, another favor for you to do. It would be hell for any freedom-loving P to be if they would get stuck in their command. And it's hell for the ESxJ if they don't keep things organized. They want to have a tight control over their household, and they often do. Their levels of organization can be admirable for some, horrifying for others. 

Despite that, I had to downvote because my ESTJ landlady is extremely kind, helpful and well-intentioned, is interested and supportive of my pursuits, understanding and has a good sense of humor on top of that. (And she has never yelled at me.)Cancer sun (12h), Virgo moon (4h), Leo ascendant. ISFP. I do think my star/sun sign fits my type really well, although I've seen Cancer traits being more commonly attributed to ISFJ more... I think the Leo ascendant gives a more ISFP feel for Cancer sun though.I'm an ISFP and I've noticed that I can normally get along with Intuitives individually, not that much in a group. If I went to a meetup (MBTI probably) and there were only intuitives, I would likely feel isolated and left out as well. I just want Ns to remember, that if I don't banter with them or engage in some kind of pretentious power play, that doesn't mean I'm boring or uncreative. On the other hand, iNtuitives will probably have a hard time appreciating Sensor fun/creativity because it is so "common place" and "can be seen anywhere, anytime".Music, watching videos, playing games, dance, performing etc.Oh, well. That is a possible activity too (though drinks will probably be involved too, I think) Kindness level: 99%

Text complexity: Low

Most used words: isfp, people, things, watchISFP - Goth/synth rock, darkwave, industrial, electronic, instrumentals, game/anime music, violin dubstep, basically anything that pleases my ears and gets stuck in my head for more than a day, [most recently] (https://youtu.be/-OqADo4RilE) 

edit: there was a time with my INTP sibling where we assigned electronic music styles/genres to ourselves according to what we listen to/like the most. 

INTP: Trance 

Me: House 

and ENFP brother: Dubstepthere are multiple mbti groups on facebook, actuallyOkay, it seems like commenters are interpreting the title as a question when it wasn't. No matter, this is how I see Ne at its worst/unhealthy Ne:

Is obsessed with the concept of imagination and creativity while not actually being that creative/imaginative. Uses very used and broad concepts in their "imaginations", like "where are you from? I'm from space! I'm an alien made from stardust!!", actually coming off as uninteresting to me. Its ideas are usually undeveloped. Has no mystery. Looks down on people who refuse to engage in their broad/obvious make believes (which they're going to abandon anyway). Feels superior to others just because they're willing to break rules at the slightest opportunity. Has a bad timing for showing their creativity. Has a way of twisting things to their own liking/to what makes sense to only them. Introduces the nonexistence of boundaries which makes me even more unwilling to expand myself. Can't let things "just exist", always has to edit them in some way.I thought external validation was more of an Fe thing.Same. I've also found out walking by them (and their gang) and saying hi cheerfully while smiling really brightly tends to have quite an effect on them.[How I picture blank hating on SFs.](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/019/304/old.jpg)r/shittyMBTI STJs would be more geared towards ballet dancing I think. My ISTJ mother was fascinated with ballet so much that she gave me my middle name after a famous ballerina (and tried to make me one of them too). I know it's just anecdotal experience, but I just think it's because ballet has its roots deep in the past and requires a whole lot of dedication, discipline and hard work (which sound like very STJ things to me).My mom is a clear, textbook ISTJ. Not sure about my dad, but he sees himself as an organizator (ISTJ). I'm ISFP, my siblings from youngest to oldest are ENFP, INTP and INFP, my godmother is ESTJ, my grandparents from mother's side are ESFJ and INTJ, and my other aunt is an INFP.ISFP (9w1), I've found [this](http://www.typeinmind.com/fise/) to be one of the more accurate descriptions. I don't know about all INFPs, but the INFP student in my drama class usually withdraws or makes excuses when you're supposed to do physically exhausting stuff, like playing ball or screaming. (The student is a pretty stereotypical INFP too.)&gt; drama classYou sound like a reversed version of myself. My problem is not that I find myself taking part in a shitty performance, but when I actually don't find it shitty and want to join, I can't. It always seems like I'd just make things awkward with my 'being myself' and feeliness, so I don't. The interactions seem too fast paced around me. I don't know what it is about Fe users or how can they disperse their own energy around so easily. For me it's always that I have to be selective with who am I around, my attention seems to always be focused on a single person or happening. This makes me seem withdrawn or socially retarded to others. My problem is not that I can't retain my composure, but that I retain it way too much around people, even if I want to let go. 

I think it's because of my Fi-Ni. I know there are Fi users who socialize way more easily due to their Ne (xNFPs). Or Fe users who are still community oriented but can withdraw from socialization at their own will (xNFJs). This makes being around people easier for them. Fx and Nx are both fairly psychic and people-oriented functions, while T and S focus more on 'cold' facts. Therefore if you have your F and N functions both oriented towards introversion/extroversion, I assume it would make the person harder to find balance within their psyche.Me: ISFP

husband: ISFP 

Eldest: INTJ

Middle: INFP

Youngest: ISTJ

A house of Fi users... that's nice, we wouldn't have to care about explaining ourselves too much. I don't think our family would care about outsiders' opinions at all, lol. Although I'm worrying if me and my hubs would be *too* chill/carefree/freedom-exercising lol. Bullying is not allowed at least, and the INFP child would get emotional support from us. While us trying to deal with the INTJ/ISTJ's demands. The TJs would bring balance to us FPs. All is fine (I think).Si focuses on what exists already. Se just tends to discard previous established things and experiences and focus on what they would like to do in the presentI'm ISFP and I prefer Te-Fi in people.

First off, let me start by saying that I don't actually hate Fe-Ti and that I can get along swimmingly with people with those functions.

I don't like a lot of things about Fe-Ti, an example them being two-faced (oh, let's be nice to this person and talk shit about them behind their back!). What's the idea?? Why do you do that???? It would be much easier and less snaky to be upfront about your intentions with people. I'd rather hear a person's honest opinion about myself rather than being presented with a mask. It's even more annoying when they think I won't find out about it and expect me to be harmonious with them afterwards.

I'm actually tired and frustrated (and depressed) with majority of the population being Fe-Ti and it being enforced everywhere you go. (Smile to strangers, laugh at their jokes no matter what because that's the accepted social norm.) It's like, people tell you to be an individual but also to suppress your individuality. I don't get the whole ''don't express your negative emotions'' thing. If I don't like something, why shouldn't I express my dislike towards it. Sure, I get Fe and I also use it from time to time, but it's so exhausting for me. It also seems like people with Fe-Ti have way too many expectations of people. There are also too many bullshit social rules that I can't bother attending. 

On top of that Fe-Ti users have no awareness of themselves... so while they might berate someone for doing something and being some way, they might actually do it themselves and they don't realize it. So when you point it out for them what they are doing, they are all like ''NO! I don't do that, wtf are you stupid!??!'', because to them everything they do seems rational and that they're the most rational person ever (which seems like a delusion to me). Because of that they tend to project and shift the blame to others a lot (Yes, Fe users, you tend to do that)  which is REALLY bothersome. Without the proper knowledge of yourself (Fi), you tend to reject the negative traits you have and project it to others instead.

Fe users often complain about having no boundaries and being used and walked all over, so why would you berate Fi for being what it is? Fi exists precisely to strengthen your sense of self so that you WON'T get walked all over and end up being emotionally depleted. I'm sorry if this is delusional and people actually like Fi (despite the overwhelming unpopularity), but I've seen a lot of unfair accusations towards Fi and a lot of (bad, and also incorrect) things being prescribed to them (which is another thing I dislike about Fe).You're not. As a Fi dom I wouldn't want anyone to know that I'm upset, I'd just rather coop up in my room to *be* upset. I know everyone uses Fi to some degree (and I might actually be wrong) but I think you might actually be a Fe dom (ExFJ). I think it's more Fe to be upset by your friends if you're not being invited to somewhere as typically Fe craves social connections. (But then again, I could see some (young, perhaps) ENFPs being upset over this too...)ISFP

kind

artistic

optimistic

adventurous

shy/reservedI'm ISFP and a type B. I can see how the traits of my blood type might come out in my behaviour (I can certainly be somewhat irresponsible although I've tried to control it). But I also don't like when people focus on it too much. Like, I get it, I've made a mistake, no need to beat me up over it.

I think B blood type might correspond more to ExxPs, but I think as an xxFP it can make me more fun to be around maybe. (I certainly like hanging around other xxFP's myself.)Ne: Anything's possible! (I want to dream!) 

Ni: Something's off, how can I improve this? 

Fe: Let's all get along! 

Fi: What are these feelings? Why am I like this? Who am I? 

Se: I want to do (spontaneous) stuff! 

Si: I have to get stuff done

Te: I want everything to work efficiently

Ti: How does this work?I don't know much about ISTPs actually, but I'd have to say that 'really obvious hints/clues' honestly depend on whether you're a sensor or an intuitive. And I'm not trying to be a [Sensor SJW™] here, I'm just saying that I think it's entirely plausible for a sensor to have the same experience about intuitives, regard completely different things as "obvious", and then perceive intuitives as acting oblivious to them in order to "irritate" them. Not saying it's true though, just shining light from the other side.a screen full of purple flowersHowl from Howl's Moving Castle. Probably. For me Ne is the thing that undermines my Fi. Because if I can see things from other perspectives, and see everyone else's perspectives then I can easily find flaws in my own thinking which leads to self loathing. And if you're wondering why it leads to self-loathing, it's just how Feeling/Fi works, if you don't understand your self-loathing then you won't understand it in others which paramountly decreases your empathy and ability to lift others up.I live with an ESTJ lady. I think she would have liked me to be an INFJ lol (well at least in the beginning)Yeah I mean she likes people that are altruistic, helpful, family-oriented, accurate, loyal and hard-working (may I also add warm) with lots of artistic qualities and emotional depth. It's the features she lacks so she appreciates them in other people. Somehow I got the impression that she was trying to mold me into an INFJ in the beginning (with how much she expected from me), but now she has come more or less to accept me as I am. (I might or might not make a longer post on living with my ESTJ landlady.) Te doms can come off as harsh and steamrolley but deep down they can actually be quite the loyal teddybears. (Btw I believe her husband is also an INFJ.) 

(edit: I should also add that it might also depend on the culture and how they were raised so don't expect all ESTJs to be the same.)I've never met an ENTJ either. Or at least knowinglyESTJ: Can you help me make this dish
 (casserole)?

ISFP (me): Okay *helps* What's in this? 

ESTJ: Meat, onion, carrots, cucumber, potatoes, tomatoes, pepper... 

ISFP: So basically meat and a lot of vegetables. 

ESTJ: Yes.btw, here are some random (text) conversations with some other types... mostly meant to show different communication styles with different types (because i tend to adapt) 

ESFJ: 


Her: what have you been doing? 

Me: not much, been trying to sleep, school, played piano and knit

Me: i want my drawing tablet xd

Her: you've been wanting a drawing tablet for as long as I remember

Me: 😂😂well I mean

Me: i DO have a drawing tablet but it disappeared somewhere

Me: i've been trying to find it every time I come to Imatra but haven't been able to find it x|

Her: aaaaaa

Her: how horrible

Her: well nothing you can do :/

Her: i hope you get a new one :3

Me: yeah 😓😓 and thanks, let's hope so 😅

Me: :3


ESFP:


Me: there's going to be a lunar eclipse

Me: soon

Him: When? 

Me: the day after tomorrow

Him: 😶

Him: The blue moon? 

Me: yea... if i remember right

Him: Holy fugggg

Him: it's like 

Him: Double moon trouble

Me: YES

Him: WHAT A WONDERFULLY LUNATIC DAY
 
Me: YOU DON'T SAY

Me: BRUH

Him: *excitement*

Him: Maybe I'll wake up on the MOOB

Me: HEHE

Me: *sends picture*

Me: I'm so jealous

Me: You'll be able to witness it fully

Me: *paruparu*

Him: HOLY FRICK

Him: IT'S A 4 IN 1

Me: since it only shows on certain parts of the globe

Me: YEAH

Me: JUST

Me: IMAGINE

Me: .


*cue talking about Touhou memes and random  fangirling shit about the moon on caps lock (don't look at us weird, it's just how we xSFP's roll) *


INFP:


Me: now should be the time for the lunar eclipse :o

Him: oooh! 

Me: *sends schedule*

Him: oooo

Him: :o

Him: no wonder I have fever when it's lunar eclipse and I'm Luno

Him: *Luno*r eclipse (originally it's a pun in finnish) 

Me: haha! 

Me: true xD

Him: then I'm going to faint at 15:30

Me: omfg

Me: noooooooo 

Him: xDDd

Me: heeeeelbbbbb

Him: 12 minutesss

Me: Luno's dyiiiiiiiiiiing

Me: dareka tasuketeeeeeeeee (someone help) 

Him: 😂😂😂


INTP:


Me: hey r u in helsinki

Her: lol i read are you alive (in finnish obv) 

Her: do u want food coupons

Me: löl

Me: yea i could come just for a visit too

Her: or i could visit you

Her: or you could visit my friend

Her: i wanted to introduce each other or something i guess

Her: you guys i mean

Her: idk

Her: bc you're like neighbours or something

Me: oh yeah :oISFP who finds some INFPs cringe here. But I agree that INFJs have been by far some of the cringiest for me.To me INFPs seem like 4-5 year olds sometimes. So sugary and sweet and sensitive. They are so fun and I love hanging out around them but I find myself sometimes wishing they made realistic decisions in everyday life too, or at least pretend they're making. One of the INFPs I know likes making excuses to get away from responsibilities all the time and tends to do stuff all other young people my age are (smoking, shopping, partying etc.) but still considers herself to be more special. And they can say childish stuff too. (Some of them can also be somewhat pretentious from my viewpoint.) Other than that I tend to admire them. But I also appreciate that we have our differences and (this is kind of irrelevant but) I think there's more to people than just their types. But types can also contribute to how well you get along with people so I consider them important to consider (heh)This thread is just full of inferior Te lol. (Also, I make a fair amount of money. Just saying.)heellolol I love xNTP's cynicism about Fi while they do the same shit themselves. I've literally been told by an INTP that types are changeable and that he doesn't like being categorized. While I myself don't mind being categorized. (Anecdotal evidence, but still.) People don't really hate Fi, they only hate the thing in themselves that Fi reflects back at them. 

But I guess people here will always love to shit on Fi regardless, just for shits, won't they.:D20Well that might be true, but my experience was that me and my former ENTP classmate (he was 100% ENTP) dodged the fuck out of each other in the elementary/middle school years. 

conflictors are definitely not for immature types...Recently, Ursula from LWASi users aren't exactly close-minded, they just tend drag everything they've been through with them (and in unhealthy cases seem to focus only on that, which can lead to close-minded behavior), I've noticed. (I'm talking about high Si users mostly)I might not really understand what the OCEAN system means by "openness to experience", but I can't really see Se being 'less open to experience'. As I see it Se *is* the direct experience itself, just in a less abstract way. I believe due to their inferior Se, INxJs are some of the least open types to actually experience things, in my experience (depending on their auxiliary function).Stop procrastinatingAlso Meowth.flying squirrels ftwomfg. yeah I liked the ISTJ-INTJ comparison. One's down to earth contributing to society, other one's up there doing their own thing. 🤷I think so. 

If you can recognize certain function patterns in characters (or in real people) then it becomes easier to type a character. For example someone's PoLR function should be fairly easy to spot I think. (Also, I think the important thing is to not only focus on the functions, but rather *how* they are used. You could easily become confused otherwise)ISFP and I don't care about my belongings enough to organize them too much. I just decide their place in the beginning and let it be that way. My desktop is messy as hell, but the bed and the rest of the room I try to keep somewhat tidy. I'm an Fi dom and I'm hardly nostalgic. Mine are lavender with white patterns. I think they're the most forgotten and misunderstood type, generally. It might be because they don't want to self-promote much. (Or they are just not interested.) Just because people have met some horrible stereotypical party-animal ESFPs doesn't mean all of them are. Se can be objective. My internet friend is an ESFP and he's a cool person, although a bit mysterious. He's also more practical than me I guess. Our conversation can be really fun, they usually revolve talking about fantasy and exploring the unknown and just being fascinated over the universe. (FPs are generally my favorite people to hang out with.) I can see some ESFPs becoming bitter and developing a complex though.I find immature INFJs much much more annoying than immature INTJs tbh. Sorry for not giving the hate you wanted, but INTJs are among the least annoying intuitive types for me. You should take note that Fe is also power, not just Fi. Fe is social power, Fi is individual power... Yeah I was kind of aiming for the most broken down, "purest" versions of these axes.[Me too, I love the rain](https://youtu.be/V-lkAXgRML8)

:&gt;Haha I like you ISTPs. :D 

(It does give you a spacey feeling alright)I do this but only when solving complex problems. My theory is that when you're making connections or trying to make sense of something, you're more inclined to talk to yourself. (Might be wrong though, who knows.) Ascendant - Leo

Sun - Cancer (12h) 

Moon - Virgo (4h) 

Venus - Leo (2h) 

Midheaven - PiscesWhy are EXTPs so arrogant, cold and insensitive? I've known only few ESTJs, and my landlady is one. 
What I like about her:

She's super caring, and supportive (and also cares a lot about caring). She does a lot for others, things I wouldn't be bothered to do. She's has sturdy and firm values, but is also kind and understanding. She likes to help people, but also has firm boundaries. She reminds me of stuff I would've forgotten a long time ago, and writes such thorough and clear instructions that even a toddler could find its way to something. 

At first I was quite intimidated by her, but then I found I got along with her pretty well. She is super understanding of people's personal space and the need to recharge. She generally isn't very demanding, unless it's for doing chores and errands. She lives with a husband who is also extremely introverted and still showers him with love. She does get a bit commanding and bossy but I'm willing to endure it because it's necessary and she gives plenty in return (mostly my need for alone time and recharge). She has helped me through difficult situations, practically, she always knows how to get out of those difficult situations calmly and helps me freely and most importantly, is understanding and doesn't shame my entire existence for making mistakes (mostly because she's aware of her own flaws and her stupid moments too, which is admirable).

Sure there are frustrating things about her too (they can be typical ESTJ things) but I really appreciate her and couldn't have gotten so far without her.

edit: I dislike my ISTJ mother but like my ESTJ landlady. I notice there is a huge difference between having Ne inferior and having tertiary Ne, the latter making ESTJs way more tolerant and open minded about people's quirks. My ISTJ mom can have her mind down right shut. Meanwhile my ESTJ landlady can actually be understanding and tolerant towards people's problems and what they're going through without bringing her own emotions and opinions into the picture (tert Fi).They're hilarious and effective but usually miss the point of being a human entirelyhow I experience my PoLR Ne:

Having been in a group of Ne people (3 with high Ne and 1 Ne inferior) I've noticed that I have trouble appearing curious or that I have something to contribute to the convo. Also, asserting my worth with puns/verbal assertion. I often just sit and listen and soak in the moment. I really do have trouble speaking out my ideas, and it can feel physically awkward and unnatural. I may not express my ideas even if I had the chance to do so, because I usually have to prepare what I have to say and then I have to look for when to interject it, it doesn't come out as fast and natural as with Ne users (who probably spit out ideas all the time). I usually present my ideas when asked to though.

(When I'm one on one with an Ne user though, I have no problem going along with Ne jokes, it's when I'm in a group I have trouble feeling like I could contribute anything)Ha, this post was refreshing. I agree with you completely.If you're sure you're an ISFP, you're an ISFP.The way I see it is INFP will use new ideas to build their identity. ENFP will use their identity/personal preferences for their new ideasMom: ISTJ

Dad: ESTJ(?)

Younger brother: ENFP

Me: ISFP

Older sister: INTP (mom's side) 

Older brother: INFP (dad's side) 

Maternal grandpa: INTJ

Maternal grandma: ESFJ

(Paternal grandparents: ???)

Aunt (mom's sister): INFP

-Cousin: ENFJ?

-Cousin's fiance: INTJ

Aunt (dad's sister): ESTJ&gt; It’s blatantly obvious/visible to me in other people but for some reason I have trouble with introspection and noticing what I actually use.

Then you might be an Fe-Ti user. They are typically more "aware" about other people than they are about themselves.Nah, my INFP acquiantance can't go a day without socializing and I'm perfectly okay being alone for days on end as an ISFP. So wouldn't put much stock in it. 

I know some people say Ne in ENxPs make them more introverted while I think my Se does the same for me. I love going on outdoors adventures alone, for example. The ISFP one is actually quite an accurate representation of what I look like inside... occasionally.Cool, now the next step is to not use the painter stereotype on ISFPs all the time...I was about to get annoyed at the "intensely selfish" part (as it's such a stereotype from the Fe users), until I realized that selfishness/selflessness is kind of a grey area/"whatever" thing to me really. I mostly want people to have freedom and to have fun, so it doesn't bother me if they are sometimes selfish. I realized that I don't really judge people by how selfish/selfless they are, but more how self-righteous they feel/are. It sticks out to me more than selfishness. I also tend to notice certain behaviors when people consider themselves better than others, and will judge that too (silently).Thank you! You were able to put into words what has been bothering me for so long. 

(although I initially thought you were going to complain about the sensor language itself, not about the concept, from your title)I can't do anything I don't want to do (without some external push). It's genuinely 99% impossible for me

Also, dwelling too much on my feelings and trying to figure out my life constantly.ISFP - Idealistic AdventurerThis is overlooked imo. Fi gets also accused of being self-entitled, although it most probably only looks like that because of Fe ignoring. As an Fi user I'm going to be rather cautious around new people and not very open like Fe users. (Although it might be my Si demonstrative as well, who knows.)

Also, I do think u/TK4442 's point about Fi being self-referential is good, I've also thought of it like Fi understanding others through themselves and Fe understanding themselves through others. Although I think it can be underestimated how Fi can sometimes throw themselves away when they see fit and just focus completely on the other person, and likewise Fe's capability of being self-absorbed. All in all I tend to see Fe as community-oriented and Fi as individual-oriented most often.Cool, I've been thinking along the same things, about tribe mentality and echo chambers. It'd be really nice if those didn't exist as much. The community would be less toxic. But I think I'd also want to know, how do I go about improving my Ne as an ISFP? Developing new interests?**[x] ESFP -** An internet friend and also one of my best friends. Kindred spirit. He's a sweet person. We met through Deviantart and hit it off quite well. I like to see him as a more grounded version of me. Sometimes I feel like my replies to him are lacking and I try to compensate through being logical and questioning. Fun conversations about fantasy worlds and magic. He shares a common interest with me that nobody else around shares that we like to fanboy/girl over so it's fun. We share theories about that specific interest. 

**[x?] ESTP -** I'm not really sure tbh but my ESTJ landlady's son might be one. Has a very intense aura about him. Seems like an athletic and active guy. 

**[x] ESFJ -** One of my former close childhood friends. We don't talk much anymore nowadays but we had a super close sister-like connection back in the past and were very comfortable with each other and had a lot of fun. She was so sweet and warm and was my artistic partner for a while. Unfortunately we drifted because she started being more social and seeking other connections and became more "superficial".

**[x] ENFJ -** One of my classmates in my current drama class. Very dramatic and outwardly egoistic but I can sense she's somewhat insecure inside. Very strong black/white opinions. I thought of her as arrogant in the beginning but later on found out we can actually get along well and be more supportive towards each other. 

**[x] ESTJ -** My current landlady who I lived with for many months. The ESTJ stereotype is a rigid, bossy, absolute rulebook following, close-minded drill sergeant. Well, she can certainly be bossy and rigid with some of her rules, but she's also incredibly warm and empathetic inside, and she is very helpful to people around her, doing favors to her own detriment. She never imposes any morals or rules to others and all the rules are her own. Although I think there are some petty rules (she's VERY health conscious, and wants everything in her house to be exactly clean and organized. She really thinks about placing her things) that can be frustrating to deal with as an ISFP, and I've expressed that frustration many times. But there are many good things about her too that made me tolerate her absoluteness. 

**[ ] ENTJ -**

**[x] ENFP -** My little brother and one of my classmates. The classmate is somewhat of a flirt (in a laidback way) and a socialite. Can talk to anyone. Naturally amusing. Every time he talks people are bound to find it amusing. I get the feeling he doesn't always intent to be that way though. 

My little brother is a bit sarcastic and cutting, far from the ENFP stereotype, likes to wear black a lot, plays video games and eats instant noodles a lot, intensely rebellious. Rejects societal norms but begrudgingly goes along with ISTJ mom sometimes. He and my ISTJ mom have a somewhat love-hate relationship, where they may constantly argue and clash but also support each other. I get along with and understand him quite easily. We're both live and let live types who hate too much rules and restriction. 

**[x] ENTP -** I've known quite a few ENTP types, but the most significant one for me was my classmate in grad school. He was a frickster, super annoying, didn't really like to think about his actions, ADHD, frivolous, talkative, liked to push my buttons and fish for reactions a lot (and I didn't like that, in fact I tried to coolly avoid him most of the time). We didn't quite understand each other and usually flew past each other's point. He even once proclaimed "I do not know her" when talking about me. I was more introverted and wanted to be left alone by him. My INTJ best friend was also very introverted and had a crush on him even though he was an asshole to her. I didn't think of him as charming at all (even though many people did), his energy really put me off at times. I couldn't easily be myself around him. (Now that I know more about ENTPs I understand more why he acted that way. But I still definitely wouldn't want to meet him again) 

**[] ISFJ -** (I've met many but never had a significant interaction with them as far as I'm concerned) 

**[x] ISTJ -** One is my mom and the other is a drama teacher. The drama teacher is cool and I feel like she has quite a grasp on herself and her functions. My mom is another thing. Very hardworking, controlling, fussy, detail oriented, easily angered person. She has frustrated me and both my siblings (INTP, ENFP) often and we frustrate her with our laziness and open-endedness. Most clashes with my INTP sibling. I know she wants us to do well but she can be ignorant of certain things in favor of what she believes is best. 

**[x] ISFP -** Me. Constantly dealing with a contradiction between subjective and objective reality. A girl who wants to live in the world she constructed for herself but is still trying to figure out the world and her place in it and who has a hard time planning for the future and sometimes doesn't see the point in it. Would rather live in the present but has a hard time finding people who would like to do the same. Sometimes feels defeated by everything but gets back on her feet quickly (literally and figuratively). Rarely pessimistic or heavily depressed. Depression seems to show in aimlessness sometimes. 

**[x] INFP -** I've met quite a few INFPs and somehow they seem to gravitate towards me. A couple of them were the quirky, cooky and goofy kind. One is a walking fairy. They might come off as arrogant to me but that's most likely due to differences in world perception. Most of them were big-picture oriented, were great to talk to and had a quick mind and a lot of opinions. I usually like them. But with some INFPs it's like... SENPAI CAN YOU PLEASE NOTICE MEEE ~~I'm right next to you why can't you notice me already sobs ;;w;;~~ Great people nonetheless.

**[x] ISTP -** One of my former high school buddies was one and he was a heccin cool guy. Kind of a laid-back hipster with that famous ISTP dry humor. Drew brilliant caricatures of politicians. I had been quite amused by his heatedness when he was expressing his political opinions. I could feel being on the same wavelength when we talked and it was invigorating. It was nice to meet a laid back present oriented person like me who didn't care much about details and who wasn't too "broad". We could talk about many things. I tried my best not to come across as too sensitive or clingy but eventually I felt like the tension between us became a bit too much for him. He was also more sociable than me as I was kind of a loner in high school. But it was fun hanging around him. 

**[x] INTP -** My oldest sister and my boyfriend and also one of my classmates. I find my INTP classmate's mannerisms cringy as hell, but it's probably because of his PoLR Se (seriously, I don't get how PoLR Se works...) But petty stuff aside, I get along really well with my INTP sister as long as we don't get into major conflicts. We can usually see eye to eye with each other but sometimes I feel like I have to compromise as she can sometimes can be really childish, selfish and stubborn and disregarding of emotions of people around her. She is a good adventure partner though. We have a comfortable communicating style.

**[x] INFJ -** I've met multiple INFJs throughout my life, and although they're supposed to be rare, I've somehow met more INFJs than INTJs or ENTJs. I also seem to have a Ni-Fe radar, maybe because of my own tertiary Ni and I can easily recognize the Ni look on someone. One of my former drama classmates was an INFJ and I could notice whenever she tuned out of reality and was in deep thought. Overall I think the flow in the drama class was too much for her and so she left (read: doorslammed) the class. My INFJ piano teacher liked to have long deep conversations during our lessons (they weren't probably that deep to her though) and called me an empath. I could tell she also liked compliments and admiration although she wouldn't show it overtly. She said she was very sensitive to people's vibes and emotions and that I brought a calming effect. We also talked about the importance of both being intuitive and sensing. It's funny how she already knew what intuition and sensing meant although she didn't know about MBTI before (I think). Overall I think INFJs can be misunderstood people. 
edit: I'm certain my ESTJ landlady's husband is also an INFJ, but I won't talk about him much here. 

**[x] INTJ -** I've only met/known two INTJs and both of them were female. One was my childhood friend of 10 years, kind of emotionally immature. She tried to drag me into her plan of moving into a new apartment with her and when that plan failed, she dropped me like we were never friends. It was sad, honestly. But I moved on. When we were together we didn't talk much but enjoyed each other's company nonetheless. But it also felt stale at times, like we were both neutralized. But it was also fascinating. She was less Ni-Te around me and I was less Fi-Se around her. But the Ni-Te became a bit too overwhelming for me and that's when things crashed. 
The other INTJ (also a dropout drama classmate) is a lot more emotionally mature, unfortunately also a bit misunderstood by people around her. She's a lot more sociable, even more than me. Kind of a unicorn really.I think it's just because of the opposite function orientation. If your tertiary is Fe, then it's opposite is the vulnerable, Fi. Jung has said that there are only four functions with opposite orientations. The graph just shows the conscious/unconscious (or as it calls, valued vs. unvalued) split between the functions.&gt; I don't think I have much use for it. It seems too niche and conspicuous to use in everyday life. 
...
It could be fun for locking myself in my room.


ISFP with [Haemokinetic Wall Construction](http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/Haemokinetic_Wall_Construction), and same. What is your relationship with the present? Do you like to think about the future or the past a lot? You seem action oriented and you say you like doing things so I'd say you're a sensor, plus if a lot of people think you're a cold, reserved person, then that leans more  towards being a(n introverted) thinker. Plus history, sports, tactics, technology and how armies are shaped seem like Ti-Se interests to me. Overall your description sounds very close to that of an ISTP. I could link the phrase ''I'll only speak if I have something to say'' to a lot of ISTPs, for example. I'm an ISFP so I'm a bit similar, I prefer observing people than talking to them most of the time and only give input when I feel it's necessary. (On a side note, my memory is quite bad as well...)

A lot of ISTPs I know seem standoffish to outsiders but are generally friendly and chill people once you talk to them a bit more. I don't know what exactly is the link between ISTPs and anger issues (or what could cause it), since I've observed it in so many of them (fictional characters included), so it's a bit interesting to me. Still, good luck on your MBTI journey and taking control of your negative feelings/anger! (I'd recommend you search for cognitive functions too as they should give more insight into your nature and how your brain works. The cognitive functions of an ISTP are Ti-Se-Ni-Fe.)

Hope this helped!

edit: I should add that the confusion between S and N is fairly normal for ISTPs and ISFPs, since they have their sensing/intuitive function in the middle of their cognitive function stack, making them fairly balanced between the two. It's also not abnormal for those types to mistype as an N type.You're welcome!

From what you just said, I'm speculating that you could either be a higher Ni type (say ENTJ) or an ISTP with a well developed Ni. You seem laid-back enough to be an ISTP, in my opinion. On the other hand ENTJs might be laid back too, who knows (although I wouldn't since I haven't met any of them). I wouldn't imagine them to be.

I can attest that having a focus on something feels great, and it's nice that you were able to find that something :D As an ISFP I've tried being focused for a period of time, but now I'm back to being scattered. Piano has been one of those things that has been able to keep my focus for a long time. Even if I change between my interests every once in a while, I still come back to playing piano ever so often.

I'm an introvert and I can find that last part relatable. I guess the thing is that we're all ambiverts to some extent, but in general extroverts will recharge with people and dislike huge amounts of alone time, while introverts don't mind it and will find extended socializing exhausting.

edit: (about the edit lol) I would guess that's your inferior Fe. Our inferior function often manifests in a very black/white, immature way and in spurts, you either suck at it or you might focus on it too much sometimes, there's often no in between. In your case that's socializing and interacting with people, which is commonly the domain of Fe. Imogen Heapto be happy

ISFPOP, I think you're an ISFP. &gt; ISFPs seem to not bend towards a different demeanor from my experience, but ISFPs I've met do come in sort of two categories. 

Can you expand a bit on those categories?Si is the function that focuses on the &lt;physical&gt; impression it forms about the external world; the influences the external world has on the person. This is where caricatures are formed. Se is mostly focused on its own influence in the external world. It's where "original expression" comes from. (This is about as accurate as I can get while trying to think of plausible definitions for Se and Si.)

(I think the same could be said about Ni and Ne too, except the impression is more on a mental, abstract level.)ISTP and ENFP are ''PoL(a)R'' opposites. Not ''direct'' opposites like I would call ENFPs and ISTJs, but still opposites. Your functions are flipped and reversed around to make a type most different to you. They're not said to be a good match, no. Some people like touting MBTI ''ideal'' matches like ENFPxINTJ and ENTPxINFJ, (or duals,) and like to talk down matches with opposite functions from each other, just because they're not *''supposed''* to get along. Truthfully it pisses me off. Why not ignore the type and function stuff for a while and go for someone you actually like, not someone you're *supposed* to like? From what we know MBTI is a flawed theory anyway (and yet some people are following it like the Bible).

In summary, my opinion is if you really like the person, don't let the MBTI theories stop you from pursuing that person and from exploring possibilities.SP - [Here Comes the Hotstepper](https://youtu.be/r3X_i627ELQ)Somewhat of a pet theory:

Intuitives hate their body being controlled. 

Sensors hate their mind being controlled. Eh... I wonder if the Se description could still be improved? Se could be more like "That's a fast moving car, I wonder what would it be like if I grabbed onto it's rear end?" or "I wonder if I could somersault over that car's bumper?"

Se is more than just five senses, it's the awareness of the present moment and physical action. Eh could be, but then again describing Se as only "describing all of the physical attributes of things" seems off to me, hence my last point. (Could be that you might see Se in that way though, idk.)Ni: 

"I mean, all things considered... "

Ne: 

"There are many reasons for why this could be. Firstly, ..."The thing about functions is that they don't only supposedly describe your cognition and how your mind works, but also the worldview of a person to an extent... like an INFP will usually, mostly have an expansive worldview because of Ne (extraverted perceiving function), as opposed to INFJ's Ni, which is usually more ''narrowed down'' and conclusive. (I believe this is the same with Si and Se.)He's not an ISFP... ISFP here! (female, average height, fairly slim) I wear jeans with a woman's v-neck t-shirt a lot too. I hate crew neck t-shirts. (I somehow figured out what a crew neck t-shirt looked like before I looked it up. Thanks Ni i guess lol) 

I often think to myself that I would like to buy some dressy clothes ever so often too but I'm usually comfortable with my casual clothes so I'd settle with them and I usually never found much that was appealing to me in clothes stores anyway. I'm fairly picky when it comes to clothes.Red = F

Blue = T

Yellow = N

Green = S

ISFPThere is really no need for us to want to be another type lol. Some types are really overshadowed by certain types in mbti communities but that doesn't mean we're less awesome :) (I'm a 9w1 btw)This is how I imagine ENTP-ISFP conflict would happen:

ENTP and ISFP are living together/roommates. ENTP (and some other people) are worried that ISFP is not doing thing X, because ISFP would rather do thing Y in the moment (because they're easygoing Ps). ENTP tries to convince ISFP to do the thing. When it fails, they try to "force" the thing (demonstrative Te here) on ISFP because they think the ISFP should do it because of growth or something.  ISFP, resisting being told what to do, retaliates against. Thus, commence great war of titans. (ENTP hurls insults at ISFP on how stupid and lazy they are and gets frustrated while ISFP, hating conflict, gets hurt and more closed-off, and ENTP gets even more frustrated at ISFPs hurt because they don't know how to deal with feelings.) 

In short, I'd rather not deal with ENTPs in work situations. It's possible they wouldn't like me either.I can be really stubborn and set in my ways. I'm also kinda bad at commitments and I procrastinate a lot. It seems like my experience of ENTPs has somewhat clouded my perception, or at least differing from the idea of ENTPs here. But I'm mostly basing it on the ENTPs I've met and characters like Rick Sanchez. I think ENTPs can sometimes underestimate how forceful they can be when it comes to it.&gt; Fi is about respecting and understanding individual human experience, it's about reconciling new sense impressions with an experiential conception of "good" or "bad," it's about honoring personal needs and boundaries in self and others. Their main drive is pesonal integrity and preserving harmony among inner psychological processes.

&gt; Fi doms are impervious to commercials because they wear whatever the hell they want. They're immune to social pressures and societal norms. That's where some of their weaknesses come from: They have difficulty fitting in because they dismiss outside standards, they're uncomfortable with external structures, limits, regulations, rely too much on their own experience for interpreting external events, and they have a high pressure to clearly define themselves and maintain their own identity, integrity, and values which can backfire.

If this isn't the most accurate thing I've ever read about Fi tbh. Fi-dom here and I'll be damned if I don't do this exact thing everyday. Seriously.Not an Ne type, but I do experience this sometimes. I'll be doing something completely new and all of the sudden it feels like such a familiar experience. I do not know much about contention (their excessive idealization without acknowledging the observable facts can at times bother me though), but for me, as a Sensor, and more specifically a tertiary Ni user, (and this might sound weird but) it often feels... awkward for me to use my intuition for some reason. Like it's broken or something. (Although, this might just be a me thing.) I've noticed I've put off many intuitives before with the way I talk, I can't really put a finger on it though, maybe it's because I'm so present all the time and have a hard time putting my thoughts into words, unlike intuitives... who just seem much more fluent at talking. Like, even if I agreed with the intuitive's worldview or tried to add something to the opinion, it just seems really fake and like I'm just making up my thoughts even if I'm not (or am I?)???. Anyway that's how I would describe my cognitive process and problems with intuition. Basically just a huge imposter syndrome when it comes to N. 

edit: I also seem to be immune to idealism, in a way. Although I probably am idealistic in my own way, but it's just so different from the N type idealism. (I've noticed that the tertiary function manifests very differently from the dominant/auxiliary position.) I've noticed that most N types are very broad in their ideals, and while I see little wrong with it, I am just not like that.My view of the PoLR function has always been like that one black sheep/outcast kid sitting in the back of your "car" (by this i mean your cognitive function stack) that you don't want to acknowledge is there and you generally ignore it but who also can make the whole system crash sometimes. Your view/attitude towards the PoLR function is (usually) supposed to be negative, as opposed to those who have it as a dominant. I could be wrong though. 

(PoLR Ne is still kind of confusing to me as to what's it exactly supposed to mean to me as I don't really identify with the other PoLR Ne commenters. Maybe it's the lack of looking for options and just going by whatever feels right?)Somehow I feel like the ISFP roast wasn't bad enough... I was expecting more. It was hilarious (and true according to another comment) anyway so it's fine I guess ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ISFP one is literally meI daydream a lot, even when doing things. &gt; There's moments when I see a person using Si, and it just makes me cringe. The person will either be misinformed or caught up in society's bullshit. They'll try something conventional, except the problem is conventionality doesn't work when it comes to certain things, because there's so many myths, misconceptions, false assumptions, and bullcrap marketing in our culture, and so many people are in a stupid rat race. Again, they're not stupid. Ne falls for things to, but when I see them do this, I can't help but cringe.

Oh yeah. I think I've had this happen to me recently too. I was in a situation where the two of them (my mom, an ISTJ and some other SJ authority) were using some kind of common Si language to talk about me where I couldn't get a word in. I felt like an elementary school student being led to the principal's office. You INTPs are luckier in a way because you actually *do* have Si, even if it's lower (so in a way, I guess, you're able to express your frustrations more easily because they're internalized). I just walked off right after we went outside because I was frustrated with the situation (I had nothing important to accomplish afterwards).

(edit: I don't mean use my functions as an excuse for my inability to communicate my frustrations, I'm just expressing my difficulties with Si as an Se type)

(edit2: I'd add that another clash I have with Si is just taking everything as it is instead of relating its significance to my life in some way, as most Si users seem to do.)First thing that came up to my mind was a small animal... then it was my sister. I don't know why, but I think my sister would be the kind of person I'd walk down a dark forest path with.lives in the moment and dislikes planning. haha. (most SP's can probably identify with this) There I go again

watching youtube videos

instead of studyingThat being said - INTJs can also care about being authentic and accepted for who they are. They do have Fi, and people's tertiary function is usually the one people care about the most (especially when it comes to being perceived as competent in that function). His confusion and inability to accurately judge the social climate and this 

&gt; How do I improve my relationships with my classroom? Is it even possible?

also strongly indicate PoLR Fe. 

I wouldn't rule INTJ out based in this. Besides, people often just seem to throw Fi-dom at anyone who seems the least bit individualistic. Which is stupid (if you asked me)&gt; Again, given how little information OP has posted and how rare INxJs are, it's fair to assume that he is most likely not an INxJ.

&gt; Also, he's 15. Discussing his type is utterly meaningless.

He posted little in this post, but you can most likely scroll through his account. I don't think it's illegal. 

Being misunderstood and perceived as a "weirdo" is commonly an INxJ thing, not an IxFP thing. 

You say it's meaningless yet you did it in your previous comment. I was just stating why I thought INTJ could be plausible. 

&gt; Hmm... Socionics. Might as well ask him for a picture so we can type him. Or maybe throw Enneagram into the mix.

I'm not going to argue Socionics and whether or not it's plausible. I'll just say that the 7th/PoLR/vulnerable function is often significant. 

&gt; People also throw it at people that desperately want to conform to the ideal vision they created of themselves on their head.

How sure are you about this, honestly? I've known a couple of INTJs and most of the issues he described in the OP seem like standard INTJ issues to me. I'm curious though, how is a 'normal' INTJ supposed to look like to you then?To them pure objective logic doesn't matter as much as their idealsISFP, Purple all the waymultilingualist (who ofc speaks my language too, or at least english)I'll say, it's rare to see people type people they think are stupid as their own type. I guess most often only xSTPs are objective enough to do that. I was putting my money on unhealthy ENTP though, I got a lot of PoLR Fi vibes from this dude.Yeah I can agree on ISFP. The odd thing is that a lot of the unhealthy things you described about her don't sound unhealthy to me. (Am I unhealthy myself? I don't know.) I've noticed that some INFPs have a more traditional streak that might clash with ISFP's "looser" living style.Well... it's more like I have a hard time seeing what's obviously unhealthy about her. If it's about being unmotivated and not a hard worker, yeah, I can relate to that, I'm like that as well - and I'm trying to work on it... but it's still really hard (and it doesn't come naturally to me). Also, I'll have to point out that ISFPs don't have Ne (or they don't use it as much), but Se - which means we'll look for physical cues in reading other's emotions before the more subtle implications, which can appear to you as not being interested, although it *is* being interested to the ISFP.

edit: Also, if the friendship keeps being one-sided I would have recommended for you to leave her, but if you really don't want to then find ways to talk about the problems in your friendship. If she's not completely unhealthy and dismissive then she'll be receptive to your problems. I know we ISFP can seem nonchalant and uncaring at times but we only mean well if it's a friend or someone we care about. We sometimes don't know what exactly the person needs from us, although we can only guess. In the end it all might come to type differences. ISFPs and INFPs might seem very similar but their ways of perceiving the world can be extremely different. (I'm sorry if my message seems jumbled up, but I hope it helped.)What the first two functions in SFs are primarily focused on, according to my theory:

Fe-Si/Si-Fe: how you perceive other people's actions &amp; how other people perceive your actions

vs.

Fi-Se/Se-Fi: what you do to other people &amp; what other people do to you 

Can any xSFJs or xSFPs confirm this? Thoughts?I'm going to sleep now (it's 5am), but you guys can ask me questions nicewhile and I'll try to answer them once I wake up, okay?[removed]at it's worst, especially in the use of their conflictor type (same last letter):

https://youtu.be/WP2r_ALrsDgFe-Ti: focuses on the emotional worlds of others, considers themselves and others as a part of the group, explores their own thought process and mental world in order to articulate and convey it to others in the group

Fi-Te: focuses on the mental processes and the mental worlds of others, sees themselves and others as individuals, explores their own emotional world in order to be able to articulate and convey it to others as individuals[removed]By the way, I mean 'doing things thoroughly'. Like the opposite of half-assed. (No particular context for asking this question, just something that came upon my mind.)https://youtu.be/YVff4HeoSS8welcome to the chillout club. Combination of Ti and Ne I'd sayhah nice :DMom: ISTJ

Dad: ESTJ

Younger brother: ENFP

Me: ISFP

Older step-sister: INTP

Older step-brother: INFP

(Grandma: ESFJ

(Deceased) Grandpa: INTJ) Nope, I was a definite Fi-dom in my younger years and although my Fi has developed I still strongly believe that I am 100% ISFP. I have toyed with the idea of being some other types (INFP, INFJ for example), but the functions didn't line up so there's no way I could have been those types anyway. Heck even when I first typed as an ISFP I somehow instinctively knew I was one and accepted it as my typing pretty quickly. (And also, functions.) It just fits me perfectly.

A bit unrelated, but I don't see types as boxes I should fit in, but rather clothes that fit *me*, so to say. So, I don't really speak to the ISFP stereotype that they hate being boxed in. I view it as a baseline to my personality where I can stack my other personality traits upon.I'll say that for myself Se tends to manifest as understanding based on pure facts and observations (and relying on it mostly). I know common examples tend to be like "There is a rock." "The grass is green." "The lamp is turned on right now." or things like that. It doesn't exclude those, but in my experience (especially paired with a people-oriented function) it can also be like "She is shy." "That girl looked like she wanted to murder me." "Those two people get each other really well." Or, if the Se user is a MBTI fanatic, 
"He is an INFP." "He is uncomfortable with Se." "They are having an Ni-based conversation." Also, my Fi-Se can detect a lot of emotions in people, ranging from discomfort to intrigue to excitement. In my opinion, (sorry if I'm wrong, but) Si tends to be more picky and 'in their own head' and just sees what it likes more (in the environment or people), and goes deep into it, hence the extreme detail-orientedness. My Se just detects everything around (whether I like it or not). 

Another thing about auxiliary Se (versus tertiary, from what I've noticed, although I haven't met many dominant Se users), is that (I think) aux Se's movements can be more "smooth" and graceful, while tertiary Se can look more forced or noticeable even. (This is not to insult ENxJs, I just think Se tends to be more of an experiment or a hobby to them, rather than a tool.) Inferior Se seems to be more spastic and like they're uncomfortable with their physical body. PoLR Se can seem almost robotic or manifactured (at times, although there's nothing wrong with that).This was based on an observation of one ENTJ btw, I forgot to include that (sorry). In my opinion they tend to embody the 'jockey' Se stereotype more than I do. It's noticeable for me, at least, like their energy comes off as more fierce and intense I think. And yeah, like they're trying to use Se. It's a bit hard to explain, but when I observe the ENTJ using Se it's like they're playing with it or trying it out or something. It's definitely different from my aux Se, which is almost constant.Funny, I'm an ISFP and I've found myself relating to ISTPs on more than one occasion. Must be the same perceiving functions eh? 

Although, I definitely also relate to INFPs (on another level) too.Guilty of embodying: fearful of criticism, putting my own needs above others (although that also requires knowing what others' needs are in the first place, unfortunately), needing lots of alone time to reflect

Drives me crazy: that Fi's are selfish, self-delusional hippie narcissists. How Fi is generally portrayed by everyone online

(and like another user here said, because it might be true, it doesn't drive me less crazy)I don't know, but right now I'm having the hunch that when things get harsh, I'd rather live with a Ti-dom than a Te-dom. I feel like high Te users would kill my ass because of the impracticality of my inferior Te. I have the feeling Ti dominants wouldn't mind it as much. Don't get me wrong, I don't like the overly cynical/apathetic Ti dominants. (And I sometimes get too frustrated with their stupid notion that *all* Fi dominants must *always* be sensitive, selfish, crying bitches. But that's just what comes from having a Ti ego, I guess?) But I like the laidback, subjective nature Ti can have. It works for me (although more often when it's a slightly distant psychological relationship...)&gt; You're never too far from my mind's eye

&gt; I search for the meaning between your words

(INFJ) 

-Unkind, The Birthday MassacreSome youtubers:

Life of Boris - ESTP

Domics - ENTP

Sawyer7mage - INTP

Let Me Explain Studios - xNFJ

bill wurtz - INTPDo you feel like you are more externally warm, but internally cold? Do people seem to open up to you about their problems easily? 

Or do you feel like you aren't very emotionally expressive, don't use masks, and are very straightforward? 

Does everything have a hidden meaning to you? 

Are you generally bad at organizing yourself, and externalizing your thoughts, or bad at living in the present and looking at what is? 

Do you find it easy or difficult to take immediate action to accomplish what you want (in the present)?"Sensor" doesn't mean incapable of having abstract knowledge. Besides MBTI is not really that abstract at all, it's rather abstract made into concrete terms.I'm an ISFP and I've found my life to be fairly easy (as an ISFP. Of course I have my struggles and a lot depends on circumstances and other things). I guess ENxPs would have the hardest time, since they're so unadapted to Si (while living in a Si dominated society).Most school systems for example are Si based - lots of memorization, details - they rarely use intuitive leaps to explain how something works. There is little change of pace in things, it's all fairly systematic, everything is made more clear and comfortable and easy to work around for most people. Se and Ne depend on improvisation and adapting to sudden changes - so they are prone to be a bit more flighty with attention. Yet there are long lectures in schools which have to be sat through and details to be absorbed that high Se/Ne sometimes can't be bothered with. 

I'm not a very elaborative person myself, so another type might be better at explaining this than me.That's fine. ISFP, and I've met an ESTJ with an overwhelming similarity to this. He's currently my least favorite person. He has no sense of boundaries with people and always acts as if he is on top of the world (which he isn't). I just can't stand him. Although, I have met some really wonderful ESTJs too.

Unhealthy ENTP comes to a close second.I think compared to other types (like IxFPs) they can come off pretty mean actually (hope this doesn't come off as an attack). Tertiary Ti usually makes INFJs pretty pragmatic, logical and skeptical, which can also make them somewhat cold and snarky, although appearing warm externally. "Smart" people are often seen as cold as well. Being able to toss your feelings aside is seen as a valuable trait to have in the scientific community, at the very least, from my observations. I don't think they're the type to be very concerned with the feelings of specific individuals in social interactions too (, like Fi users), but the general group atmosphere, although they can be empathetic towards people by principle.Being only surrounded by tasks and responsibilities would be my personal hell. I think the ISFP &amp; INFP colors fit, lol. The ISFP one would match my current hair color at least. IxFxI'm an ISFP and I'm like this.I'm an ISFP and there's a prominent INTP in our friend group who is ~~pretty neat~~ the best INTP. We get along well but I kind of get the feeling I would piss her off long-term (if we were to get really close). Our functions are the reversed/mirrored versions of each other (Fi/Se/Ni/Te vs. Ti/Ne/Si/Fe).ISFP and Virgo moon. 

edit: has anyone looked into Mayan astrology? The descriptions seem eerily accurate and they dabble more into human spirit and consciousness in an insightful way. I find it intriguing.I'm going with L and Xerxes Break. According to this, probably a mix of Mercurian/Saturnite. Mirror types are the best to do projects with, in my experience. ESFP. Having similar interests and a similar attitude to life would be fine. (And I've never had an ESFP friend in real life, would like to try them at least once. Although I also have an INFP friend with whom I share a surprising amount of hobbies and interests with.) Weird, I was thinking about this today. I'm oddly happy with being a ten of hearts, seems like a my kind of card.I don't cry a lot... I also feel I suppress my feelings more than what is necessary sometimes. But usually the ability comes handy (when I don't want to attract attention). I'm not very interested in painting or stuff. Noted, although I don't find the INTP guy in my class arrogant and cold even if he acts a bit aloof (but he's also humorous). I think I'm able to read subtle facial expressions well. I guess it's just very easy for xNTPs and xSFPs to misunderstand each other, it's almost in their nature. A protip: Some NTPs can mistake my excessive fidgety-ness and fiddly-ness with not paying attention, when I actually am. If I'm playing with my hair a lot, it might seem like I'm not listening but I am, it's just easier for me to concentrate while I'm doing something. (And in my case my hair often becomes the focus of my fingers.) If I were on my phone, then that's another thing. 

edit: another point of contention *might* be my lack of explaining of myself in person, but that might be more tied to my lack of communication skills than anything else.

Although, it's still nice that you're trying to get along with us. And if you're the type of person to approach someone first, then that's even better. Props :)Inferior function is the "sensitivity" function. 

Inf Se = extremely sensitive to external sensations; sounds, smells, lighting, etc. 

Inf Si = extremely sensitive to internal sensations, health conditions; (possible) hypochondriaI've actually been described as foxlike before, so I'd be really interested to hear why you'd choose fox for ISFP.Since Fi doesn't exist in the periodic table yet, I shall take some liberty with this... 

Firanium Selenium Nickel Tellurium. My compound periodic number is 1114Just a fun number I picked, didn't think too much about it. But why 119 then?Thank you for the kind assessment, but as for me I knew I was an Fi dominant from the start. No other function could describe the inner state that I have always been in. I view Fi as relying on my subjective opinions/tastes and inner compass and not being easily swayed by society's trends, which would be pretty accurate for me. But I can also be very sensitive to external criticism, which is my biggest downfall (along with extreme procrastination). Which describes my inferior Te. So I don't believe that all Fi doms would necessarily have a hard time typing themselves.INTPI think it's important to remember there can be various kinds of "real INFJs"... there can be unicorn-like INFJs with a martyr/god complex, and realistic and grounded INFJs. There is no "one kind" of INFJ that is a real one amongst them, there are just healthy and unhealthy and versions of people in various stages of development who use Ni-Fe-Ti-Se. My desktop wallpaper changes every 30 minutes. Right now it's [this](https://www.deviantart.com/lapt0pguy/art/Floating-Island-99859189)I had an ISTJ teacher in my former drama school that I really admired. Somehow she managed to be on top of things all the time while being considerate and friendly. She was like a queen bee, keeping the group together and working her vision on the group without demanding much of the students or gathering too much attention to herself. She was VERY detail oriented though.Hello! 

This is very normal to happen in interactions between your types (INFJ and ESTJ), since both of your dominant functions are in each others blind spot. That means you typically aren't really aware of how the other views the world, or how their mind works (or tend to be dismissive of it). If you're an INFJ who doesn't have much experience with ESTJs, or detail oriented types in general, and prefer to just go by your intuition and gut feeling in everything, you're kind of bound to have this kind of clash. In Socionics, for example, they describe the relation as becoming increasingly difficult as the two types become closer to each other. I also found this particular piece that seems to bear some similarity with your situation:

&gt; Communication with a conflicting partner places you under constant tension. There is a sense of impending explosion beneath the surface.

Honestly, I don't want to promote Socionics on an MBTI sub too much, but I think it might be useful for you to read through the [conflict relations](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/109-Conflict-Relations) page in the Socionics website, you might just be able to gain some useful insights from it (I hope you'll be able to). 

To deal with an ESTJ:

Recognize that since they use Fi in their main stack, they're usually going to have deeply rooted values about what is right and wrong to them. And since their Fi serves their Te-Si first and foremost, they're going to care about efficiency and details a lot. Try to give that to them, if you want to strengthen your interpersonal harmony. If there is something that is unclear to you, try to ask the ESTJ for more directions. Either way, in this case I'd advise you not to rely on your usual functions too much, or at least try to develop your less used ones, even if they might seem difficult. Good luck!I guess one of the points where my Fi shows is when I'm trying to directly interact with people. Even as I am observing the other's emotions in the present and trying to be considerate towards them, my own subjective state will always be lying there underneath my expressions and I am unconsciously immersed in it. Even the fact that I'm not used to wearing masks around people much should be an indicative of Fi dom. Another solid giveaway is the awareness of the depth of the subjective meaning I give to my life.There's a guy on YouTube who has made songs about MBTI types. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW-JXlXQ6-R2-GdWs-1ZJtA- ESFP

- INFJ

- INFP

- INTP

- ENTJThis was somewhat interesting to read for me, as a fellow ISxP with tertiary Ni, but with dominant Fi instead of Ti. For me Ni was something that was always there, running in the background of my life. Even if I was to forget what it had told me, I would eventually come back to it sooner or later. I haven't really experience "thunderbolts", but for example last night I had the realization that I might have lived my life somehow wrongly, that I could be the one with low self-esteem (and not others), and that's why I couldn't allow myself pursue the things I wanted in life. I could have been wrong too, as I'm sure others have insecurities that I don't. But I don't try to hold myself back from dreaming. Ni doesn't feel like a shackle to me, just a deeper dimension to life that I could tap into whenever I felt like it, but one that I don't actively focus on maybe, or one that doesn't come as naturally. Therefore it doesn't feel as special to me as it probably does to you, but it's special to me nonetheless. 

(I'm actually somewhat grateful that Ni is third in my stack and not anywhere else, as it gives me insights to my life and what I want but still allows for me to live in the present and be somewhat in acceptance with things.)&gt; I agree, typing incorrectly in order to stroke one's ego with superficial stereotypes is a problem. 

May I also address that typing others incorrectly using superficial stereotypes is just as bad and misleading. For all those typers out there that are super confident that they know others' types 100 times better than people themselves do. (Please at least refrain from using stereotypes...)I've pretty much always felt like the concrete, present moment-version of an INFP. Plus, I've read about the cognitive functions, and they made sense in every way. They still do though, I'm pretty good at dealing with Fi and Si things, for example, and bad at dealing with Ne/Te stuff. 

 Fi has always been strong in me, and I feel way more familiarity with the Se-Ni axis than Si-Ne. Based on that, I couldn't really bring myself to type as anything other than ISFP. Not that I complain though, I feel pretty comfortable with my type. 

Knowledge about functions and not focusing on general stereotypes helped me.ISFP, I'm really into The Birthday Massacre and Aural Vampire

(despite how the names sound, I'm not a goth or a gothic person) ISFP here with an ISTJ mom. Not sure about dad's type. 

My grandparents were ESFJ and INTJ. 

(edit: sibling types are ENFP, INTP and INFP, from youngest to oldest)http://worldofanentp.tumblr.com/post/96219034302/psychopathic-typesI'd say ISTPs are more chill, maybe? I really like hanging out with ISTPs sometimes, especially those kind who dgaf and who are unapologetically independent.&gt; Have you watched even 5 minutes of Host Eric talking? He’s the most archetypal Ne-Ti user I’ve ever seen. ISTPs have PoLR Ne. His channel is a huge Ne shot shitstorm of Ti topics that are often presented in a playful tertiary Fe sort of way.

Not to mention he really enjoys doing live streams and bantering with different people. If that's not Ne/Fe, then I don't know what is... I think you should just tell her, if you feel like the situation's getting worse and you absolutely have to. Does your aunt seem like a reliable person? Also, why/how do you think her Fi would get triggered? Just asking to clarify. 

&gt; It would utterly shatter her trust in me. 

You mean your mom's or your aunt's? INFP's Fi is still highly different from ISFP's Fi. The Fi process OP describes there seems a lot like a combination of high Fi and Ni, which INFPs have. ISFPs generally don't predict things to such degrees, although they might still have a "kinesthetic/aesthetic" perception of a mapIt would be a hell of a winterEx-best friend 1: INTJ, 10+ years

Ex-best friend 2: ESFJ, ~6 years

Current friend group: INFP, INTP, INFJ, ENFP?, ESTJ 

Other good friends: ESFP, IxFx?, INFP, INFJI can see him being an INTJ. His, uh, intense dislike towards INFP thought process honestly reminds me of my ISTJ mom's judgment towards my own (ISFP). Nothing I ever do seems to be satisfactory in her eyes and I feel like she'll forever be judgmental towards me, no matter how hard I'd try to improve. My example might be anecdotal, but my point is that I think IxTJ - IxFP antagonism can be a thing (especially if they're on the same side of N/S dichotomy).ISFP: invisibility to avoid awkward situations and to be yourself even with peopleThe reverse is true as well, I really like hanging around ISTPs. I feel like they're one of the only types who can energize meAs an ISFP who has been in a similar situation (parents fighting for many years) reading this really weirds me out... I'd also rather divorce than have parents bickering each day in front of the kids. Then again I think when we commit we may take it seriously, so it might be that, dunno...

edit: I'm having a hard time believing the person OP's talking about is even an ISFP, doesn't sound like one to meISFP ~ 5 peopleISFP here

1. INFP
2. ISFP
3. ESFP
4. ESFJ
5. ENFP
6. INFJ
7. ENFJ
8. ISTP
9. ISTJ
10. ESTJ
11. INTJ
12. INTP
13. ISFJ
14. ESTP
15. ENTJ
16. ENTP

*~in general~*Well I think SPs are able to read other SP better at least. I definitely feel more understood by other SP's than any intuitiveESFJs are cool. I don't see why they should be hated, I honestly admire them in a way

My advice would be to ignore all the hate and the people who see small talk and other negative ESFJ stereotypes as the entirety of their being. Haters gonna hateNope, I realized from very early on that other types didn't fit me. (Also I'm content being an ISFP so I didn't have any special 'need' to be another type)ISFP and Cancer.surreal humor, words that sound funny by accidentally mistyping themTrue, as a sensor I've myself found the excess coddling of sensors as kind of pointless. It's like some people think sensors are dumb and inferior no matter what so they have to compensate for it by being extra "nice" and coddling towards them.Fi/Te hypocrisy: judge others' behaviors they might unknowingly do themselves

Fe/Ti hypocrisy: preach others to follow advice that they themselves don't followI'm an Fi user and I can admit that I might sometimes get like this. I think Coraline is an INTJ that doesn't get much talked about.ISFP - half golden blonde, half light brown (natural color) ISFP here, same 🙋They're fun. I'm an ISFP and my siblings are all xNxP's. (ENFP, INTP, INFP from youngest to oldest)(oops accidentally deleted my comment...) 

I'm not the only sensor in my family, me and my ENFP/INTP siblings share the same mom  who is an ISTJ (who has had a particularly challenging time taking care of us. having the P equals various shenanigans lol, plus my mom has always been pretty straight-laced while me and my siblings couldn't give a fuck.)...They're interesting to me *shrug*Lol, true. Even as a sensor I can tell when intuitives accuse other intuitives of being sensors, it's absurd.Yes, yes, yes. I backup this comment 100%ISFP

TrialCore - Red Electric MoonISFP, 954Sorry, didn't notice your comment. 

I think she's very decisive and assured in a very Ni-Te way. I think her idealism towards a better reality might stem from her Ni-Fi too. I kinda see Fi as being at her core while the outward behavior is Ni-Te. Sarcastic, cold, snappy and blunt but also genuine and with good intentions. Kind of has a superiority complex. I also see her being very simple in her decisions, if she can get what she wants, it's cool, but the moment she notices anything suspicious (the button-eyes contract) she drops everything without hesitation. Her character can be described as black-and-white like that.I haven't met many ISFPs I guess, but I have talked to an ISFP classmate of mine and we got along pretty well, it's like there was a natural understanding between us. I could see some traits of her that could have annoyed me though, for example she came off as a bit pretentious and hipster-ish, which ISFPs often get stereotyped as, which I don't really like.)ISTJs I feel like could honestly beat everyone in sarcastic/snarky humor if they tried. It's the one trait in my ISTJ mom that both frustrates me a lot and leaves me in awe at the same timeThis is all true. I've noticed the same thing and it's unfortunate how quickly people are willing to jump onto the same bandwagon.I daydream about goals, things I wish to accompish, life I'd want to live, situations I'd want to live, etc. I might sometimes daydream about starting my own business or doing something great. Sometimes those daydreams happen in specific places, familiar or not, for some reason I don't know yet. Sometimes they include music. Oh and they tend to be fairly grounded.At some point I've thought that highly advanced destroyer robots would be fucking terrifying...   but yeah, torture comes very close.ISFP, My current friend group at school is consisted of INTP, INFP, ENTJ, INFJ and ESTJ. We're all pretty close (the ESTJ is still a somewhat odd one out though)It's not that I necessarily think I'm better than others, I'm just bad at throwing away my individuality. Others like to assume that if I don't like the same things as them, that must mean I think my interests as better. 

Another: It's not that I'm completely disinterested in abstract concepts, or don't understand them, it's just that I don't always prefer discussing them with others. 

- ISFPHmm, seems fairly accurate... 

I always test and identified as Gryffindor, but was wondering lately myself whether I fit into Ravenclaw as wellI googled 'horami' and found this:

&gt; Horami, also known as Hawrami, is our native language which is spoken in Horaman (Hawraman) region and people who speak it, are called Horami. Horaman is divided between Iran and Iraq borders and consequently, most of people in this area could speak Persian an Arabic like their native language. Moreover, Horami people can speak Kurdish Sorani which is one of the formal languages in KRG (Kurdistan Regional Government). 

Horami also means 'mountains' in Czech.

I got the name randomly from a self-made Japanese name generator. 

I'm an ISFPI see, interesting. Thanks. As an ISFP I've actually had a conflicting relationship with an ENTP classmate before, and it was exacerbated due to him being an immature ENTP (troll, unfiltered, obnoxious, did stuff to get reactions from people), and me being an immature ISFP (overly sensitive, closed-off, defensive, conflict avoidant), we just didn't get each other at all during the whole grade school. I can see where the conflict may appearI had an ESTJ landlady who was extremely caring/empathetic, just a bit blunt and bossy at times. Caring TJs do exist, haha

edit: 

&gt; That’s why I’ll hit the gym right after I hit POST.

that's great that you're looking to improve your Se, I'm sure you can and will!I don't mind ISTPs, I actually adore them

I also don't take some of INTJs' flaws too seriously the way people in general tend to do.Me -- ISFP

My older stepsister -- INTP

My older stepbrother -- INFP

My younger brother -- ENFP (currently in hospital after drinking too much) 

My mom -- ISTJ

My dad -- ESTJ(?)

My grandmother -- ESFJ

My (deceased) grandfather -- INTJ

Aunt (dad's side) -- ESTJ

Aunt (mom's side) -- INFPISFP - melodic house, electro/dance/edm, alternative/synth rock, darkwave/industrial/synth-/electropop, instrumentalohhhh god. relatableIn my personal experience, there's an ESTJ guy with whom I can never see myself being with in 100 years. He bothers the crap out of me.

(Although I've also met great ESTJs, just not guys)When I think of INFJs, I think of like... Ritsu from Mob Psycho 100, or Deku from MHA, or Sophie from Howl's Moving Castle.Truth. All the circlejerking just makes me like ENTPs lessISFP, 21&gt; Just let them feel what they want/need to feel. Leave them be.

^ Best advice ever. I could relate to other points in the ISFP column as well. Thanks!

Also, the emojis are nice, hahaI'm an ISFP and I'd rather not to do small talk. I'm extremely interested in other people's experiences, for example. However, if all other people provide me is small talk then that's what I'll assume other people want to talk about ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ISFP 9w1 with tritype 954 here. ISFPs most common enneagram type is 9, or so I've read from many places, so if anything it confirmed my type.I'm only dissatisfied when my type weaknesses become extremely apparent. For example I often hang out in a group where the people have a lot of discussions (where Ne is more often than not involved) and I just can't feel myself being on the same page as others and it can get overwhelming. I thrive in quietness where I can focus my mind on the things I'm specifically interested in (and do whatever I like doing at the time). I'm also extremely untalkative overall, especially in groups, so sometimes I do wish I'd have more "talkative" functions on myself, like Ne or Fe.I love this advice. I'm just going to put the songs I most recently picked up.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drq-WqRBscg

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmwoG5X4y4o

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvkAx9WcD30

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irTYUg42gCM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlAzDwPVOms

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exnyY0QVDsc

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRw9sLGPxuQ

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiiHfOAG2Hk

(and, well, some of my favorites &lt;3)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SREZ-ggSDjM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njfp30naS60

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9N-CQObpyU

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQWgVpjoQYo

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH1OPhcb4B0

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aM-xKvY3FGoThanks! ISTP &gt; INFP &gt; ESFP &gt; ISFJ&gt; Did an INFP pee in your soup or something?

Lmao, this made me laugh.Cat, fox or rabbitI'm an ISFP and I just realized that while I normally wouldn't call myself a philosophical person, deep down I'm really interested in different philosophies and I find they make my life easier in some ways. Naturalism, individualism, etc. Although more in the sense that I'm more likely to pick the philosophical principles I like and collect them :) I have a notepad full of philosophical sayings.Yes, I do know people like that, especially in real life. I have an INFP friend who is like the quintessential INFP. (Moody, sensitive, very non-physical, withdrawn, philosophical, etc.) Although, I have another INFP friend who is like an embodiment of the INFP stereotype as well (kind, idealistic, open, dreamy, fairy-like) but who is very different from the other INFP friend. So, I think there can be many people who can very much resemble their type without having too many similarities with each other. 

(Also, my ex-landlady is the most ESTJ person, and my grandma the most ESFJ person I've ever known. And my mom is a textbook ISTJ. I have a classmate that is unmistakably INTP, etc. Over time you will just see the traits and patterns come up.)Nope not me&gt; The first paragraph is about Fi rather than Fe. Fe is about others' feelings, Fi is about your own.

"better at suppressing my emotions and not thinking about them" is not Fi. It's Fi blindspot. Fi doms are rather good at dealing with their own emotionsGuilty as charged, although I am also usually painfully aware of it. Most IxFPs probably are.I live with my mom. 

Mom: ISTJ

Dad (divorced): ESTJ

Younger brother: ENFP

Me: ISFP

Older sister: INTP

Oldest brother: INFP

Grandmother: ESFJ

Grandfather (deceased): INTJWhy seal? (I'm curious as to why you'd choose it for ISFP)I think this is fairly accurate as to how my ISTJ mother sees me, an ISFP, as well. haha21&gt; IxFJs are rather emotionless and cerebral for feeling types.

IxFJs are still very externally emotional, because of Fe. They need to express their emotions outwardly to someone. That doesn't mean other types might be able to relate to their way of emoting (except other Fe users maybe). 

I have a very hard time relating to xSFJs, for example. Especially in a group. I might come across as a bit moody or depressed to them, because they're constantly "firing" their emotions around and when I try to do so too (I rarely get the chance) it comes across as very weak and I'm just left there to observe. So I tend to hold my emotions inside of me and become very withdrawn instead (and I'm a withdrawn type to begin with). It's oil/water.Toxic self: passive-aggressive, silently resentful, cold, uncaring, extremely self-serving, also doesn't give a shit about other people's feelings

Non-toxic self: patient, chill, grounded, motivated, considerate, kind, sincere, appreciative of natureDon't really remember except that I got 100% introverted on it... which isn't exactly accurate butStating the facts.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, as an ISFP I find it disappointing that fellow SFPs try to shit on INFPs, (by using overused stereotypes too,) because actual INFPs are some of my favorite people who just want to understand other people.This-

This is unfair, I demand a proper roastThe way my ISTJ mom raised me, you'd think I'd become an INFJ to cope with it... nope, I turned out ISFP.Mainly this song https://youtu.be/9duxc8a8_Qo , there might be a few others thoughINFPs and ESFPs, as well as some INFJs 

(ISFP)Thank you for writing a quality post.

I do think the best simplification for Fi out there is "seeks to understand others through themselves" whereas Fe would be "seeks to understand themselves through others".Melodic house, ISFPI'm an ISFP. I've been told I appear physically detached and in my own head a lot... Artsy hippy archetype doesn't  really apply that strongly. I'd say I'm more psychologically oriented but I'm also 100% sure I'm not an INxx. ISFPs are said to have a lot of strong opinions but in my case I wouldn't say I have them that often (except in my earlier comment haha). I can be quite indecisive.I'm the same way actually hahaPlot twist: Si is actually just breathingISFP, I use them mainly to show my emotions.Sensor, I'm attentive when I want toEmotionally dead ENTPs *shivers*

Edit: The creepiest person I know is an unhealthy ESTJ probably.ISFP - Peach;)Depends on the people and circumstances, I wouldn't get along with a typical INTP in a work situation but I do have a friend and a sibling I get along well with who are INTPs (I'm also more inclined to believe I get along better with female INTPs.)ISFP 9 😴In elementary school it was my (female) INTJ best friend who got bullied the most in my class and I was the one defending her, I was bullied/picked on to a lesser degree too, but mostly by association. The bullies were definitely ExTPs though, one was a stereotypical ADHD ENTP class clown with underdeveloped tertiary Fe who couldn't shut up for his own good.Don't get too full of yourselves.I hear both of them are introverted extroverts.What are your interests/passions?ISFP here, I've had that done to me a lot in grade school and I didn't like it all that much back then. I became pretty avoidant and paranoid of the 'poker'.Yes, there's nothing that says they can't exist outside of school either. I didn't wonder why he was doing it, it was just annoying. Plus he seemed pretty scattered with his intentions so I couldn't get a good read on him either. It might have been lighthearted, but I had mostly taken it as malicious/them wanting something bad for me back then.ISFP, Cancer sun, Virgo moon, Leo risingAs an ISFP, I can say my relationships with xSFJs have been pretty similar. One of my most memorable friendships have been with an ESFJ,  and we also drifted apart from each other.

 Also I notice that whenever I meet my ESFJ friend again I find myself going into old habits/communication styles even if I'm not like that anymore?ISFP 9w1: Melodic house, darkwave, industrial, synth rock, instrumentals, anime/game soundtracks, edmISFP and my siblings are ENFP, INTP and INFP.INTP's Ti self-righteousness can be way more annoying to me tbh.Just putting my 2 cents on here as another IxFP.

To me NOT having strong values doesn't make any sense, because why would you do things like (as an example) preying on someone's weakness without any consideration for how the person/object of the preying would feel? Also, I'm an Fi dominant, which means my first natural instinct isn't to adapt to the emotional surroundings, and thus things like group values are confusing to me and seem arbitrary. I especially don't like seeing people that are extremely jaded underneath, to go to great lengths to mask their emotions to appease the group. I'm just thinking, can't there be a more efficient way to solve things and communicate, without necessarily having to ''hide'' anything? Fe seems burdensome to me, because from a Te point of view, anything could be easily interpreted as 'damaging' to the Fe group values. It seems like this huge hivemind that doesn't have any care about what the individual has to say, and that feels extremely repressing and uncomfortable to an Fi/Te user. We'd rather operate autonomously, and even then it doesn't mean we're always selfish (from a practical point of view).

(Nevertheless, I recognize that everyone has different ways of operating and what feels uncomfortable to some might not feel uncomfortable to another. I'm not saying anyone has to think the way I do on this matter. I'm just giving my perspective)Thank you!??? What in the heck&gt; Trying to say what you want to say, but delivering it tactfully so that WWIII doesn't start.

Lol, sums up the feeling. ISFP 9w1I like surreal/absurd humor as well.

As for my INxP/Se PoLR friends, I remember them laughing their heads off when two contradictory audios were combined by coincidence, i.e. a nerdy guy rambling about the mechanics of a tongue, and an epic dramatic soundtrack playing in the background. I found it very amusing how much that humored them lol.The types that expect everyone to think the same way as them would be the most annoying in my opinion. Or, to be more precise, those who can't recognize that there are different ways of thinking (this could go for both Fi/Fe users ime).

^(Also, I'm expecting this thread to devolve into another Ti-Fe circlejerk.)At first I thought "what kind of beef this person has with ESTPs" then I noticed you're an ESTP yourself 😶 

Anyhow, ESTPs are awesome in my opinion, don't get too down on your typeListened to sax music and imagined myself playing saxWhere do you hang out the most?ISFP, middle child 

(ENFP youngest, INTP oldest)All my INFP friends have been females and they're all pretty cool :DIt's kind of like emotional recharging, I guess (?). Need space to fantasize and stuff. I don't know if thinkers simply need less of it, or if they just like being efficient, but I can be the same way and can get tired quickly if I don't have the time to simply focus on my emotional needs. We can be exhausting, I know. (But I've seen thinkers that looked on the verge of burnout a couple of times as well)I feel like I have a few... 

-Desiring to be unique, different or more "special" than anything else. I kinda get the sense that when most people think of IxFPs, they'd just think "wannabe INFJs". I've never wanted to be an INFJ or identified with being one. I like my type just enough and I get really bothered by this notion/stereotype sometimes (even though I understand it where it comes from) 

-Thinking your morals are the correct ones/superior. My values are mostly for myself. 

-Being super artsy or loving makeup. 

-Being triggered/offended by the slightest things. I have been triggered before (mostly in childhood) but nowadays I just try to process through it internally whenever my Fi gets "confused". 

-Being super duper fragile altogether and/or wanting pity. I'm very sensitive, but not fragile. I tend to get exhausted when talking about Ne/Te subjects for too long though.

Edit: 

- I don't relate to Fe users' desire for overall social harmony or positive relations (that's how I figured I wasn't one), but I do value harmony and there have been very few times where I've let my personal emotions interrupt the mood.

- I don't necessarily crave for my internal emotions to be understood. I just hate whenever people decide to project emotions I don't have onto me. (If you want to know whether I'm feeling something or not, just ask me. Communication goes a long way in any kinds of relations)Eh... can't do it.I'm an ISFP practicing driving right now with ISTJ and it's going pretty well so far (with minor problems)

My instructor is nitpicky to the max though.I don't know about the other, but I'd choose INFP, we could both talk passionately about our interests and bond over our musical tastes for hours until we get unstuck.I don't know, but to me it seems like Ti is more interested in things that are important to themselves while Te is interested in what is important overall. That's what I've noticed about them anyway. Could be the same with feeling functions, probably is.&gt; i just don't know how to help them when they're not

Leave them alone (or just acknowledge what they're feeling).

I notice a lot of Fe users feel the responsibility to make someone feel better when they're not. Meanwhile Fi just wants to feel their feelings, whether they're good or bad (or pleasant/unpleasant). Fi is less about picking the pleasant emotions from the unpleasant and more about experiencing every and any kind of emotion (I think). It's our life's salt and pepper, in a way (sorry, can't make up a better metaphor for it).Yeah, I know it can be inconsiderate, and I didn't mean to invalidate Fe users or come across as self-indulgent in my comment. It's just how I've processed things, generally. 

I think Fi users generally might need to find ways of communicating their needs more, same with Fe users. Hopefully it can all be a bit less messy maybe. (Functions/types shouldn't come in the way of communicating like ~~normal~~ human beings after all.)My little brother is an ENFP, and when he's not hanging with his friends, whom he occasionally brings home, he's pretty much guaranteed to be found in his room 95% of the time. He even has a typical lone wolf attitude, black hoodie, smoking cigarettes, edgy/offensive humor, etc.If cognitive functions could change, the change would be quite drastic imo. The difference between dominant and auxiliary Ti,  is that with the dominant Ti, the person's ~overall~ life is driven by constantly refining and perfecting their logical framework, foremost. It's their main goal in everything. Auxiliary Ti can do that a lot as well, and be inside their heads, except then it's used as a tool, not as an overall driving force or a core personality trait. ENTPs are usually going to be more interested in seeking possibilities and what if's and could be's, than striving for logical accuracy.Yeah healthy Fi-doms are more complex than that.I'm actually not fond of ESTJs *in general as a type*, I've met some really annoying ones but also ones that are really sweet, kindhearted and understanding at the core. So I guess those that are more kind and understanding stand out to us the most and we notice that.Sounds like a high Ni type to me?Experience mostly. Also I'm a lower Ni type and I've rarely felt much insecurity about not knowing something (contrary to some of my INxJ friends). So, it's anecdotal but I would imagine Ni has more of a desire for knowledge than other perceiving functions because of its tendency for planning and dislike for unprepared thingsSame problem here with the judging. I'm starting to wonder whether certain types are just going to have more of a problem with adapting to the MBTI community, and whether I should just gtfo here, haha... 

The memes aren't honestly that enjoyable, either.Yes and also Fi types constantly think about what is personally needed and wanted and how to maintain their own boundaries while socializing. So I guess Fe types are more prone to think about what others need and want.&gt; It's more that they empathize with the world based on their values. But it's very subjective. If a lead Fi believes you violate their morals they will attack with all their strength.

I guess this is what I don't really get. Doesn't everyone get even the slightest urge to murder someone after that someone pisses them off, at some point? Also, wouldn't caring about objective values also count as subjective? Isn't it *you*, after all, who cares about those values, or do people really consider themselves as "one with the group" as in being infused into a collective unit without any subjective standards? I mean, I guess this is how armies and such operate, but I feel like I can't really relate to that mindset no matter what. Call me an extreme individualist or something ¯\_(ツ)_/¯As an ISFP I tried to make a video explaining ISFP and cognitive functions but only got the first two functions to suddenly get really drained from talking ha... I guess that's the first thing you should know about us, we really hate talking.I'm an ISFP and I'd preferrably date a good-looking guy... Doesn't have to be a top model or super groomed or anything. A style that suits them is good. 

I've dated people that I wasn't physically attracted to before, and decided that's not what I'm looking for or want to have in the long term. I don't want to settleISFP, CancerNo it's not. Lack of Fi leads to problems like losing sight of yourself, not knowing what you want or like, relying on other people for your identity or your drive, not knowing why you do things, not doing things that are congruent with your own emotions etc. Fi is a function that relies on an inner data framework to understand and deal with feelings while Fe relies on an external data framework to understand and deal with feelings. Ti refers to an inner data framework to understand systems, and the same with Te but replace [inner] with [external]. None of them sound particularly useless or unimportant to me.. Well, yeah, I assume that having a function that's in lower place doesn't necessarily indicate a (complete) lack of it either. INTPs can have quite decent Fi and I bet theres many Fi doms who don't exactly consider themselves lacking logic. It comes to how you use the functions. (Hey look it's me using demon Ti kinda.)

^(Sorry I had deleted my comment accidentally.)My mom is actually the ISTJ, dad is probably ESxJ so...I'm sorry about the fear of commitment haha. At least in early years we might be prone to juggling with many different things which I know Si users might not like much (in my experience). INFPs are awesome too in my opinion!&gt; This and ESFPs. They just don't get me and l feel like they're constantly and incorrectly judging or mocking me for fun. It's more irritating than intimidating.

I feel the same way with certain INTPs. I get the sense it's because they see Fi as irrational and unnecessary.Yeah I can kinda see what you mean. I've had an INTP friend who is honestly hilarious and adorable that way. I liked looking at her facial expressions. 

I don't mean all INTPs though, just those arrogant self-righteous ones. I'm pretty sure you might have been talking about arrogant, self-righteous ESFPs too.It's not surprising for you to pose this question. High Fe users are usually not in touch with themselves consciously, but unconsciously. It's honestly not hard for me to see Fi in Fe users sometimes but they are probably not aware of it in themselves for the most part. For me as an Fi user I feel like I'm always aware of who I am every moment (whoever "I am"). If I were to describe what 'self' means to me, it would be whatever I choose to do in the moment, that's completely independent and isn't influenced by other people (for the most part). Other types might have a different perception on what selfhood is though.No, leave INFPs alone already. Actually, just give them to meIn my experience living with opposite parent-children types (they seem to be quite common apparently), a lot of ranting and expression of frustrations is to be expected about the others' actions. I live with an ENFP brother and an ISTJ mother and they clash in all the typical ways their types would clash. I'm kinda curious how it would've been like living with an ENTJ parent now. 

I had an INTJ grandfather and we had seemed to gel with each other.Yeah, wouldn't trade them. I like being an ISFPMy INxP friends are like this.Awareness of/being attuned to the current emotional states of other people/emotional atmosphere/how you can affect them. High Fe is a strong driving force therefore xNFJs are usually described as good group leaders. Fe with Ni aims to drive people through ideological means, Fe with Si through physical means. Fe in high position gets satisfaction from caring or providing for others. A big trait of Fe is absorbing emotions from the surroundings (hence why harmony is often important to them). 

Fe in lower position (Ti&gt;Fe) observes the world through a logical lens and makes conclusions on how their actions can affect people through that. So they're aware of how they can affect others but after it's gone through a logical filter so to speak. They can entertain/charm others easily but could be more nonchalant/disaffected/uncaring about the emotions and sentiments of other people in the long run. Hence why they could also get bored quickly.

(It's been a while since I've done typology seriously and these might be very rough and unpolished since they're fresh off the top of my head but I hope it suffices anyways.)Yatzy, gin rummy, backgammon, UNOWell, more like multitasking them. I do have them in the same app after all&gt; IxFP’s are the wannabe snowflakes

I want to know where this stereotype comes from because afaik I'm an IxFP all the way through and I've never seen myself as a special snowflake nor do I have the desire to be seen as unique and different from others. It's a stereotype I've never related to. I've had "special" or grandiose imaginations but I think that's more of a normal people thing.That can definitely be the case for me sometimesSimplifying Fi: understanding those around them by understanding their own emotions

Simplifying Fe: understanding themselves by understanding the emotions of those around them&gt; Fi-doms who thinks feelings are for the weak?

I don't think feelings are for the weak persay (on the contrary), although I am of the opinion that people's focus shouldn't always have to be on preserving and catering to the other person's feelings when having an interaction.You could be rightWhich ESFP stereotypes do you not relate to? What do you wish the world knew about ESFPs? 

What are your hobbies?&gt; Least: ISFP

...yeah, honestly 😐 I tend to avoid debates altogetherI'm not even that interested in debating. I would guess most of us aren't, which also makes sense why we would suck at it lolIn general, I think Fi feels everything by detecting and absorbing impressions and turning it into an abstract feeling experience.

On the other hand, I think how Fe works is feeling everything by detaching from the "feeling self" and instead observing whatever the other is feeling or whatever feeling is present outside and kind of enmeshing itself in it.Telling or asking others to do things after someone else expressed displeasure towards it. I once "tried to make" my little brother clean up after himself after a meal in a hasty and non-genuine way... It didn't work out. Needless to say, confrontation doesn't come natural to me.&gt; (with only ISFP being more low-earning and depression-prone).

Who knew that our one purpose in MBTI is to make INFPs feel better! 😂To do that (or to be more sensor-like, whatever)... you guys simply need more action. I see, with many intuitives, there's simply way too much talking rather than taking action, even here

I get that intuitives like to talk about different things (edit: and there's nothing wrong with that too), but I think this is the difference anywaysSomewhat rebellious ISFP here, this might be a bad example but I have a certain limit to which things or favors for others I am ready to do so when my mother (who I'm living with currently) demands more than what I feel I'm physically and emotionally ready for, or capable of in that moment, then I just *won't* do it. I can't be like one of those people who will do anything for others no matter how exhausted they are.I'm an ISFP. 

I'll say that the types of my close friends have been varied. My closest friends in childhood were INTJ and ESFJ. 

Right now I'm pretty close with an INTP and ESFP who are both my internet friends. 

I also have another friend group that I gained last year consisting of INFP, INTP, INFJ and E/INxx and I've attracted several INFPs throughout life.INTP and INFJ.Rabbit - ESFJ

Bear - ISFP.I've started thinking of it as humanitarian knowledge (as opposed to factual knowledge)ESFJ for me&gt; As I often see several ways of interpreting things

&gt; I don’t know how to make a decision, as there are too many factors to take into account

This made me think of Ne, I think you're definitely a Ne-Si user. Probably a Ti user as well. 

First thought was INFP. Then INTPMy INTP sister is definitely sensitive, I'd say sometimes even more sensitive than me, even though I'm an ISFP. If you're a female then that's even more likelyFi: understands others through themselves

Fe: understands themselves through othersFeel free to DM me as well! I am also willing to help with typing.Feel free to DM me.That's ironic since I'm the only one in my family who has been interested in MBTI for years while my NP siblings are not.I don't think all parents must be SJs, but I think SJ parents are still pretty common as SJs in general are pretty common. Afaik they're the most common type grouping?Fe&gt;Ni&gt;Se&gt;TiGotta love people generalizing their bad experience with an immature type on the entire type. 

Not an immature use of MBTI at all &lt;_&lt;I don't have a "crew" right now but I sort of had in one of my previous schools so I'm including them. 

Me - ISFP

INFJ

INFP

INTP

ENxx(?)&gt; Intuition isn't linked to superiority but a proneness to abstract concepts rather than being in the here-and-now. 

This, and the large amount of broad, conceptual discussions that reside in these forums is I think one of the main reasons sensors find it hard to have a presence in the community in the first place. It leaves us sensors nothing to work with most of the time.Or they find it hard to relate to the community. 

Remember, this post is about lack of sensors in the community, not about how many sensors are interested in MBTI. For all we know there might be many S types who study MBTI earnestly but get turned off from participating in N-dominated communities for one reason or another.There are a bunch of reasons listed in the OP, actuallyInteresting you'd say ISFP, I personally can't see any ISFP let alone myself be obsessed with poking holes at people's arguments or trying to prove people wrong or focus on ideas. Sounds more like an NT thing if anything lol. Just not in our nature. High Ti users, especially ENTPs are experts at finding flaws in others' rhetoric. 

I know OP said "critical" but also "negative, pessimistic" and that doesn't exactly describe SFPs accurately in general at all.Honestly, I get that NTs can be "unbiased" (although I'm doubtful anyone can be 100% unbiased), but I don't know why you are bringing biases in here when we're just talking about being critical. Both NTs and ISFPs can be critical, sure, and I'm not sure why does it matter more if ISFP is more biased about it here. If you want to talk about being biased then talk about it in a post where it's brought up. Otherwise it kind of feels like we are talking about different things here. 

I'm an ISFP and I 100% agree with the statement that it's not logical to focus on negatives only. That's why it's confusing to me when we're being described as 'only focused on negatives'. From my experience, that has been way more NTs than SFPs overall. When ISFPs are being negative it can seem that we are only focusing on the negatives *in that moment* where we're being negative, but thats not how we usually work! Because SFPs in principle prefer to focus on positives more than negatives (edit: excluding unhealthy cases). IxFPs being cold and unresponsive to others seems to be another thing and is beyond the point. 

I haven't said all ISFPs are not negative or pessimistic, but just in general, because it makes more sense given our temperament. And just because we can be pessimistic and critical only in certain circumstances, doesn't mean we are overall. 

You can be in tune with others' emotions and be critical, I don't think they are related. And just from what I've observed, Ti has way less problems being critical of others/handing criticisms to others than Fi.&gt; Fi is a repelling function. It criticizes the external. 

Isn't it the same for introverted thinking though? It detaches itself from external and trusts the internal way of processing logic way more. It's perfectionistic in logical arguments and therefore finds flaws in others' arguments easily. It won't trust anything unless it makes complete logical sense to them. Isn't that what the OP mentioned: poking holes at people's arguments, trying to prove people wrong. Plus OP mentioned 'mostly with ideas'. ISFPs have Ne blindspot, we are generally bad with dealing with ideas. 

I get that Fi may feel critical to you, it might as well be, but I think there might be a bit of a bias from your part since Fe-Ti users usually feel criticized by Fi-Te users the most, since they don't use Fi-Te. And vice versa for Fi-Te users.Honestly lol the way I see it is that the strictly logical nature of Ti can add to the pessimism of high Ti users as well, if they logically reach the conclusion that everything sucks, then it can be hard for them to get out of that state and they base everything off of that, they become broody and apathetic about everything and find it hard to care about anything. They can't ignore that conclusion the same way Fi users do that focus on what's emotionally good for them.Sloth. ISFPI does thisMy closest guess at Se humor would be Life of Boris. It's almost the Se stereotype, even (and I could easily see Boris being an ESTP) 

I would say my own humor as an aux Se user tends to range from slapstick to surreal. There's usually some kind of absurdity involved though 

My INxP friends have tended to make jokes about humanity and nature and miscellaneous things other humans do in general and make some commentary about things they have spotted in the wild. They also found Bill Wurtz hilarious (which, in contrast, the INFJ friend in our group didn't).&gt; For me, homour that really resonates has to bask in its absolute audacity. Something chaotic and shameless, like (good) slapstick

omfg I just found this. Just watch this. Even if you don't understand Japanese, please just watch it. I guarantee you'll understand at least 50% of it from the visuals and context. 

https://youtu.be/tKQc_7oMiVI

It's a Japanese slapstick skit that lets you choose the outcome at the end of the video scenario (press the button/turn left or right). The story is about two treasure hunter cats.

(Edit: it doesn't work in the internet version of youtube so make sure to watch it in the actual app.)Haven't seen it. Thanks for the recommendation thoughISFP: To have minimal things to worry about.I've had something similar happen to me with an ENTP. Slippery would be a good word, yes. Some (possibly unhealthy) ENTPs need to know not everyone likes to have their mind and soul pried open, especially as strangers ^^;*standing ovation*

The question will be, how many types can actually recognize this in themselves and be daring enough to admit it to themselves. I'm guessing, at the very least it might not be that easy. (Heck if I didn't personally fall into this trap a couple of times.) 

Just out of curiousity, what triggered this revelation in yourself? At what point did this come to your mind to ponder on it?That's why I will usually take the effort to know other people's likes and desires beforehand. Fi user I am, 100% but I don't know how accurate your description of Fi is, really. Kind of sounds like premature Fi? 

For example the ISFP subreddit would be the easiest place for me to do something like you described, assume since we're the same personality type that they would be all exactly like me and like the same things. But I wouldn't go there and think that they would all like drinking Starbucks Cappuccino, or like driving above 40-50km/h the same as me. People's tastes are individual after all, and I think healthy/mature Fi would take this into account. But hey let me know if I happened to miss the point of your post or anything.I think it sounds like frustration coupled with stress and pain. If that's not satisfying, then maybe disappointment and/or some kind of resignation or a feeling of crushed expectations. Just so you know, it's completely normal to feel that way in your situation, and I think the other answer was good as well.Youngest brother- ENFP

Middle (me) - ISFP

Older (step)brother - INTP

Oldest (step) brother - INFPFe arrogance sometimes looks just as bad if not worse to me thoughwhy am I herevirtue signalling and the concept that feelings are not worth having unless they're expressedImages, Fi-domThis is basically my ISTJ mom except she calls us "lazy cows" lol.ISFP and the answer is yes.PoLR Ne makes it difficult to identify other people's perspectives (in the moment at least). And yes, I do find myself occasionally doing the same thing, although I try to avoid it for the most partINFJJuly, 9w1, ISFPISFP CancerI'm an Fi dominant and I can't relate to this at all.ISFP CancerISFP 22, I like instrumentals, melodic/alternative house, EDM, electronic, video game and anime OSTs, industrial, alt/synth rock, pop, miscellaneous songs from various genres/artistsGive him plenty of time to himself. But be there for him regardlessI'm on board with Tanya as ENTJ. (Watching Tanya kind of feels like watching an inverted version of myself)
I got upholderInfpI'm confused why is everyone saying sj's they seem like the most normal type of people to me. I would think they would be the least misunderstood people. I would probably say isfp, infp and infj. I think people usually don't get the reason they do things since they come to conclusions on so many "how should I live life" questions on their own. Of extroverts though I would definitely say entj, might even change them to overall, I think people often just see them as ruthless and uncaring when really they are just tying to be efficient. I got 94% those last three I just noped on. The two digit ones were hard enough I don't need three and four digits to figure out. there was only one right answer for each one if you follow a set provable pattern. I don't know what to tell you man. I didn't see a bunch of answers when I looked at them. All of them seemed to have one answer when I took it apart. I mean you could make flimsy arguments for a lot of different things on each question but they all also had one very clear answer that worked all the way through. 

For example 1, 1, 2, 6. 1 x 1 = 1, then 1 x 2 = 2(which is 1 times the number of numbers listed) 2 x 3 = 6( same rule) so the next one should be 6 x 4 =24. You could say 0,1,4, so the next one should be 10 and the number is 16, but that isn't really a pattern and can be done for any one of these. I think all or them besides estp and esfp. Which I think is odd sense isfp and istp are two of the most introverted introverts. I thought isfp when I watched the movie. He seems pretty emotional and kind of like the artist archetype.Yeah I feel like people in here take it too seriously, which I did for a while. It's not really a complete theory but it is a good building block to understanding that different people think differently.Infps be like "you see I'm an actor"I think it's the same with intp and infjI don't understand how you would rather be wrong than admit you made a mistake then you are just wasting more of your time being wrong instead of recognizing the mistake and now being right. You ever think that you don't like someone telling you you are wrong is because it makes you feel small or that your logic isn't as great as you thought it was. Sometimes I hate when people say I'm wrong after I say something I thought about for a while because it makes me feel dumb and I pride myself to some degree on being a pretty smart guy. I try not to let it show but I do feel it for a minute or so. Holy shit I did the same thing in college without the music stuff. Was a physics major that switched to psychology. Wish I had just gone into statistics since I'm trying to become a marketing analyst now after realizing that there isn't much money and I would have to go back to school, and I hate school, in my current field of education. My honest advice to you would be to not spend so much time internally trying to figure this stuff out, trying new things is the most efficient and lasting way to self discovery. I worked as a crisis cunsoltant in my senior year of college, I had never done anything like it before, I was always a shy and quite kid, and was terrified to do it but I learned more about myself doing that than the hours I spent in my room thinking about my past and "who am I". At the end of the day I think we really are just our reactions to stimuli how something new makes you feel really is who you are and to find that you have to do things that are new and different or else you don't really have a base. I'm an intp though, and since your life sounds so similar to mine I want to say you are too. I did that a while ago. I don't really go on this sub much anymore.you sound like a friend of mine he is impossible to argue with because of this. He wont ever admit he is wrong even when you give him so much evidence he is wrong. It works for him though hes pretty successful working for one of the big four accounting firms and makes a lot of money doing it. Although this isn't the best trait to have interpersonally it's honestly not a bad one to have professionally. Nerdy group played videogames and watched anime. Making me feel marginalized. AddI've always read it's infj's but it probably depends on the person more than anything else.This sounds a lot like me as a kid. My mom always said I was the kind of kid that didn't get comfortable at a big party until it was almost over.http://imgur.com/2Cl9bdMI feel like I read this post alreadyWhen I feel connected to the people around me. Coming to a realization. Accomplishing something that took a lot of effort.Makes me think "we don't believe you; you need more people"I got hornedserpentIve heard it's istpI've never really had this problem. I can get a long with both sides of the table. S still like to make jokes and I don't usually like to talk about theory with everyone. I usually like to talk to people about what's going on in there life and then talk about my life. The reason the big five is more popular is because it correlates with other tests. Conciousness can predict job performance opennes to experience is related with how you will vote and IQ. Mbti, currently, does neither of these. Big five also has more repeatability than mbti. I presonally think mbti is on to something but it needs a lot of work to get it to what it is trying to describe. In terms of predicting vocational placement and human behavior. I agree with this but disagree with the infj part. I would say enfjs are the best at getting their way. Infjs usually push too hard and are too perfectiontic without forming a complete understand of the manusia of people skills and end up getting themselves bullied. That being said if they get to be in a designed leadership role one where they automatically garner the respect of the people around them they do pretty well, but still not as well as enfj. On average obviously. But my experience with infj is that most of them get bullied a lot and don't really understand that they are or why.Do you mean infj are better at achieving their visions? If so then ide agree. But in terms of gaining popularity and controlling the people around them enfj are head and shoulders above them in my oppinion. Enfjs just get people they spend there entire lives trying to understand people skills and other people. Infj spend more time in there head thinking about where they feel the world should be it's till people oriented but more idealized. Enfjs are more what is before what should be while infj are more what should be before what is. I think a lot of you guys look too deeply into this shit 😂I work as a counselorI have one constantly. To people that don't how do you not get bored? I feel like mine keeps me entertained a lot of the time.I feel like enfp depends. But enfp is also the type to get into drugs and be a flunky Entj
Yes, I daydream. Some of the things I daydream about are opening up my own school, my ideal husband, what would happen if everyone had a self-driving vehicle, the world under total government control, and what it would be like to live on another planet. I have other daydreams, but I don't feel like listing them all. I daydream a lot. I daydream during conversations, and also while eating, showering, and studying. I prefer to daydream rather than engaging myself in the concrete world around me. I'd say my life is based off of my thoughts and daydreams, not the "real world" surrounding me. 





































































Some of the things I do for fun are reading, painting, drawing, and playing and listening to music. I also enjoy researching things. My favorite things to research are art and music. I'm currently developing a liking for doing research on philosophy and laws (both US and forgein laws). •Fi-35




•Si-34

















•Ni-30











•Ti-27
















•Te-13

































•Ne-10








•Se-6













•Fe-5


















This test has confused me even more on figuring out my type...I usually draw or paint nature scenes, but they tend to be somewhat abstract and not all that realistic. They're usually of scenes not in front of me--they tend to be made-up scenes, that may or may not exist. I usually write about my feelings and observations about the world and the behavior of other people. I guess I draw/paint these things because I find them fascinating, beautiful, and inspiring, and I guess I write about the things I write because I don't feel like I fit in with the world, and I'm trying to figure out the nature of the world and other people. Why? What are the traits of an ISFP?So, should I just write down observations about myself and then post them on this sub in another day or two? I really do not want to junk up this sub with post about myself. One basic instinct I have is that I try to avoid conflicts in order to maintain personal harmony. Another trait I have is I constantly make sure that a decision fits in with my personal moral code. A peculiarity I have is that I'm good at hiding my true thoughts and beliefs from the world. I've always come across a somewhat neutral person. Those are the only traits I can think of at the moment. I think I may be an ISFP, but I have a hard time relating to the "live in the moment" part of most ISFP descriptions. Here are my results: 














•**EXTROVERTED INTUITION-71%**
 



•**INTROVERTED INTUITION-75%**
 








•**EXTROVERTED SENSATION-28%**
 

















•**INTROVERTED SENSATION-41%**
 














•**EXTROVERTED THINKING-12%**
 
















•**INTROVERTED THINKING-49%**
 























•**EXTROVERTED FEELING-36%**
 


















•**INTROVERTED FEELING-84%**Yes, I always think about the future. I fantasize all the time, but I never romanticize things.My anxiety is so bad that I hate going outside. I've always struggled at doing essays/writing assignments, because I suck at writing, and I hate being judged. I hate college, and I don't know what to major in or do with my life, which is making my anxiety even worse. The only things I'm decent at are art and music, but I'm too old to major in those things. Anyways, that's unrelated to this post. At this point in my life, I can't imagine myself ever being able to let my hair loose and living in the moment. I hate studying. I'm currently attending a community college, because I did poorly on my ACT test, and I never retook it. Anyways, I take online classes, and I still hate college. The classes I'm taking are introduction to philosophy, introduction to literature, and history of western civilization 1. I'm a liberal airhead. My score was 2.40.I'm an ISFP. I'm not sexual. I hate shopping. I don't keep up with fashion trends. I'm not into casual flings or one-night stands. Just thinking about a career in the entertainment industry makes me nauseous. Also, I'm a Virgo. According to this chart, I should avoid Virgos. What should I do with myself? What does astrology have to do with MBTI? 60% on right brain and 70% on people watching. I'm ISFP. Moderately Quaternarian: 29% T, 71% Q.Why do you call every sensor who disagrees with you a "fake sensor"? I don't understand who I am. I can't relate to the the other Fi users in this thread. Maybe I'm not ISFP.Why do you think I might be an ISFJ? I'm an ISFP who consistently gets typed as an INFJ on most MBTI test. Here are my results: 



































































Very Clear Introversion: 21/21








Clear Intuition: 23/26









Moderate Feeling: 16/24










Clear Judging: 19/22






•22










•female






•Types I think I may be: ISFJ, ISTJ, ISFP







•The test I took were the Humanmetrics test, the 16 personalities test, arealme test, the Truity MBTI test, the Scott Munson MBTI test, John's 25 question MBTI test, and a plethora of other free MBTI test that I can't remember. The most consistent result I get is either INTJ or INFJ, with little to no difference between feeling and thinking. However, I don't think I'm an intuitive, because I hear it is the letter that is most commonly wrong, and I also read that sensors are more common than intuitives, so I think the test are wrong and I'm probably a sensor.








•On most enneagram test I'm typed as either a 5 or 5w6. On Socionics test, I'm usually typed as an EII or INFJ, and occasionally I get typed as a INTp (ILI), INTJ (LII) or an INFp (IEI). The Keirsey temperament test said I belonged to the "idealist" group. On the Big 5/OCEAN test, I get high on Openess, high on Conscientiousness, low on Extroversion, medium on Agreeableness, and high on Neuroticism. On the SLOAN test, the result I usually get is RLOAI; however, I've received RLUAI, RLOEI, RLOAN, and RLUAN as results, too.







•I understand the 8 Jungian cognitive functions, but I suck at explaining them. This is my understanding:




-Fe:feeling is towards others, social norms, making atmosphere comfortable






-Fi:Feelings are towards self, how you fit in the world, being true to ones self.






-Te: empirical data, forming logical systems in external world







-Ti: Logic, creating internal logical consistency.





-Ne: generates multiple ideas, able to connect unrelated things to one another.





-Ni: internal, sees patterns and archtypes






•Se: in touch with physical world, "live in the moment".





•Si: in touch with sensations of self, tends to think towards the past.





•I don't know what functions I use.





•Basic personality traits I possess:





-I'm shy.





-I have depression.








-I have anxiety.






-I enjoy painting, drawing, reading, and writing as hobbies.







-I hate talking, especially small talk.







-I'm a private person.







-I believe social media can go to hell.











-I hate "feel good" movies and TV shows. They're about feeding into the ego, not self-improvement, and I believe everyone should be striving towards self improvement, not ego-feeding.














-I don't understand why people take celebrities so seriously.













-I like learning, but I hate the college setting.







-I cannot stand group work.










-I often "shut down" in the middle of a conversation.











-I don't show emotions. I'm hard to read and understand.
















-I'm not an animal or kid person. I don't hate them, and I think many animals and small children are cute and/or sweet, and I hate to see abuse towards them, but I don't have the ability at the moment to take care of an animal in the way they deserve, and I don't have the patience for children. I don't know if I want any in the future.









-I hate seeing pictures of people who are in poverty, sick animals and humans, or abused animals and people. It makes me cry and it destroys my day.














-I don't have a fashion style that I follow. I pretty much wear anything that catches my eye. However, I'm not a fan of minimalism.











-When I'm stressed I tend to under eat, and I tend to crave and think about sex more than usual. I also over or under sleep. In order to relieve my stress, I have to do something physical, such as exercise or masturbate.












-I'm bad at eye contact.









-I'm easily overwhelmed.







-I can go several weeks without human interaction.







-I rarely state my opinions on things, eventhough I do have many opinions.









-I'm not in touch with my own feelings, but I'm in touch with the feelings of others.















-I don't want to climb the "career ladder". I'm not interested in a career in medicine, business, engineering, technology, or science. I've thought about becoming a grant writer, paralegal, editor, librarian, and curator, but I don't know which one to choose. I'd rather be a housewife, but I think it's pointless to be a housewife if I don't want children.






-I have a penchant for men 10-15 years older than me.










•I can't think of anything else. You can ask other questions if you like.I'm a 22 year old female who has been into MBTI for the past 3-4 years. At first, I thought I was an INTJ or INTP, but now I'm starting to wonder if I'm actually a feeler. Anyways, I've been reading about the cognitive functions for a few months, but I still can't determine what functions I use and in what order. 



































































**Here are some of my personality traits:**


















•I'm shy.












•I'm extremely quiet. I usually don't talk unless I have to. In fact, I hate talking. 





















•I have anxiety and depression.

































•I'm not a very "warm" person. I'm hard to read, and I don't express my emotions all that often. No ever really knows what I think or feel. 



































•I hate being "in charge". I have no desire to lead anyone, and I'm not interested in having a job or career where I'm in charge of people. I guess you could say I'm passive. 











































•I have no desire for a "high power" career. In fact, I have no desire to have a career. My dream since I was in middle school is to be a housewife, and have no more than 2 children, because I'm not very fond of children. However, I know this is highly unlikely, and I've thought about becoming a grant writer, a technical writer, a librarian, a curator, or a paralegal. 






































•I like drawing and painting. I find both activities to be calming, and I've come to the conclusion that I need to express myself through writing, drawing, or painting in order to keep my sanity. 










































•I don't express my opinions all that often. Also, I don't like debating for the sake of debating. I hate arguing. 
























•I'm not a bubbly person. I hate smiling. I've been called a bitch before due to the fact I'm not bubbly, and I don't smile or laugh when people tell me to. 









































•I don't like being in large groups. I hate group work. 






















•When I am in groups with people, I prefer to talk about serious topics. I'm not a fun-loving person. 


























•I hate it when people act over-emotional just to get sympathy and attention. I guess I just hate attention-seeking people, period. 



























•I hate social media. 

















•When I'm upset, I usually don't argue with the other person. I usually just cry a lot and go to a different room. Like I said, I hate arguing. 





















•I like to hear other people's opinions. I believe that no one should be shut out of a group or discussion for holding unconventional views. 




























•I like "beautiful" things . I've been told I have expensive taste, and I've also been told I have exquisite taste. 

























•I'm a pretty organized, clean person. 































•I enjoy reading about art history and music history. 














•I don't understand why people try to live up to society's stands as opposed to their own, personal standards. 




















-That's all I can think of right now. Feel free to ask questions. 




&lt;3I can only speak for myself, but I'd classify myself as either True Neutral or possibly Neutral Good. Definitely not chaotic.I don't think there's a reason why we couldn't. 

I don't think ISFPs are as bad as you make them out to be, but then again I'm not totally sure I'm ISFP. I've taken probably 10 tests and the only thing that's ever completely constant is the ISxx part. It also seems like 5w6 and ISFP isn't really a thing that overlaps. So who knows. Oh I definitely wasn't offended, I could even see some truth in what you were saying. But yeah, it's hard to make general rules when it comes to E-types being congruous with MBTI types. Every time anyone asks a question about a certain MBTI type or E-type I feel like I have to tell them that even though I'm saying this as a kind of representative of my type, everyone is different. The only person I can truly represent is myself.I was actually going to guess ISFJ as well. How about ISTP?I wouldn't necessarily say ISFPs are outgoing. I lean HEAVILY to introvert, so I'm not really outgoing unless I'm around people I've let into my circle. Seems like a ton of people are just completely missing the introverted part of ISFPs. I hate being the center of attention unless I'm around people in my circle (a very small circle). Then, yes, I can tend to be the center of attention. I'm not INFP, I'm ISFP, but still Fi-dom. I'm definitely not this inflexible. Maybe some or even most Fi-doms are, but it definitely isn't a rule.Eh. I think Zodiac signs are complete bullshit, and I definitely don't meditate. I fit your ESFP description very well, which is obviously kind of a sister type to ISFP, though I'm not religious personally.Yeah it's definitely the same with me. It's just only possible in small bursts. Stereotypes don't really affect me, I just act how I feel like acting..... which is a stereotype of my type. Oh well.ISFP? I don't know, I'm shit at thisIf I have way way way way too much in a short time frame I get jittery, but other than that I don't notice caffeine having much of an effect on me. It certainly doesn't give me energy. 

Alcohol just makes me drunk, obviously, and that makes me WAY more talkative. I say shit that I think when I would usually keep it to myself. ISFP. Owning a small business. That requires capital that I don't have though.I don't really know how to describe my high school self. I got along with everybody and was somewhat popular in a not actually popular way if that makes any sense at all. I was mainly a part of the "smart kids that aren't anti-social or super weird but still don't go to parties" clique. We were all big sports fans and played shit like Call of Duty and NBA 2k all the time after school. I wasn't in any clubs and was probably the biggest class/school skipper and enigma in the school my last two years there. 

Seems pretty stereotypical ISFP to me. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯I see how it is.A good death.ISFP. Sports have been a massive part of my life in many ways. As soon as I was able to run I was playing sports. Baseball and golf first, then basketball, football, and soccer. I ended up stopping football because I wasn't big enough, but I played the other 4 all the way through high school, golf and baseball being what I played competitively. I still play basketball and golf now at 20. 

I've also watched sports for as long as I can remember. My parents tell me that when I was 4 years old I would wake up at 6 in the morning every day to watch Sportscenter. I was also born and spent my first 5 years of life in a college town, and I went to all the home football games and some basketball games. From there I basically transitioned into a life of watching sports. Football, basketball, baseball, soccer, golf, hockey; I watch them all. Some of the teams I follow are a very big part of my life, Everton and the Boston Celtics especially.

So yeah, it's a big deal for me.[Give it a shot! (and don't look at my comment history)](https://imgur.com/a/BPdx5)

I'm an Fi (ISFP) and this is definitely something I do. There are certain songs that I absolutely cannot separate from the time that I was with my ex, so that every time I hear them I think of her and feel really nostalgic for how I was feeling then. I thought that kind of thing was something most people do though. Nope!You're warm.Almost!You got it!Nope!I was thinking it would be difficult to guess but people got close immediately.1/3Nope and nope, though I have tested as a Si a couple times. Warmer!Honestly, it's not out of the realm of possibility.ISFP. I listen to a lot of different stuff, but my favorite genre is definitely hip hop/rap. Really into Kanye, Wiz, Wale, Yachty, A$AP Rocky, Young Thug, Chance, Vic Mensa, and Kendrick Lamar currently. Yellow team forever. ISFP.

Disclaimer: I gave 0 shits about the descriptions and picked yellow because it's my favorite color.Yeah I really doubt it's a type thing. Yeah it just doesn't make sense for there to be much correlation. I think type can have an influence, but certainly not a huge one.This is almost the exact same way I feel. Except the good human being part, I'm cool with passable.To elaborate on my reply in this thread, I'm decently well informed.

My problem is that lots of people are easily misled, and a lot of people just follow their uninformed, personal biases, so I just try to stay as far out of political discussions as I can. Most people think they know best and won't ever change that, so why argue?

Politics are all about people who want to make THEIR lives better. There are very few politicians who are actually out to help the majority, regardless of whether or not they're part of it. That's just human nature. How many people go out of their way to help others? Not many. There's no reason to expect politicians to somehow be different. Incredible. You learn how to better handle new things when you try them. Why didn't I think of that?

This really did not need to be so long or so filled with jargon. 

Edit: That said, I don't want to be mean-spirited. I really appreciate the effort you put into writing this. I enjoy this sub and wish it had more contributors. I certainly wouldn't put in the effort to make a post like this. I just don't like when simple things are made overcomplicated.Nope. Throughout history, politicians/leaders have always had their own interests at heart. The system of government has never changed that. Best case scenario (aka like any system with elected government is SUPPOSED to work), helping the people is the best way for them to help themselves. The problem is that there will always be uneducated voters making uninformed decisions.Leave type out of it and just do your thing. To me, one of my favorite things about meeting people is how completely different people can really connect and become good friends. Embrace differences and just be friendly and be yourself. 

Even as a massive fucking introvert I've made friends with all kinds of people who I'm almost completely different from. In a way those are my favorite kinds of friendships. I love relationships like that too. Every time I've dated someone who I'm very different from personality wise it's been much more satisfying than dating people who I'm similar to. Anyway, that's getting off topic. 

Basically what I'm saying is to just try to let connections come naturally, which I do understand is harder for introverts. It's just better to do that than make fitting in a big mission of yours. No clue. Sounds like there's very little that you can do besides be friendly with the people that you do see. It's unfortunate that the office is set up that way. Male ISFP.

So I buy a small abandoned warehouse by the river in a big city. Fill it with some nice earthy colors (mostly browns). One wall is just a big window facing the city. Comfortable leather couch and a chair or two, rugs over a hardwood floor, etc. Just filled with the basics. Comfortable bed, decent kitchen, decent wooden desk, small bathroom with a glass shower and a stone floor. That's really it.

Nothing fancy, just a small, comfortable space. First, I have no friends that would confess a murder to me. I'm not saying this because I don't have friends that would murder someone, which I don't, but I'm not close enough to them for them to confess that to. 

But if it did hypothetically happen, yes, I would. There are very limited circumstances in which I wouldn't, like if it was self-defense but wouldn't appear that way for whatever reason, but yeah. Don't kill people, it's bad.Steel type forever. I'm sad that they got shit on in the newest type chart but oh well.Yeah. It's just jarring as someone who played tons of every generation before the changes and very little afterwards. I've been doing an all steel team in X/Y and I keep forgetting that it doesn't resist ghost/dark. ?ISFP. Lol. I don't.

Seriously though, I just procrastinate until I can't procrastinate anymore. Once I've waited until the last possible minute I just grind until whatever I have to do is done. I've always done this, and I'm perfectly okay with continuing to do it. I have never, ever gotten anything done early. And the thing is, it doesn't matter what the consequences of not doing something are, I do it just so I can say I got it done.ISFP: Clear your mind and enjoy the world. ISFP. I basically become extroverted. I'm super talkative and silly, say whatever pops into my head, and laugh way too much.Unfortunately life doesn't always turn out that poetic, but it's definitely the way I'm drawn to live.I don't know enough about types to point out which ones these are, but at least I personally as an ISFP don't get along with people that tend to be controlling or demanding. I could go into a situation with them with good intentions in my heart and end up completely doing a 180 just to spite them. 

For example, a group project. I can go in thinking "alright, I'm gonna do my part, be cooperative, and get this shit done", and if someone tries controlling the situation, creating deadlines, being forceful about how things should be done, etc, I might just decide fuck you, if you want it done your way, you're doing most of the work.

Basically, I want to live my life how I want to live it in any given moment. If someone is forcing certain expectations on me that suppress that, we have a problem. That's why I have problems with clingy girlfriends, particularly earnest friends, and certain authority figures. Let me do my thing, I'll let you do your thing, and everything is going to be sunshine and roses. 

I also really don't get along with people that are inconsiderate or rude, but that's not a certain type that does that, it's just assholes. 

No, it doesn't really have anything to do with people being direct, I'm fine with that.

Say I'm living with a roommate, and that roommate invites his friends over to drink and whatever without asking me. That kind of rude.I am being hypothetical, I just don't like when people are inconsiderate like that. And like I said, it's not a type that's inconsiderate, just assholes. I'd say most people don't like assholes, but there are a lot of things that prove otherwise.It's not that I want it to be organized a certain way, I want as little to be structured as possible. I hate making future plans, it just feels so restrictive. I want to do my part, even if it's the biggest part, on my own terms. I know there's no rudeness intended, I just don't want to be micromanaged, and I definitely make that known. It's people that try to do it anyway that kill me. It's like they're not comfortable unless every little detail is ironed out in advance. As long as I have a task and a deadline, I'll be fine. I don't want anything extraneous. Yeah, for the group project example micromanaging is the main problem.

In general though, I just want as much time as possible where I get to decide what I want to do when that time comes, which I guess again makes micromanaging the main problem. I'd rather have people around me that are cool with being spontaneous than meticulous planners. It's not that I hate planners, we just don't get along well.The ISFP one isn't accurate for me at all. Really it just seems like you have the wrong idea about ISFPs in general, or maybe you just don't like them. 

I don't want anyone to cater to me. I don't need someone to "understand my ever changing emotions". I'd rather date someone who has some self confidence and doesn't feel the need to over analyze things.

I just want to have fun, preferably with someone playful and spontaneous like me. Possibly, but the thing is the difference is huge. I **HATE** when people go out of their way to be "accommodating". Like, it couldn't be any further from accurate. It annoys me so much that the description seems condescending. Oh, so not identifying with your description is because I'm a Fi dom, and not simply because it's inaccurate? 

Incredible. What a terrible subreddit. I can't say there's anything I would add to it, there's just lots I'd rather not be there. 

Stuff like "INTUITIVE WALL OF SHAME", "INTJs Exposed and dismantled", "INFPs Exposed and dismantled", and "10 reasons why sensors are better" is just not good to have on the sidebar. Why is there a need to antagonize Intuitives? 

The whole subreddit just looks like shitposts and drama without much actual discussion. First, I'm an ISFP. Second, I'll say that it generally takes a lot for me to actually commit to a relationship with someone (because I hate the feeling of being committed to do anything), so I've never broken up with anyone because I ended up not liking them that much.

Every time I've broken up with someone, it was because they got too clingy for me. They always wanted to talk to me, spend time with me, etc. That's not bad on it's own, but they would get upset when I wasn't constantly giving them that. That's just something I can't deal with. I need to have some amount of freedom to spend time with other people, or on my own, even for a couple days or a week at a time. That's just how I am. Sometimes I just burn out and need to recharge. 

That's happened 3 times now. Once after a year and a half, once after a few months, and another time after just a few weeks. The prospect of this happening again makes it even harder for me to get into relationships than it already was. I hate hurting people.Not really lol, I'm not up to the task of running a subreddit. I can hardly preserve my sanity as is. Sorry.I'm going to answer with the relationship I enjoyed most, though it wasn't necessarily the most successful (when I say wasn't necessarily the most successful, I mean it was a complete shitshow). That was with an ENTJ. I was definitely at least an equal contributor to the shitshow, but yeah. It was fun while it lasted. As an ISFP, I definitely wouldn't be surprised if she was one.&gt; ISFP - Cersei from GoT

Damn I didn't think I would get THIS annoyed with anything in this thread.She's so bad at showing that she cares about anyone that I find it hard to believe that she even does. I think she's just a psychopath who says she loves her brother and her children because she wants to and believes that she should. What kind of loving mother completely ignores what her child wants? What kind of lover does things she knows her counterpart will hate? 

All Cerci has ever wanted and will ever want is power. She's shown that countless times. She's a terrible, malicious person to the core.ISFP. On my stomach, with at least one arm under my pillow, exclusively. Heedless.I look serious/indifferent 95% of the time. I do hide my feelings when I can. It feels natural. 

That said, I always know how I feel about anything that's happening, in fact it still seems strange that there are people that don't know that naturally and immediately. I just almost never tell or show anyone those feelings.  

I'm not the greatest at reading body language/facial expressions, but I'm definitely not the worst either. I read into language and words, like you said in your last full paragraph, MUCH more deeply though. A lot of times, so deeply that it's a flaw of mine. I add meaning to things people say and the way they say them when it might not actually be there. 

That's not "backwards" though. There is meaning in what exactly people say and how they say it, no matter how much people want to deny it. People who say there is no emotion in their words are either robots, they're lying, or they simply can't recognize it themselves. &gt; I think sometimes though, there is a difference between the emotions conjured by the words, and the actual feeling behind them

That's true, and sometimes the feeling behind words can be nigh impossible to understand when you're just reading simple text with little to no context. 

&gt; Like in one of the current /r/mbti threads we talk about introverts being negative. There is obviously a bad feeling around being called negative, but it is intended to be neutral.

Is it? People can say it's neutral, but almost everyone has a preference for either negative or positive people, and usually it's for positive. So even if there's no harm or ill-meaning behind the word in the context of the discussion, negativity is still generally seen as a negative (hell, I just used negative to describe something bad or unwanted, so it's easy to see why negative as a word is viewed in the light that it is, even when used to describe a mindset) trait, so I can see why people might not like being lumped in and seen as negative just because they're introverted. 

That's off topic though, and your point is definitely a good one.  I couldn't ever do anything related to social services. I read that, and I still don't agree.I do, but that has little to do with working in social services. That's the point of a lot of careers, but I know multiple people who work in social services, and they both do it because they like kids. I don't think it's a very good example of people who do what they do because of a strong ideal.ISFP - International Studies

Going to be a cop when I graduate.I got INTP.

I've dated 5 people, and I've always found myself to do better with extroverts, but who knows.ISFPs can easily be good programmers. Whether they like it or not is a different story.I don't want to argue about this. They just can. Functions have very little influence on how good someone can be at most things, including programming. Your Fi friend is a lot like me in that sense, though I wouldn't say it's a super severe problem for me. I just get depressed for a night or so every now and then that because everything just feels fucking pointless. I do the same thing. Hearing someone say something I know is factually incorrect like it's true is unbelievably infuriating to me. I've been known my whole life as someone who is generally agreeable but occasionally will get into an argument and not move an inch from my position. It's really an obnoxious problem that I have, and I'd love to be able to just make it go away. I just absolutely cannot rest until someone who is spreading false information realizes they're wrong.Not in my mostly uninformed opinion. I wouldn't bother doing anything with the clothes, though I would be annoyed with her. Firstly, if she wants to do that, while I think it's not a great thing to do, I'm still going to let her do her. It's no skin off my back. Secondly, I don't care enough to stir up trouble over it. I wouldn't risk her finding out.I really doubt the main motivation was "taking an appropriate moral action". To me, the person OP is asking about sounds like a manipulative person who's doing it for her own benefit. Yes, she's spending some of the money on her friends, but there's nothing more valuable to a manipulator than good will. That's all really speculation though. Sure, in theory, but I would never say that you should choose to get into or avoid a relationship with someone just because of their type. Why ask a question when you already have some answers you agree with and some you won't?Ah. Similarly to Republicans being "from the party of Reagan", I'm now inextricably "from the type of Harry Potter". I'll take it.59% ISFP, the only other significant percentage was INFP. Seems to do pretty well for me.I always thought a confederacy would be coolCan we apply tooFairHell no I'd definitely be out there with the weedCope is putting what I do very nicely. If it's someone I really cared about there's basically a cloud hanging over me for a long time to come. For the first few days after I might hole up alone and try to deal with it, and after that I'll go about my life as normal, but anytime I'm alone with time to think I'll just feel awful about it. Honestly even thinking about it now still hurts. I skipped class more than anyone else in the school, had a small group of friends who I played rec sports and video games with, and got fairly average grades.

I got along with and talked to basically everybody but was close to absolutely no one. I didn't goof off at all in class when I was actually there, I saved all that for when I skipped. 

I was very self centered and only ever did what I personally felt like doing, which in turn means that I never studied or did homework at home. I never went to parties. I always hung out with the same people when given the choice. 

That's a fairly basic description of how I acted in high school.Why in god's name does it matter what type of job you have?Idk but I always enjoyed Death Knight the most. I played Warlock pre-wrath. Well I'm ISFP and not picky at all so there's thatThat's not really specifically an Fi moment imo I mean I'm definitely not an expert either, I just think it's not an Fi moment because it's definitely not something I would do, and my main function is Fi. I'd probably have fun just running around slaughtering beggars for a while. 

For one thing, yes people with Fi as their main function do see the world through the lens of a personal code of ethics, but that doesn't mean traditional good is always good and traditional evil is always evil in the eyes of that person. Their code of ethics can be completely different than someone else's code of ethics. 

Regardless of that, I think it's completely unrelated to MBTI. It's not like only Fi users would feel bad about killing beggars, and it's also not correct to assume that all Fi users would. I think it's just a personal thing. Some people would feel that way and some people wouldn't, and I don't think type would play that hugely into it.

Anyway, I'm turning what's supposed to be a fun thing into something waaaay too serious, so I'll chill now.Well, yeah, I think it's wrong to kill beggars too, but I'll still do it and won't care at all because it's a game. Just because something violates my personal code of ethics doesn't mean it bothers me very much or at all. It's always consequences that bother me. Not the action itself.Fuck horror movies, I don't watch them and I never willI have too little regard for my own well being. I act impulsively and do the thing that I feel like doing rather than what I know is actually best for me. This can be decisions that only affect myself, or it can be putting others before myself to an extreme. 

An example of the first one is spending all of my money on luxuries when I might actually need it for something important (food, medicine, etc) later. An example of the second is staying up all night just to keep someone company even though I have class in the morning.Ping Pong the Animation is my favorite for sure. Initial D and Samurai Champloo are also in my top 5.

I've never really been a big fan of western cartoons but I have watched and did enjoy all of South Park. This shit was too damn longIdk, I'm probably the least artistic person of all time, and also probably the farthest away from a hard worker as a person can get. Is idealistic even a strength?Idealistic fits me much better than ambitious. I see idealism as a desire or wish for a subjectively better reality, and ambition as a desire AND a will to work for a concretely better future. 

Idealism just isn't something I would view as being a reliable strength. Sometimes it is, and sometimes it isn't. I know this is how sites like this are designed to work, but it's still cool how I can see all the ISFP traits fitting me. I'm positive Kobe isn't ENTJ0.6

1.6

1.0Apparently I write like an ENTJ lmao. 

On the real though, I do actually write in a completely different way than I do anything else. I'm a massive introvert, yet with every piece of writing I submit it judges me as a strong extravert. On almost every question there was no answer I actually agreed with. People in my life.

Really just my ex.I think INFP is a pretty good shout. The whole "this type is very emotional and cries a lot" thing is very misleading. For example, that's what ISFP is supposed to be like as well, but there is no one in the world besides my mother and 1 ex-girlfriend that has ever seen me get very emotional or cry. I can be very emotional but I just hold it in, in public anyway.

Maybe I'm just falsely linking his traits to traits I have because that's a natural human tendency (I'm sure there's a name for it, someone help me out), but I think ISFP is a strong possibility as well. All of the things you listed are things that fit me. Hmm, I don't really know enough about xNTPs to know if they would say something like that, but it's definitely something I would say (though it would be in less fluffy terms, probably "just do what you want" or "do what feels right"). Does acting outwardly different than you feel inwardly count as lying? If so, I'm definitely great at it. If not, I'm still good, but when it comes to people I actually care about (like 10 people in the world max) I actually make it a point to tell the truth even if it ends up making things worse than lying. I'm always putting up a facade around people I don't care about, so when I'm out of that environment I want nothing more than to be truly and completely honest.I do doodle sometimes, but above all else I try to sit in the most isolated place possible and either take notes or drift off into the clouds depending on how I'm feeling.&gt; ignore him to see if he will make the effort if pushed

You have no idea how annoying this is to me.

Anyway, before I go further, I'll just say you should take any responses with a few grains of salt. Especially to your last question. Even if 2 people are ISFPs, it doesn't necessarily mean they do the same things as each other when faced with the same situation, and it definitely doesn't mean they have the same opinions on casual sex. 

That out of the way, I'm going to answer all of your questions that I can with what I personally would do.

1. Personally, I won't ever be in a relationship where I have to make all the effort. It's just not worth it to me. So, yes, I do need to see at least some effort. I'm totally cool to do a lot if I'm really into someone, but I don't want to do it all.

2. I lose interest, I stop initiating contact. It's very noticeable. 

3. If I'm interested in someone, I do get more self conscious, which does make me a little more reserved. Once I'm comfortable with someone though I'm completely open and talkative, interested or not.

4. To the first question, maybe. It depends on a lot. I'm very careful with my free time and weigh options carefully. I'll do what feels most worth it. But yeah, I'm definitely fine with casual sex. To the second question, HELL NO, and not necessarily because I decide to be a decent human being. I'd never have sex with someone who I knew had feelings for me when I don't feel the same way. It's just way too much trouble than it's worth. I don't want to lead anyone on, I don't even want to be near people that have unrequited feelings for me. It's just trouble.

5. I don't even ever find out if I can walk all over people because I never want to take advantage of anyone in any way. Not of their feelings, and especially not of kindness. I go out of my way to avoid possibly inconveniencing anyone in my life all the time. I don't know whether I'd say I lose respect for people who are taken advantage of or not. I don't gain any negative feelings for them, but I do think it makes me see them as weaker.

6. I do distance myself from everyone when I'm having problems, but I don't know that it's necessarily because of a lack of energy. I don't ever, ever, EVER want ANYONE to know that I'm having problems at all, and I think I distance myself because it's easier to stop them from finding out that way.

7. "Confused by my feelings" isn't something I'd say I've ever been, and in fact I was under the impression that ISFPs understand their feelings on a basic level very well. I certainly do. It's very easy for me to decide how I feel about someone. Do I like spending time with them? If yes, I like them. If not, I don't. If I like someone, I'm always down to take a shot at a relationship. Gotta do it just to see what happens, because you never know.
My brotha. Cats are first love, and secondly probably ENFP's. They are very different. ISFP tend to have shyness as a trait, INFJ is not usually the shy type. Instead, INFJ are more passive, which sometimes can be mistaken for being too shy to do something. INFJ's are more likely to have an idea or a plan to do something, but never do it; they tend to get stuck thinking or sitting on it and wind up never getting around to it. 

ISFP is much more likely to rush out a (not very thorough) plan and just do it, or impulsively take action. ISFPs can plan, but sometimes prefer "planning on the go" or making the plan up as they go and this does not stress them out at all. It feels almost freeing. The INFJs I know really do not like that style and want to have something planned before they step out the door or they will be lowkey stressed/anxious from not knowing. Seems stereotypical J vs P differences, but it does show in real life. 

Also it is fairly true that ISFPs don't pay attention to rules simply on the basis that they are rules. If rules conflict with what they feel like doing (no matter how arbitrary this desire is), then screw the rules I'm going to go off and do my own thing. Last thing, if an ISFP is upset with you/doesn't like you, it will usually show. An INFJ's high Fe makes it hard for them to openly show their dislike towards someone, but ISFP's Fi doesn't care quite as much.Do you like catsAs ISFP, I'd like to try out my opposite ENTJ for a day. It would probably terrify my friends and family though. 
- Yes. I'm a very cautious driver, thanks to being taught by an SJ dad.
- Kind of. It's more that I enjoy driving alone as opposed to being driven by someone else.
- I daydream a lot if the environment is bland. In a big city, I love taking in the sights.
- Music always. Makes it easier to daydream too.
- No road rage. I just move on.
- ISFP.Most of your examples sound like the ISFP is just immature as a person, and they need to develop themselves more. It doesn't sound like an S/N problem so I'm not sure why you labeled it as such. You can hardly paint all S types with that kind of behavior, it is more specific to ISFP as a whole and you might be missing the solution by believing it is an S issue alone. 

As you've said yourself, its a communication issue between the two of you. Have you let your ISFP know that these habits of theirs hurt you? ISFP may also be an F-dom, but they aren't mind readers. If you honestly tell them that it hurts you when they cancel plans that you've been looking forward to, then they should try to adjust their behavior accordingly. If they don't, then you have a whole different issue than mere lack of communication.

For the lack of them being direct with you, did you tell them that you prefer that they be direct instead of beating around the bush? You might consider that your ISFP actually thinks that they are doing the kinder, more loving thing by being soft with you. I know I do, unless someone tells me otherwise. Perhaps they think that, as friends or significant others their friend/partner looks for warmth, love and gentleness in the relationship, so it is their duty to be that source for you. Being direct and possibly hurting you is against this idealization, so as your partner, they want to avoid anything that would make you not be able to find comfort in them.  I would want to be that safe space where you won't get any criticisms and you can come be yourself and relax with me any time. The passive-aggressiveness can also be a part of this, they are too afraid that a direct confrontation will damage the relationship so they use this in the hopes you'll "get the hint" so that minimal damage is done. It's not a good method, but this might be their internal reasoning. I just wanted to say the ISFP description is extremely accurateIm ISFP, and I love people who can command a presence in the room, are bold, confident, dominating and don't let other people push them around. Also someone who isnt passive, but will fight and go and get what they want instead of hoping that it will fall on their lap or work out somehow. Im a bit of an angry fighter (fight for what I think is right! :) )so a passive person doesnt work well with me. 

Bonus if other people find them a little intimidating or a bit scary, I tend to find that very attractive somehow.... someone who has the ability to protect me is super good in my books.ISFP, Mystic.

I actually think the Yellow team description fits much better, but my favorite color is blue so...ISFP. My creative process is choosing the technical skill I want to practice, then finding an idea that will let me use it. (It can be something like "I want to try drawing shiny metal today so lets do a still life of rin cans" or "I feel like penciling a lot of curves, so lets draw something with a flowy gown" 

 I never resonated with posts that say ISFP likes to make dramatic emotionally charged art. I like the technical aspect of it more than getting out any "angst", so I'm the kind of person that paints that generic flowers in a vase painting that you hang in your dining room. 

My fun/enjoyment &gt; pursuing an ideaA lot of these are accurate! And for the ISFP one, I think we're very similar to INFP in that we want structure but also want to be independent and not controlled. SP's have always had that seed of rebelliousness towards people trying to tell them what to do or control them ;)ISFP, Chemistry. I particularly focus on lab work and the hands on aspect of the field. There are Chem majors who hate the lab stuff, but I love it.ISFP, got INTJ and second time ENTJ 

 I tend to like them a lot, however my only gripe with xNTJs is if they have a bad case of being overy arrogant or prideful. ENTJs to a lesser degree though.Tbh, I'm not a fan of publicly letting your whole workplace know your type because of the stereotypes and assumptions placed on each. I don't want my boss consciously or subconsciously thinking that because I'm a P, I would be automatically worse at a management position than a J, or that I'm an F so they assume that I'm not as good at logical problem solving required for a certain project. Unless I'm doing a creative job (highly unlikely) I'd probably be very tempted to score ISTP instead of ISFP on a workplace test if they gave it, since I work in IT.  Fi doesn't really ever get used in certain workplace environments, so it wouldn't be that hard to fake being certain types. 

I think it works alright in a heavy team-oriented workplace to allow members to understand each other, but I don't like using a person's type as a significant point of consideration when assigning tasks or roles. Instead of using assumed strengths/weaknesses, it should be based on the actual merits of the person. ISFP, Python. I don't get to use it much though, because my current job uses C++Yeah. The lack of insight and content can be somewhat discouraging when I'm really interested in the topic. 

What's a bummer is the discrepancy between the amount of N-centered content to S-centered content, or even the amount of content between singular types. I recently learned about Enneagrams, and I was absolutely astounded by the amount of fantastic articles and content for my enneagram type compared to other enneagram types. It's not something I'm used to, being ISFP. But can you guess why? It's because I'm 4w5, and it's commonly attributed to INFP's and INFJ's. In fact, nearly any time when I read write-ups on 4w5, if you look in the tags, it's tagged as #INFP #INFJ #4w5 because it's assumed that's your mbti if you're 4w5. Compared to 9w1 which is common for ISFP, 9w1 content is like finding water in a desert. But hey, I finally got a taste for what it feels like to be swimming in content.Se-Ni and Fe-Ti should I think. The first is Se noticing very slight and subtle changes in face and body language in the moment and being able to use Ni to figure out what it means. The second is Fe feeding off people and simply being able to absorb and pick up on mood changes simply as part of the nature of the function and using Ti to find out why that would be so. 

Strangely, I have noticed that ESFPs for some reason aren't that great at reading people. It makes me wonder if Se dom is actually too engaged in interacting with the person that it makes it difficult to slow down enough and take notice of those details? I don't know. Perhaps an ESFP could comment on this.Uh, why do you love that ENTP's never seem to be close with S types?Uh, okay. What I don't understand from your inital comment is why you speak of it like it's a good thing or something to be proud of. I'd think being unable to connect and enjoy close relationships with people simply because they  are S (which they say make up most of the people you may meet on a given day) is something a bit sad, and something that a person would want to overcome  rather than feel exhilarated about.Hah! I love your description ;) I agree. After all, one of the greatest applications of mbti theory is using it to overcome differences like S/N after all. It's something a mature person would strive to do in order to enrich their knowledge and perspective.It's possible, but I think it can also put you way off the mark. I've also kind of noticed that when some people are developing their tertiary, they can have a very strong interest in things associated with that function because that particular hobby, genre, or interest is the easiest and most enjoyable way for them to use a function that usually they struggle with. This can make it hard to type them based on interest because it could be their dom, aux, or tert function causing it.

For example, I'm an ISFP with half my hobbies/interests being typical ISFP things (art) and the other half being things associated with being an Ni user or Ti user, such as having a philosophy degree, my favorite books being ones that are layered with multiple meanings and themes that are fun to figure out, programming. Aside from the art, I have very similar interests to my INTP friend who is otherwise miles different from me.

I think you can try looking at your hobbies, but find out WHY you like them. Maybe we can look at them.
Since Artravus already gave you quite a detailed and accurate answer, I'll just emphasize what I think is important. ISFP is definitely one of those types that need to be chased or have effort put towards. You saw this yourself, seeing that he would only come up to talk after mustering up the courage; this can be tiring and discouraging after a while because it's difficult for him.  I've prevoously been in a solid relationship with an INFP before and the lack of confident initiation on anything from either of us was sometimes painful and made the relationship more taxing than it should have been. 

As a fellow Fi dom, your ISFP probably isn't confused about his own emotions but might be confused and conflicted about what you think of him, do you still like him, etc. Anxious thoughts like those can be made worse if he feels like he is always the one having to bring up the courage to initiate  (perhaps she doesn't like me enough to talk to me first) or you don't react or you ignore his presence (she just treats me as if I was any other person)*raises hand!* 
ENTJs act all confident and whatnot until you find that soft spot where they leak that Fi and become big softies for a certain thing :')ISFP 4w5

Slytherin

Wampus

Dragonheartstring and aspen

These all fit me great. I'm a more aggressive/competitive variety of ISFP and don't resonate with the seeking harmony/avoiding conflict description so much.Uh, I will kind of disagree with another poster here: it is okay and even great to go and make your own friends directly. Don't worry about high school. My lifelong friends came from college. But that doesn't mean you'll make more friends by doing the same exact thing you're doing now, which probably doesn't work. The key is to put effort and sweat and work into your relationships and they will turn into friendships. Most of my close friendships don't have common interests with me, because that is not necessary to be friends. In fact, your truly best friends may not be all that similar to you, because the strength of your friendship doesn't have to rely on a common interest. It can, but doesn't have to be and don't deny yourself possible amazing friendships by assuming that they do.

 You just need to be thoughtful, genuinely interested in the other person, and willing to put in effort to be a good friend.  Friends will follow. If they don't, step back and reflect on what you may have done or how you may have acted that might repel people. Work to improve your character for your own sake. A nice side benefit is that people are drawn to people of good character.I would second this as a possibility. In that case, it may be that OP is a 4w5 rather than 5w4. To avoid being stressed, sometimes Fi can be "dampened" by taking a live and let live approach to life (which suits the individualist free spirit nature of ISFP/ISTP just fine) and by adopting an "I stopped caring/I don't care what you do" attitude which can protect Fi from being hurt or triggered. It's actually a common attitude for ISFP too. We are not all emotionally high strung softies who burst our feelings left and right. That kind of mindset and lifestyle is not sustainable and will lead to emotional unstability, which is why ISFP may compensate by doing the opposite. 

But my money is definitely on ISxP.Live in the moment for ISFPs can be very dampened due to anxiety and depression. As an ISFP myself, I've struggled with it for the past few years and you would definitely not call me someone "fun loving " or likes to live in the moment when I was constantly dragging around invisible cinder blocks due to these mental and emotional issues. It's probably the same for you. It's pretty hard to throw yourself in the thick of the moment and revel in it when you have anxiety and depression  gnawing at you and holding you back, right?

However, if you are ever able to recover or achieve control of your depression and anxiety disorder, you may find yourself suddenly able to experience that "live and thrive in the moment" aspect of ISFP. I really hope that for you. But anyway, you read exactly like an ISFP, so welcome to our club! :)The ISFP subreddit is pretty tame and normal I think, but a little uninteresting. There are also a lot of posts talking about anxiety/depression and similar whatnot, since I think ISFP has a tendency for that. 

I actually don't get along well with other ISFPs in real life. We'll get along great in the shallow sense, but it's very difficult to get beyond that--we are too similar and our weaknesses compound, and two same Fi dom can be a handful.Well that's rude. It feels like you hang around this sub to just argue with people and try to be aggressive with them for no reason.This is not a thread that we go attacking other types because your self esteem cannot handle the thought of having (gasp!) weaknesses.Just for some extra input too, I feel that you may be an Fe type of some sort, judging from your typing post. I don't agree with the ISFP diagnosis. I saw the thread too late to comment, but Fi doms like ISFP know exactly what they like/what they don't and rarely feel like they don't have an opinion on something, whether it be a social issue or who they are. (Note that this opinion can often be "I don't care, so no side", since not caring is saying "this has no value to me" which is still an opinion) In my experience, Fe types like ISFJ/INFJ often can be really unsure how they feel about something and sit on the fence, whereas an ISFP is able to make snap judgments and know exactly how they feel about it (the whole function of Fi, especially FI dom is to immediately make a judgement based on on personal value). The boon to the ISFJ/INFJ though is they have an ability to emotionally detach sometimes and be more objective first before they insert their own opinion, which ISFP and INFP have to exert effort to do.INFJs have this really concerned face (particularly the eyebrows) when you tell them anything about yourself that doesn't immediately categorize as positive. I could be telling them how I lost my pencil this morning and their facial expression makes it look like losing my pencil was some kind of deeply emotional traumatic experience.

When ISTPs sing out loud or play music, they *don't hold back*. They're so into it that their own volume or the existence of other people doesn't register. It's kind of endearing actually, they seem to be happy when they lose themselves in the moment like that. 

ESFPs love to sit on and roll around on people they like. Especially on introverts and *particularly* INTJs. ISFP would still think there is one single truth (as long as it has to do with morals, values, or ethics), but perhaps differently than ISTP, on account of Fi rather Ti lead. You can see this in how ISFP are incredibly concerned with ethics and moral rightness, but often aren't true moral relativists. They might be accepting/tolerant of other beliefs and advocate people having the right to believe what they want (but notice that they like the idea of having a right to believe in what you want, because this policy would allow *them* to believe what they want), but this does not mean they think all beliefs are equal possibility. If you question an isfp, they will still clearly have their own opinion and stance and are rarely unsure of what possibility they think is the most right.Yeah, I think that's true because its not a universal absolute. I do think that Fi types *generally* believe there is a right and there is a wrong and tend to prefer the concept of a single truth rather than equal possibilities. It's just an observed preference, not a law of their thought process. A different ISFP, but I went and tried this on a handful of people I'm comfortable with because why not LOL. 

The INTJ looked at me extremely confused for about 2 seconds then promptly chased me down after I giggled and tried to leave. I ran. 

The ESFP immediately tried to fight me (playfully). ESTP also immediately tried to fight me, but much more aggressively and scarier.

INFP called after me confused and tried to hug me later because she took it as a sign of affection. Typical.

Kinda wish I had an ENTJ to try on. I wonder if people would be weirded out if an ENTJ did this. But I suppose it would be too out of character?ISFP. Usually always black&amp;white colors. Slacks/dark skinny jeans with a black, white, or dark navy button up shirt 3/4 sleeves, shoes are usually boots. I do care about aesthetic, and I dig a sleek and sharp look. I don't like clothing that gives away personality, because I want to be able to control what people think my personality is. 

My ultra-casual look is athletic jacket and shorts and flip flops. Black&amp;white preferred ofc. I never wear graphics, bright colors, and dislike any sort of print, not even stripes unless its a pinstripe button up shirt. Emphasize with someone or people in an event (like a tragedy on the news) by imagining how you might feel in that situation or reliving a time you have felt something similar, and meditate on it to figure out if this changed or speaks to one of your values. Emphasis on how *you* would feel, not what you think you should feel, how other people think you should feel, not what a "proper" response should be.

For an Fi user, this should give you a boost in motivation to care about a particular person or a cause because it's personal now. It also helps you develop and strengthen your core Fi values that can become a backbone of your decisions, while the meat of the decision is in logic.Myers briggs doesn't mean anything for that. If anything, your dom-Fi might give you a boost in sympathetic nature and warm bedside manners and make you more passionate about medicine than another candidate.

But if you must have stories to motivate you, I know more than one ESFP who graduated med school and are now doctors, and if they can buckle down and study through med school, you can too.Agreed, a lot of ISFP's choice of forum and social media is probably deviantart and Tumblr, and these sites basically demand a lot of time and frequent activity in order to keep a presence. You can swim in a sea of them over there. Reddit is almost entirely discussion based and ISFPs would rather be doing something or reblogging social justice posts and whatever hipster memes are popular on Tumblr atm. Definitely a good start! One thing imo that differentiates ENTJ's from INTJ's is that developed ENTJs have willingness to jump in even if all "the puzzle pieces " haven't fallen in place yet. Dom Se will jump in without a plan, and inferior Se wont even take a single step unless the plan is fully developed and accounts fot everything. So as someone in the middle, the development might be catching yourself worrying or wasting too much time sitting on an idea trying to develop it more, and learn to know when it isn't useful or practical to keep thinking (and possibly achieving nothing when you could have done more).

Maybe look at the strengths of ESTPs and ESFPs to see how Se is applied. Like they often "seize the day" and don't let fear of the unknown make them miss out on opportunities. They also bounce back from setbacks and failed plans quickly which I think is from having high Se and weaker Ni, giving them tenacity.He sounds like an ISTP. Fe, even if weaker, is quite good at knowing what is appropriate and helpful to do in a situation especially if its an older, more mature adult.  

But to solidify it, if he was ISFP, you'd notice that one of his defining traits would be that he is very opinionated. Even easy going and very not-talkative ISFPs will let their strong opinions and feelings about certain subjects slip out and they will be lowkey very passionate about them. Its something you wouldn't miss because the dom-Fi is so strong. Since he's your husband, its safe to say that you would know if he had any secret opinions or passions that he's die-hard about. I think there's a general consensus that xNFP's are more verbally inclined than xSFP's, even if both groups struggle with it. Ne is a very verbal function compared to Se which is an action function. I've also heard Ni doms describe Ni as seeing ideas as images, which would make an Se-Ni user likely to use images not words. So if a person has an unusually hard time expressing words and they use alternatives, its more likely to be xSFP than xNFP. Sounds like an ISFP. ISFPs can have bursts of ESFP-like sociable-ness (followed by a serious need to be alone. hence, disappearing acts), but you'll need to chain an ESFP down and sedate them to get them to do anything like withdraw for weeks, let alone days--they might just die.  ESFP might be one of the most extroverted of all the extrovert types, they'll seize opportunities to socialize and be with people like they're dying in a desert.Hey its me ur school assignment partner

Anyway, your answer for number 6 is hilarious partly because I would have said INTJ as mine. ISFJ is a popular answer but I'd feel bad for them, but I wouldn't feel bad for an INTJ because they're insisting upon it, and I've experienced it actually happening before.Touch, quality time tied with acts of service

I'm also in the "words are cheap" camp if its anything less than a sizable heartfelt letter/or the verbal equivalent of that. I count gifts higher than words, because gift means you had to go out of your way to think about me/go get a gift for me and spend financial resources. I also count sharing food/making me cookies/buying me food as gifts/acts of service, which I think is very sweet of people.The self centeredness is not manifested like Fi types, but much more subtle and much more manipulative. I would agree it tends not to be one of their main problems, but a side problem.

This is just in my anecdotal experience. I have had ENFJ and INFJ friends confess that for all the loyalty and helpfulness they give people, they  partially were motivated to buy favor and secure themselves as that person's (or be everyone's) number 1. Sometimes they said they even kind of wanted people to let themselves be weak and vulnerable so that the XNFJ could be their constant savior and be in that kind of power position where they are always needed. In really unhealthy ones, they can enable their friends weaknesses so that they can be the crutch that their friend cant live without. It feeds into their need for that kind of validation and self worth, even at the expense of making others dependent on them. It was a surprising thing for me to consider, but other people can pitch in with what they think.I've had an ENFP exactly like this, and it was sad to see her unintentionally push her own friends away with self centeredness. I don't think you could "fix" or try to get him to be more cooperative on the project short term, but as a friend, you should have a personal heart to heart with him. This will greatly affect his future work prospects and relationships, not just this one time.

 I know INTPs would rather not do that, but it's necessary for you to tell him how his self centeredness has been affecting you (he'll only care if it relates to how it affects something he personally cares about) and how it comes off to other people. Make sure to assure him you're speaking truth to him not because you resent him or want to put him down, but because you care as his bro. You might not be good at feelings talk, but I know you INTPs have the measuredness and calmness to say these things in a way that other people cant. Can't comment much on the rest, but Se in ISFPs comes in taking action before they get the complete picture  (often wanting to make decisions/take steps off of a partial picture), which can come off as being a little on the reckless or risky side. ISFP is usually only careful if their feelings might be at risk. INTJ will not make any decision, judgement, or step without knowing complete picture. They come off as very careful, even way too careful and rigid to others.

Alternatively, ISFPs like to use Se with hobbies that manipulate the physical environment. Hence the stereotypical arts, crafting, woodcarving, music, or sports interest. Tell us why you like to act, and why you chose acting over other things? Maybe focusing on what drives you. ISFP tend to have a one track drive, meaning a lot of intensity driven into one thing/interest at a time (meaning they'll ignore other things ), but INFP is multiple tracks going all directions so they're willing to change projects often and maybe even enjoy juggling multiple projects than focus on a single one.Judgmental, moody, emotionally hostile when given conflicting perspective, emotionally intense (especially when it comes to anger), prone to passive aggressiveness, temperamental, hates being told what to do, rebellious (sometimes for no justifiable reason), selfish, lazy and comfort/distraction seeking.

Behaviors: gets stressed out easily and checks out (we would rather pretend it doesn't exist, which later bites us back), tunes out people they don't agree with, usually can't debate without getting emotionally charged, see people in black or white-- judgmental and quicker to make a judgement (hooray Fi!) than to observe then pass judgement later after a fair chance, gives people they feel resentful towards a super icy shoulder (can be over petty things), is a hot and cold kind of person. Even if they don't impose their Fi values on other people, they still think theirs is the most correct/best (that's why they have it in their Fi network after all) and will be REALLY hostile to you trying to convince them otherwise. While this might be a trait for other Fi types too, the emotional temperance of ISFP makes it a hard and unappealing task to have to deal with an ISFP and show them when they're wrong.

This is from knowing myself and recognizing the same bad patterns, flaws, and negative behaviors in ISFP friends that I know well. I laughed at your last line. It sounds ridiculous but it's so accurate.These are all relevant to ISFPs too. The S part of an isfp is practical and realistic, and will get annoyed when things don't make sense or an "emotional explanation" isn't practical. Se doms are some of the most solution minded people I know. Also, despite being emotional, there is a logical framework behind our values just as every T has a value guiding their logic.I am still astonished whenever I hear that someone married an ISFP lol. But it's nice to know that for some odd reason, people do like us! I remember once seeing a post on another site of brain scans of Se users compared to Ni users at rest, then introduced to stimuli. The point that would be relevant is that Se users are able to react quickly and make clutch moves happen, while this is extremely hard for Ni user. This is because being in Se mode is letting your mind empty of complicated thoughts and instead letting yourself be open to what's around you at this second which might sound bad to you but doing so allows the empty thought place to immediately be filled at a moments notice. 

The scans of Ni users didn't change that much to stimuli, (the brain was usually in a consistent level of activity) because too much headspace was taken up by previous thought trains and there was no RAM, so to speak, for new immediate info to be processed. Se is your info gathering function and you'll lose out on constantly updating, real-time details if your mind is too busy thinking about something else. There is a limit to your mental capacity, just like you can't do ten things at once with your hands. You gotta let go of some things in order to have space to do other things. This is me. When I'm out of an Ni grip, I look back at what I was thinking and go wtf was I onI've also found I get along and have excellent conversations with ENFPs. With some E's, talking feels a little forced or difficult to keep things going. But it feels very natural with ENFPs (also ESFPs) and I have no idea why. Significantly less than INTJ'S in my experience but typing him off of this will need you to know an INTJ to compare him to.This is the most insightful thing on ISFPs/INFPs I've ever read. I even affirmed things about myself that I hadn't noticed before.

You have quite the talent for accurate observations and being able to put it into words and explain why! I was surprised you picked up on some very subtle and nuanced details about both types. Thanks so much for writing this upHave you considered ISFP? I agree with you that you are some sort of Fi user, not Fe. Fi users think they are being the most authentic and the most "themselves" when they have emotions, while Fe users will not necessarily do this. Fi also tends to be on the "romantic" side or romanticize ideas.

ISFP shares the same functions as INTJ and can outwardly behave similar, especially if your enneagram type contributes to an INTJ-ish vibe or if you're in an Ni loop. Do you recognize Ne usage more than Ni usage? I highly recommend this guide to ISFP vs INFP. https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zr3jf/differentiating_infp_vs_isfp_masterpost/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=hot&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=mbti

You could probably figure out which you are once and for all (and whether you are a Ne/Si or Se/Ni user) by comparing yourself to this.Hm. Perhaps you don't have a conscious understanding of yourself yet then. That's ok, it just comes with time. I've shown that post to a textbook INFP friend plus other mbti-knowing friends and we all had a good laugh at how accurate it was. 

I think unless you're able to clearly understand your own habits/motivations/thought processes, online people will not be able to type you. We go off of information you give us after all :P I would just not worry too much about typing yourself right now since its unlikely to be accurate. Just wanted to chime in and agree with the ESFJ typing, though I agree this is more of an "ass" case than purely an ESFJ/INTJ case. 

Anyway, I've worked with ESTJs in the workplace and that level of behavior would be very odd for them imo. At the end of the day, remember that ESTJs are Te doms and it should show itself very clearly, even in the way they socialize. While an INTJ and ESTJ might disagree on processes, they usually really appreciate each other's value of efficiency and getting things done.I had to big time develop my Ti function to survive in philosophy courses. It was pretty painful for the first year (I hobbled along at first trying to use Fi and Ni to perform Ti tasks, which clearly did not work as well) but I eventually got the hang of Ti. Won't ever be as good as someone with it naturally in their function stack, but hey, I can use it!

I would say you could try finding some kind of task or hobby that forces Ni use over other functions, one in which Ni use would give superior results compared to trying to use a different function to figure it out with. What exactly this activity could be, I'm not sure but Ni dom people could probably give you a suggestion.Sounds like ISFP. Not saying this because I am one, because you seem to be of a different flavor.

Reasons are as follows:
1) Se users are not the typical "detail-oriented" as people say Sensors are. Actually high Se users have a tendency to cut corners in favor of efficiency and practicality (or boredom). This matches how you describe yourself as not that detail oriented.

2) The hands-on urge and interest/desire in making your own desk is extremely Se. I know many INTJs/INFJs and I have never met one that actually enjoyed or sought out opportunities to get into gritty hands-on projects. 

3) Despite being called the "Artist", ISFPs tend to not be the imaginative artistic types that make up novel new things out of nowhere (that's an Ne thing, and I have no idea why people think PoLR Ne ISFPs would be able to use that type of creativity). On the contrary, I think ISxPs are masters of *imitation*. Many famous artists of old are legendary not because of any magical new ideas, but they had an uncanny ability to replicate real life onto canvas. This is very Se type of art because it requires a person to notice all the concrete sensory details of an object in order to copy that onto paper. This wouldn't be different from being able to look at a photo and understand the physical structure and how material interacts together in order to make a desk from a picture. That is a skill that requires a lot of understanding of objective sensory detail and understanding of the physical world.

For example, an INFP trying to make their own desk might take ideas from catalogs of desks then totally make their own design. I think that's an incredible ability. An ISxP would take catalogs of desks and be able to make a store-quality replica, or a very good looking replica, which is also a unique skill.

4) ISFPs tend to enjoy helping others by "supporting" them rather than trying to "change" them. Fi respects and celebrates differences between people and is much less interested in changing someone into something that is more "right" or "better" (this is more of an Fe type thing). ISFP's caring style is "I'll be here for you when you need it or when you're ready" instead of an Fe user's style which is more akin to actively looking out for others and looking for opportunities to move in and help. ISFP can seem a little more distant in terms of caring, because they wait for people to be in need and ask for it before they jump in to help, while Fe types tend to come across as pushy because they will jump in and start helping before anyone asks them for help. Glad it helped! If you'd like a stereotype, xSFPs who aren't interested in visual arts tend to be drawn to music or performance arts instead. I haven't met an xSFP who wasn't interested in at least one of them. 

Yeah, there are many subtle differences in each mbti type, and I definitely don't claim to know them all either. I've always found the sweeping generalizing labels very problematic because of their inaccuracy and because it implies that people should be able to relate with the label, when the label just represents a stereotype. Many of the F types are incredibly artistic, and there are many very distinct ways to be "creative" such as creative problem solving vs creative solutions vs creative ideas. Even though the SPs are sometimes called the "Realists", there are different categories of realism! xSFPs can be more idealistic than some N's, surprisingly. (In general, imo the NT, NF, SP, SJ categorization and labels misattribute traits and are not meaningful to understanding at all. The quadras from Socionics is more insightful)A good friend of mine is INTP 8w7.I love ENTJs and have a lot of respect for them. I get along well and always take them up when they challenge me to a game

I think the saying that "ENTJs are the most S like N" and "ISFP is the most N like S" works well in this case.I gotta echo the arrogant INxJs. I love you guys but...So many think they're the smartest thing to grace the planet or the deepest thing to ever contemplate humanity. A "no one else can understand my complexity and deep thoughts" really is so pretentious to me.Imo, SJ's rule the working world to an unholy degree. You get a lot of N's in academia and high profile N's like Elon Musk, but you don't see the thousands of them that didn't make it or cant, because there are only so many positions to go around. You don't need a team of 20 theorists, or nothing will get done. Companies do not want their entire workforce made of the same kind of people. You need maybe a few to theorize and come up with ideas and the rest need to be able to implement the theory and actually put it into tangible practice and get results.First question, I'm an enneagram 4w5 and I get angry outbursts pretty often. Dunno if enneagram would affect it. Type 9s would probably not get visibly angry.

2nd, don't really know of any ISFPs that are paranoid. 

ISFP tend to have a good sense of style, generally speaking. Unless they're trying really really hard to be "unique"

Alone time is usually spent on the Internet or watching shows like everyone else I guess?Nicely explained, this was the point I was trying to get at but you said it much better.

 I think the gap between the number of jobs that will use an N's ability to the fullest and the number of N's is why so many N's decide to pursue careers in academia without even trying public/private sector. Academia already suits N's very well, but with the bonus of actually having many possible roles and positions. Companies are so result and profits oriented (especially with recent emphasis on short term profit for shareholders rather than long term profitability and growth) that unless an N is in a top position, what they want to do can still be very stifled.Has anyone ever told you that you look concerned or worried (your facial expression) a lot? Or do people mistakenly believe that you dislike everyone and don't care about them?

INTJ and INFJ are very different in outward mannerism. Consider someone not a friend, but a friendly acquaintance. INFJ has a very obvious warmth and caring nature towards other people, and even to someone who is just a friendly acquaintance, they are willing to go out of their way to be warm and welcoming. Its not that INFJ wants to be best friends with everyone, but they are very thoughtful and consider it a principle to be warm and kind to people. 

INTJ is a lot more distant, they tend to hold that person at a strict arm's distance so to speak, until the person becomes someone they trust. This is difficult to get to, and only then an INTJ will show genuine warmth and care. Its extremely hard to get an INTJ to exhibit INFJ levels of warmth and genuine care for someone that they actually don't know or care about very much. If you are an INTJ, being forced to appear warm and caring to someone you're not close to might feel like pulling teeth, because your actions don't actually reflect what you feel towards that person inside (Fi). INFJ might not actually enjoy doing it either, but they will put personal feelings aside to do what they hold as a principle (Fe).

Can you put yourself in this kind of situation and describe your thoughts and feelings about it?Exactly, they might not be that funny to the one person they're talking to, but their witty one-liners and especially their roasts can sure make the crowd roar. I would pay to see a roasting match between an ISTJ and some other type like ENTJ.


You're waffling about your type like you're on the Si/Ne axis. Argumentative and defensive in a way I associate respectively with high Te and low Fi. I don't get an extrovert vibe from you either. That leaves ISTJ. &gt;Daniel Dennett - Sam Harris (Had a bit of a scuffle over free will)

Speaking of Sam Harris scuffles, how do you and or/CT type Chomsky?Inclined to agree, INFJ-INFJ isn't necessarily a better match :DDo you really think type is such a large aspect of the self that SJs automatically experience a sense of camaraderie walking out the door? 

Anyway, Jung characterized this as an introvert problem and not an Ni problem, I'm inclined to agree. Though no one has a monopoly on the subjective feeling of alienation, that's the birthright of being human no?Would add some thinner lines between activation and beneficiary types as well, if it were up to me. Nice and messy.You misunderstand my comment. The actual statistics are irrelevant. I'm taking issue with the idea that type commonality has something to do with a feeling of connection with others, which you don't even imply but outright state:

&gt;I actually wished I were SJ.. then I could find people that think on my same wavelength just by walking out the door. It'd be so nice, right? I get that feel.

It would be a willful misinterpretation to accuse you of saying SJs are never lonely. But that plus your focus on Ni vs Ne statistics form an argument that NJs going to be more lonely than SJs. I'm saying I disagree both in terms of typology, and of the human condition.

Intertype relations speak to the potential ease of communication, assuming there are shared interests in the first place. Not having chemistry with duals, much less feeling a sense of oneness with the line at the store. 

It's not just you, it's a pretty obvious undercurrent to this entire community. 

You didn't respond to what I said about the I/E divide though. Do you really think an average ISTJ feels 'on the same wavelength' with more people than an ENFJ? 

&gt;You're SJ yourself, right?

Who cares?

&gt;So you think /u/dolandump2016 [+36] is ISTJ and /u/peppermint-kiss [-33] is ESFJ? I've seen enough of the latter but why the former?

Guess you do enough to look through my post history in order to guess, lol. Returning the history creep favor, inf-Te.My bad about socionics, thoughtless of me to bring it up.

Aside from this instance of uncalled for aggression, please link to times I've bullied anyone. I think you're reading quite a bit into my tongue in cheek username. Probably which other accounts you're guessing I'm behind and the tone of the one comment you've already mentioned that you'll want to link to as well :p

How is it bullying to point out disagreements about type, and not to call out people not only by temperament, but name?
Based on what you've written, INFP. I could go into it another time if you want, it's an earnest typing based on your posts. Though I don't like to type people unless I have a ton of info, or they're fictional characters/celebs.Guessing you've got a few of em based on the votes! lolYou've lost me 

Who is SJ, who have I bullied?

ETA: PM if that's betterSeems like you don't know shit about my motivations or opinions or relationships to either user. Again, who do you think I am? Genuinely baffling.&gt;Again, who do you think I am?I know a lot of socially anxious ISxx's offhand, and not so anxious ENxx's. Social anxiety seems more of an I/E issue as far as type correlation goes, though that isn't all that far, ime. If you take self identification as a valuable premise here.. it depends on the individual, no? 

Just ask each person you come across who self identifies as an MBTI type, and build your data from the ground up. No other way, right?Could you give a more specific example of the latter? I haven't seen it IRL (rarity of Ni doms) and am drawing a mental blank here.No type is always successful at the qualities associated with their dominant function. That being said, I've typed her as a disintegrated ESFJ 2. (2-&gt;8)&gt; typical ESFJ mafia boss*

Yas

&gt;He made mistakes that are typically ENFP by failing to put himself into the shoes of others.

Mhm

&gt;interesting part

&gt;ESFj (ESE) → ENFp (IEE) → ENTj (LIE) → ESTp (SLE) → ESFj (ESE)
Cersei → Tyrion → Tywin → Jaimie → Cersei

Never thought of it that way, fantastic. 

Thanks.

*While we're here, can you think of any ESFJ 8 examples off the top of your head?





Sansa: ISFJ. Compare to Margaery, an Fe dom.

Ned: I've been in the ISTJ camp, but it's possible.

Cersei: ESFJ

Tyrion: At best, a *fictional* ENTP dripping in Fi because fiction. Think of the times he's risked his life to communicate moral judgments. ENFP though. Battle and assassination strategy, Te.

Stannis: ESTJ. Results at any cost. 

Melisandre: ENFJ, Je dom.

Brienne: ISTJ. Really!?

Sam: INTP. Ti Ti Ti. 

Dany: ESFP. Actress is ESFJ, 90% of the controversy

Asha: ESFP. Se-Te pragmatic strategy. Thanks. 

I've seen non-Ni doms help others (inc Se doms) through crises of faith and display good symbolic narrative spinning abilities, though? In these ways, more or less. But there could be some disconnect between your anecdotes and my experiences/MBTI categorizations of them. Won't trouble you to elaborate more unless you think it's constructive. 

Edit: Speaking as a non-Ni user who can empathize with this dynamic. Hence the curiosity.I think your other typings are wrong, but the only one I really care about is Emilia Clarke.

[ENFJ!?!?!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIBg-w6TNLE)

What am I missing here, seems like an obvious ESFJ Huh?I guess write a type-me thread.. oh wait

Sorry&gt;made a lot more sense with aux Fe than inferior.

How so?Can you elaborate? The words you wrote make sense, but not in this context, to my understandingWhat was your thought process? &gt;I bet if you went back in time to ancient Egypt (or even perhaps modern-day Myanmar) you'd find that there'd be more intuitives running around, because those societies value the abstract concepts of afterlife and divine judgement over present-day affairs and experiences.

Seems like you're missing the pointNegative numbers are taught before middle school. But kids steal money even younger than that, so..Thanks, didn't wanna shitpost "Depends on the person" when it required making my own thread, now I can.Most posters here seem considerably younger than you do.

ETA: Struck me as parody initially too, reconsidered laterI don't know what your comment was, but the ISFPs I know are more terse than the INTJs. Not a matter of being outgoing per se but close enough in practice. I wanna ride on this the downvote trainWhy are Catholics singled out as ritualistic? Pagans are super ritualistic. Modern ones arguably more than most Catholics.THIS COMMENT MAKES ME MADIAWTCI got some tattoos and regretted them. Was good for my growth as a personThis is a late response, sorry, but what is your pereption of ESJs and Ni compared to ESPs? Are they better at Ni? Now tell my spellcheck to leave me alone. It has been bothering me about "extravert" for over a year hmphIt's definitely not exclusive to NTPs, have known people of many types like this.YESI am harsh on people I supervise, in general. Try to keep it to myself, but it will leak out. My supervisors can easily make me feel less adequate, but good communication will make things smooth. It's always good to learn from others, so I try to listen, give it a shot.Do you buy that the tests are alright? That if you score INxP on them, you're an N no matter how you feel about Si? Genuinely wondering, since you have a unique take on this within the forum. Thanks.Then they should stop being creepyThanks for your reply. One question though,

&gt;And honestly, if somebody isn't going to be doing a fair amount of reading up on what the types are like, what was the point in taking a test in the first place, right?

Which sources do you find valid? I presume a lot of the fair amount of reading people do would mislead them, in your opinion.Why do INFJs use Ti in a more noticeable way than ISFJs, on average?NopeLike SJs are the only ones who can hold "**harmful**" beliefs. FFS stop being typist.I've projected your other comments onto this comment. 

&gt;The SJ version of confidence is "I know I'm right, and no information or perspective you present to me will change my mind".

And all the way back to 

&gt;[This.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MBTIPlus/comments/45zg09/which_online_mbti_cliches_have_you_yet_to_witness/d06fhb0)

Seems like your "throwaway" stuck and you've stayed true to the spirit of the account.

My username isn't typist, it's just abrasive. How the fuck would it be typist? lol

Don't take it personally, I have a creepy memory. 

It's relevant because it's an assumption about SJ belief systems and critical thinking. Why didn't you specify anything about **harmful** beliefs and INTPs? Why is it SJs? Don't be obtuse.&gt;Don't be obtuse.

How rude of you not to honor my request. Anyway, 

&gt;I've never asked any INTPs what they think about ISFJs

&gt;A) I wasn't even stating my own beliefs, I was stating my INTP friends' beliefs.

Nice contradiction bub. You're projecting views onto INTPs. How ironic.

&gt; Enlighten me why you think only SJs have harmful beliefs?

Haha wtf? You have to know this is the implication I've been arguing against... Unless you're actually not deliberately dishonoring my request again.
Didn't have flair enabled, fixed now. 

Nice deflection. Have a good one.Anyone can be anything.

Are we gonna last word this? Let's last word this.No *you* hang upWhy do you say that?Wtf is wrong with youInteresting you accuse both me and this meowsock of being obsessed with you, and you seem obsessed with meowsock. Also that you claim not to upvote/downvote, yet are very concerned about brigades.So you want to censor the sensitive people and SJWs? 

Create a... safe space?So you'd like to censor the self-expression of sensitive SJWs by prohibiting them from voting on content. 

Anyway, there's a place called personality cafe where there are no downvotes. Enjoy. If someone is downvoting comments they find offensive, they're expressing their belief that it's disruptive content. I'm gonna maintain OP effectively wants his own safespace.The entire post, before it was deleted, was about SJWs and sensitive people downvoting things they find offensive.IAWTCWhat was the thought process? How familiar were you with the theory? What changed?Do you mostly look at the ground? At your surroundings? Look at people? 

Go on a walk alone and don't think about it. Talk about it here.

Extroverted perceiving functions are on the big picture and introverted on the details.

Really important there because Se is very big picture as well. It deals with the big immediate picture and everything in it.

Sensor functions are functions that deal with the immediate world. 

Intuitive functions are your idea creation functions.

Some people are more focused on the immediate world. These are your sensor types. While sensor types are often creative, their creativity is a reflection of the world surrounding them..

Other people are more focused on the potential world. These are intuitives. They are focused not on what is there, but what might be.

Here is the thing, everyone has both sensing and intuitive functions. Everyone has some form of engagement with their physical world and everyone has their method of dealing with the potential world.

 People who perceive the broad strokes of the world and use extroverted sensing happen to use introverted intuition and have detailed ideas formed from all the huge amount of information they gather.

People who perceive the small details of the world use introverted sensing and they use extroverted intuition in order to make expansive ideas out of those small details.

Some people happen to be in the middle, extroverted J's and introverted Ps happen to have easy access to both of their functions. They happen to be decent at both of their roles with the physical and potential world but the important part for them is sorting out that data with their strongest functions, their lead judging.

Then you have the the introverted J's and Extroverted P's who are very biased towards their use of a function. For example, ENTP's might be so focused on the big ideas they create that they leave out the fine details. These types with lead perceiving functions have less flexibility there but they are more able to diversely process it through their feeling and thinking functions.

Anyhow that is what I've gathered so far and I'm trying to simplify a lot of stuff.

I have my own method for determining if someone is an intuitive or sensor but it is a lot more personal. I can spot them pretty well in person but online it is harder.I disagree with some of the things there. For example, Se doms aren't very detail oriented. They take in a lot and in fact I think the reason why a lot of them are very active is a need for a huge quantity over quality of information..

Furthermore, I've seen Si doms make a lot of patterns. Si is less about what you have seen before and more about details and encoding. Si benefits highly from forming patterns because forming patterns is more efficient storage. Si is also a semi-predictive function and the definition of intuition in the dictionary more describes Si than intuition itself.

Furthermore, it depends on the type of mathematics. I think actually some of the best mathmeticians are ISTJ. Their Introverted sensing is great for finding patterns and encoding and they back it up with extroverted thinking that deals with organized systems. They not only are able to encode and find patterns that would be useful in math as well as take interest in it but also organize things in a way that makes overall sense. They might be the best applied mathmaticians alongside ESTJs.

An intuitive might be more interested in theoretical mathematics. They might be more interested not in the systems themselves but in the abstraction behind it.

As for the field of ethics, I think sensors are great at ethics! They have great perceptions and understandings of the world and especially feelers who can understand relationships between people very well. Ethics is a branch of philosophy that might come natural to sensors because of its application to the surrounding world rather than the theoretical world. Intuitives might be more interested in the metaphysical aspects of philosophy.Yay for sensors! I love sensors for real! Sensors are great at math and inventing and doing all the awesome things that people put to intuitives. Awesome to see someone who is happy to be an ISTP! Sensors I find love theories as well, they just want them to have purpose. It is really cool that you are an artist. I do know that sensors also have active imaginations as well.


I'm not much of an artist though I do a lot of writing and some poetry. I'm much more of a writer and I tend to jump around with genres and experiment a lot. I do some painting and it is extremely abstract based upon patterns in my mind or just playing around with brushes and stuff. 

For example when I was in the hospital [this was a form of a therapy for me](http://i.imgur.com/QQk18nE.jpg). I know it isn't any good but it shows how my mind processes things creatively. I'm not very good at art but I will doodle weird designs in notebooks as that is just something that is enjoyable to me.I know exactly what you mean there. Other people have entire dictionaries to decribe how they feel and i'm like... I'm uhh... sad? Happy? 

Actually, I would relate it to my colorblindness. Thanks for the metaphor! I have colors in my world and I can see the primaries mostly but many of them blur together and overall the range of colors is more dull.  Like to give an example I [literally can't tell the difference between these videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RuOt28orRI) and that is perfectly fitting for emotions as well. It isn't that I don't feel emotions, they just aren't as diverse and aren't as strong as others.I create characters that are their own being and have their own personality and worldviews. They are dissimilar to me and I don't impart myself into them. I enjoy the fantasy perspective taking of imagining what it might like to be someone else and how someone else might think and react to a situation.

One of my favorites was an experiment with contemporary fiction and I wrote about a young boy who had a father off at conflict and his attempts to use imagination to cope with such. [Here is a link to such and it is a few years older.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mUaP5y7FnveZUPE9LvSftERD1T2_F6TK1H8xxILzSrE/edit?usp=sharing&amp;authkey=CMe6svED) I tried to capture what the mind of that character would be like even though that isn't what I'm like. 

I wouldn't say any of the characters in my stories really ever resemble me in any way. Partially because I wouldn't want them to. I find trying to understand other people more interesting than really putting myself in other places. I can live out my daydreams in my head but on paper I can write out these worlds that live on their own and just capture the moment.

I have done science fiction, fantasy figurative writing and satire. I love satire.

As for poetry. I have a wide range. When I was younger I would use some of it to get feelings out in an abstract manner. However, I prefer to tell stories or use them to make metaphors. I'm not that great at poetry but for example: [here is one I did more recently](http://pastebin.com/Uv2BCyfh). A much older work [that shows just playing around with a scenario](http://pastebin.com/BzjkRcun) and one I'm iffy on but [as you can see I focus less on myself](http://pastebin.com/1srEigrM). While these are less abstract, I still sort of enjoy them.

So I don't imprint a lot into my writing. And now I'm sharing probably my poorly done poetry but hey, I enjoyed making it at the time and that was what mattered.

Do you imprint a lot on your character? I can't really think of a really good example of me doing that as much. Maybe someone who were to go through my works more analytically could find it but it would be unintentional as I purposely try to avoid such.I've always considered getting a co-author to do the emotional detail of characters because I'm sure it could be improved upon a lot in my stories and I could look back and learn something. I love your art! Looks like you put a lot of time into it!

I just use my Ne a lot and imagine the possibilities of other viewpoints. I think that is why I do so well with it because it plays off my strengths there. Ti can go to work on other things like maintaining structure of plot and consistences INTPs act like catsNah. Cats are too apathetic to be INFPs. They don't give a shit about emotions or really anything in general. They are skiddish and curious to a fault.  Half of the time they love being dicks to each other just for the fun of it. I'd say they are rational because the internet has agreed that your cat is probably plotting against you.I have an ENFJ friend in my life and she is exactly like this. I like the free weed, food and hard cider she gives me but I couldn't give less about her remedies, constant spiritual bullshit and her in general violation of my boundaries. Then again, if I'm sick she is willing to do as much as she can to help me. Now it'd be great if the homemade remedies weren't thrown in as well as having to listen to things like chakras and other bullshit.

She is still my friend and I can enjoy my time with her once in a long time. Maybe not the same one but yeah I know all about the kombucha and something similar to Reiki therapy. I can barely stomach it. She seems to love conspiracies too.  Hah. I find it funny that you put the ENFP as the Cloudcuckoolander. That is what my trope-savy friends tease me with irl and ever since one pointed it out now they call me that. That is why I have it as my flair because I'd rather embrace the teasing than get upset over it.

Anyhow the Internet Know-it-all is pretty correctNot sure why it is getting down-voted. It was all the way up to like a 6 and now it sits at a 0-1 points 

I put quite a bit of thought into it too : /Im confused as to why this one as all the other responses and discussions on this one were positive but my other posts even in this thread aren't being downvoted.

Id understand if there was a lot of disagreement in responses or if all my posts across reddit were being down voted but just this single one isnt popular. 

Oh well. Im glad you liked it as I thought I had figured something out. Reddit is strange ExFP I'm going to go with. Since you want to go with intuitive I'm not going to argue and go with ENFP.

Why? 

You have a very Te way of expressing statements, counting things up to make a decision and instead of looking for questions just asking for confirmation from the group.

You have a very very Fi sense of identity and the emotional hyperactive fits. I wouldn't necessarily say Witty/clever with humor is Ne though. Saying what you truly believe unless you are looking for an argument is very very much Fi behavior. Ti itself has a hard time making a decision on beliefs and sometimes decides too often not to make a choice. Opposing just for argument could also be Te behavior, as Te people will argue just to win an argument whereas Ti people argue to find a deeper truth.

I really just don't have much of an ENTP feel from you. Furthermore, I find ENTPs to be that weird type that doesn't know if they are INTP or ENTP even though INTPs are pretty sure they aren't ENTPs. 

Fi comes off as cold to everyone except those they open up to. I'd say Teritary Fe is actually a bit warmer and expressive. It just can be turned off if they want. 

One of the main things is that you have what you want mostly figured out already. You have your identity nailed down and you just want others to confirm it to me. To me, you have very Fi behavior. Especially in reactions to some of the posts here. 

I could go more into it but I feel a little disoriented so I'm going to leave off with ENFP even though I think exploring between ENFP and ESFP would be a good choice.

I can already tell, unless you are ExTJ (very possible but I doubt you would consider that) you are ExFp

If I really had to put down a type I'd put ENTJ personally.Well then what makes you think you are an intuitive? Just to hear out your thinking.

Also the descriptions are shit. I know an ENTJ personally and she is a softie as well. She is actually a writer too. Otherwise I'd go ExFP really now that I think about it more.

By the way. [Here are a bunch of ENTJ's talking about feelings and prefering to be kind to people](https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/3bfhgt/tell_me_about_that_inferior_fi/)Judging itself isn't really a trait and I don't think like that. It is simply switches the introverted functions to extroverted and the extroverted to introverted. Since extroverts lead with a extroverted function that also plays around with the ordering as the dominant always represses the inferior and the auxiliary the tertiary. S/N repress each other and T/F as well.

However, judgers happen to have a stronger focus on those functions that deal with ordering the world in some fashion or another. This doesn't necessarily mean they are organized, but their thoughts are. When I look at your post I notice that you spent a lot of time organizing the post itself but the formatting of reddit screwed you over. You also loved making statements. I can get a very strong Te feel out of you but that could just be a teritary Te so... eh.

You have that overconfident edge that makes me think ENTJ. 

I really just get more of an Ni-Se read from you which is why I go ENTJ and not ESTJ becuase ESTJ has tertiary Ne that they love to use. ESTJs are very imaginative and open to possibilities but are a little more set in routine I think. They don't have Se in their function set and so their functions have more of a bias towards creative ideas and wild imaginations as the tertiary is like mental candy. ENTJ is Te-Ni-Se-Fi and ESTJ is Te-Si-Ne-Fi. 

I mean, what you love about intuition might be very much what an ESTJ might love due to the mental candy aspect.

People think that just because it says S in there that they don't use intuition, but extroverted sensing judgers have a lot of intuition and a very silly and imaginative side. Really fun people.'

You might be an ESTJ because of that tertiary Ne and your reflective nature as well as not living in the present being proof of Si. Si users don't live in the moment a whole lot. They love to reflect and predict rather than focus on the present.

&gt; Since forever since I got into mbti I've had the problem of not knowing whether I'm ENTP or ENFP. I'm positive I'm an ENxP tho so don't try to tell me I'm a sensor or a judger, because I'm for sure not. 
&gt; Stuff that proves I'm ENTP:

&gt;-Very witty/clever with humor(Ne)

&gt;-Say what I truly think or believe in,unless I'm 
looking for an argument(Ne+Ti) 

&gt;-I'll literally oppose you even if I agree with you for the sake of a good argument (Ne+Ti)

&gt;-Most of my decisions are based on rationality (t)

&gt;-I like to fix things (Ti)

&gt;-I'm obsessed with how things are made (Ti)

&gt;-I like my social group to be at peace (Fe)

&gt;-I have a hard time remembering details (inferior Si)

&gt;Stuff that proves im ENFP:

&gt;-I'm very emotionally hyperactive but usually under stress or when my thought process is clouded

&gt;-although I generally see all the negatives in most people which in return makes me not like them, I love studying people 

&gt;-I see people for who they are, not matter how good they are at hiding they're true self (Ne+Fi) 

&gt;-I don't like rules. I despise them and I think they make society want to rebel even more (Fi) 

&gt;-I loathe being told what to do (Fi) 

&gt;-peace is very important to me in general

&gt;-I need time to consider my emotions about new activities (Fi)*




&gt; ^^no ^^don't ^^go ^^on ^^and ^^say ^^that's ^^Sensing ^^just ^^because ^^change ^^can ^^disrupt ^^my ^^flow, ^^it's ^^change ^^for ^^god ^^sake ^^and ^^everyone ^^gets ^^nervous ^^about ^^it ^^if ^^it's ^^not ^^necessarily ^^good. 

&gt;Stuff about me that should help:


&gt;-I have a hard time being mean to people, I'll only be rude if someone is threatening an aspect about me or someone I care for 

&gt;-I generally am so good at reading people and seeing them for who they are that I have a hard time liking people 

&gt;-despite that, I'll still be nice to them to keep peace 

&gt;-I come off as uncaring and cold to most everyone except close friends,they describe me as a secret softie 

&gt;-if I'm close to you,very close I can be mean to you, if I'm not that close I'll suck up to you 

&gt;-my sense of humor is what makes me come off as uncaring, I'll say the most offensive witty remarks for a laugh 

&gt;-I'm always thinking up the weirdest theories about everyday stuff 

&gt;-I hate to fit in but sometimes I want to fit in for the sake of not being seen as a weirdo or outcast,social standing is important to me 

&gt;-I'm a procrastinator

&gt;-I'm a major conspiracy theorist

&gt;-I'm creative in the sense of my humor, humor is my creative outlet

&gt;-I'll sweet talk people to get what I want 

&gt;-if I'm in a bad mood, I have a hard time faking a good mood to appease those around me 

&gt;-people describe me as a "likeable unlikeable" meaning they want to hate me but they just can't 

&gt;-I'm a trouble maker, I hate established organization 

&gt;-I hate conformity 

&gt;-I absolutely hate math, I don't see the point in it and it's just not interesting,what's fun about numbers?!?

&gt;-my attention span is literally 10 minutes 

&gt;-when watching a movie or tv show, I usually skip most of it to get to the important parts 

&gt;So I know it's a lot but give me opinions, maybe I could be a totally different type then the both? Or maybe I'm one or the other and I'm just immature. Im only 17.



 I wanted to point this out because this is what it looks like when you just add in a second space minus the asterisk which is interpretive.

You organized into statement and categories as well as gave each statement a judgement. Very Te behaviorSo that is a primary difference? Is there any more you have on the subject? 

If so that really gives me an idea of what my own type is.

But that is separate. My main inquiry is if there are more distunguishers between thinking and feeling?So a Ti user might say, I disagree and here is why I think so... 

While a Te might say you are wrong and[ here is the proof](http://www.aicr.org/assets/images/diagrams/alcohol-serving-sizes.jpg) for why you are wrong.

Is that right?Can you explain your reasoning? I'm just curious really is allWhat leads  you to think so? Any specific reasons? Also I'm a little confused with inferior Ne and I've found introverted J's to focus a bit too much on routine. I'm not a routine person at all.

Just wondering reallyFair enough. I focus on the other people partially because I have social anxiety. People worry me and so it becomes an anxiety to deal with them as I'd rather be alone doing things by myself. In all honesty, I'd rather take the trip alone.

I'm glad you were able to explain your answer. It helps me quite a bit. 

Also doesn't your flair say ESTP or is that not your type? 25 years old. 

I'm just confused with inferior Ne is all. I've seen all the descriptions to it and I can't really relate to inferior Ne at all. Do you have any descriptions for what dominant Si is like as well as inferior Ne?

Mainly the reason why I say so is that I'm very tangential, I'm highly idea focused and wanting to know why as well as what about things and I tend to actually miss many physical details in the world that other people pick up on. I'm great at broad strokes, terrible at paying attention to what is in front of me. I tend to be very scattered and my friends call me a cloudcuckoolander and I fit in very well with the description on the page there.

So I was just wondering what you saw there exactly. 

So you recognize Fe/Ti axis as well as Si/Ne?

My question is what does inferior Fe look like exactly as that is the other option within the same axes without being extroverted?

With some information about inferior Fe vs inferior Ne I'm sure it would be easy to solve.

I've also learned to be more aware of others as I get older. When I was younger I was a lot more inconsiderate and self centered.Thank  you for your input!

In general I do have very strong inner values but I lack confidence to express them. I live my life based upon them. Some of my friends might disagree on some of them in which case I keep them hidden from view and say neutral things as I don't like conflict.

I still will only make friends with someone really if they align on certain things that are important to me. Otherwise it is a banishment to acquaintance land. 

But again, I lack confidence.

Some other reasons why I'd agree with you. I happen to empathize with people based on trying to impart a similar emotion on myself. I'm not very externally affected and so I have to think of a situation where I was in something similar and impart the feeling I need. People say that is a very Fi like trait.

I also tend to love to validate my values through external facts rather than internal logic. When I feel factually backed up I can be confident I will be able to persuade someone that my view is the correct view. It also helps me have stronger values to be backed up by fact as I feel more confident in them. I'm guessing that is a Te-Fi thing as well?

I have a strong interest in my identity that I haven't seen in Fe people. I want to get things right and represent myself to the fullest as well as be able to connect with others through my identity. 

I had a discussion yesterday about spikes of emotions and I put I'm unhealthy because I experience a lot of negative emotions that I happen to try to repress. I can get them out by expressing myself in various ways but sometimes the pressure builds and all of a sudden I'm out with a friend and I'm breaking out crying suddenly. They are having a good time and I'm bawling over some issue. I also put unhealthy due to lack of confidence that leads me to not express my views openly. I'm opinionated if you really got close to me and know but mostly I hide it because I'm afraid.

Does that fit in more?

Also my mbti test years ago was infp....A few things. I relate highly to the NFP stuff [
you mentioned here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4mm1jn/the_unromanticized_view_of_ne_in_dominant_si/d3wmuli). 

The reason why I back up my values with facts is because when dealing with other people I like providing proof to convince them that my view is correct. It makes me more confident in sharing it if I can reach others if I can back it up with statistics and facts. I don't steal the views of others as I've figured out the world on my own, but I like having things to back it up so when it is challenged I don't feel backed in a corner.

But if it is just for me? I go with what feels right to me really. But I have a lack of confidence in myself due to a low self esteem. I seek out facts because I'm not very self assured.

I don't really relate much to the inferior Ne stuff. I just point out that I use Ne pretty much all the time so I get confused why someone would say inf Ne.  

I don't really get into catastrophe thinking as I know that I can work on my feet very well. I don't need to worry about possibilities as there are more than enough out there where things are fine. I don't understand how someone can focus on a worst case scenario.

Also, yes. Your statement on IxFP and planning the shit out of something does work but only in a situation where I have to do so. It isn't exactly what I enjoy doing but I am able to do so if need be. I'd rather go with the flow but when push comes to shove I will set out what everything is needed.

In general I find the idea of inf-Ne weird because multiple perspectives as well as possibilties and taking into account all information that is available in the moment is something that is just second nature to me.  I incorporate it enough in my life that I don't even really notice it because it is like second nature to me.

Also. See the conversation with [here in this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4mo2av/help_with_typing/d3wznvs).

Doland's perspective seemed to be that I focus on people quite a bit but that is in general maybe a feeling trait rather than an Fe trait. Note that my answer isn't about making *other people* more comfortable. It is about my own comfort. It sounds selfish but I'm out on a trip to enjoy it and the last thing I want to do is have a miserable time. I also do have some social anxiety as well even though it is minor.

Does that make sense? Any further perspectives as I am open to them and I enjoy seeing the analysis of others.I think one problem is that people associate thinkers with being smart and rational and feelers with being sentimental and irrational.

I don't think that is really the truth though. INFPs still have good access to both Ne and Si and I think the Si is used quite a bit for analysis. They also have the ability to use Si to recall facts and use the inferior Te as well in order to not only structure their posts but make a logical and fact based arguments. Same with an argument in person. 

I think also lead introverted feelers can have a bit more control over their expression of feelings at times as well. I know at periods I actually feel quite upset about something but I won't show it at all. It comes across as the thinker not being offended by anything and I'll play it off with humor to change the topic or if I have to engage in the argument try not to show my inner feelings. 

It comes across as being more cold and rational despite an inner turmoil. In reality I'm feeling something inside, but i'm not going to share it necessarily with the person that I'm discussing things with. 
Me too. In fact, I rarely will express publicly anything other than calm even if inside I don't always feel that way. 

In fact, I'd probably say this statement as outwardly this is me even if inwardly not so much. So the person could very well be an INFP imo stillIt isn't a lie though. I am quite calm most of the time as I manage my inner emotions fairly well.

It is the most of the time that matters here as there are times I don't but I'm not going to express those times.

I'm not sure what your view of an Fi user is like. Remember, neuroticism in the Big 5 has a very low correlation to T/F or type in general. I think you can have an INFP with low neuroticism. 

Doing so just puts a view that INFPs are all neurotic individuals. I know some INTPs that are anything but chill and fairly neurotic and stressed out easily.

In fact, I don't think a neurotic inferior Fe user would be very calm at all. They are very outwardly expressive in a raw form.

This isn't really a type thing but more I think a neuroticism trait and could apply to any typeI like calling over texting. Texts I can easily miss and forget to respond to. Plus typing it out means you have to stop everything you are doingSpinning round and round

The ball dances between the red and black pockets

Trazadone, red you bet

A dark pocket looms ominously and you wish it away

A chill runs through your spine as the ball crosses the dark track

A heaviness, leaving tears in your eyes

It is your lucky day as it passes to a scarlet pocket


Red brings you the warmth and peace you wanted

An escape for at least today

The croupier smiles " Again tommorow, my lady?"

_____
INFPWhen dealing with logic do you care more about a factual argument or an internally consistent argument? Are you more concerned with thinking correctly or thinking independently?

Would you rather have a consistent value system that might not be beholden to objective facts or would you rather have facts back up your values at the expense of being a bit more disorganized with what you believe? Is your logic following external systems or is it an internal framework that works only for you? 

Are you more likely to side with your own values or the values of the majority? Then I think you should check out INFP. It really sounds like INFP to me when all axes are accounted for. The despite facts is more inferior Te than Ti. Ti doesn't care as much about facts but will use them to help structure their logic more clearly.

I can relate to most of what you say and I'm INFP. By the way, black star as from Soul Eater?It is easy to focus on individual functions when you need to remember they come in pairs. Ti-Fe works a certain way with how it handles values and logic and the same with Fi-Te. 

In arguments I'm very often citing various things like studies, statistics and various facts. It is a presentation that is difficult to refute unless you are similarly armed or if you just don't care about the evidence. But then when I have them used against me I back down very quickly and maybe not question them as much as a Te heavy individual might.Oh nice.  Listening to the song and it is awesome and I haven't heard it before. So thanks! You have a pretty good taste in music.

Also nobody is too old to love cartoons or disney stuff imo. I love both as well! 

INFJ and INTP are very Fe-Ti. Determining between them should be about finding your axis between Fi-Te and Ti-Fe. 

The adage goes Fi-Te seeks to feel independently and think correctly while Fe-Ti seeks to feel correctly and think independently. 

In order to feel correctly that means sacrificing how you feel about things like values in order to match the group or even feel with your emotion to the group rather than internally.  It is impersonal emotion and personal logic vs Fi-Te personal emotion and Impersonal logic.

Fi tends to see Fe as ingenuine and false

Fe tends to see Fi as selfish

Ti sees Te as inconsistent or too rigid and thus is dismissive of their arguments

Te sees Ti as subjective and overly flexible thus logically just nonsense


All groups can get along but that is what happens usually when they clashI like to think of it as Te has belief stances rather than a belief system. 

Fi-Te asks where you stand on an issue with a simple for or against.

Meanwhile Ti-Fe sorts the world into a system of beliefs that are consistent with each other and backed up with the internal knowledge of how the world works.

This is most strongly seen in xNFJs who have very strong worldviews that are very interconnected I think.

XNTPs might not have as strong of beliefs but the beliefs they hold are consistent. 

So basically.

For Fi-Te I believe in x belief because of the evidence for it and I believe in Y belief because it also seems right to me.

while TI-Fe might go: My belief in X dictates that a stance on Y should be this because if i believed otherwise then it would be inconsistant.oh yay another schizophrenic INFx! Me too!

Technically it is impossible to be both P and J without being a complete transcendent self as they involve completely opposite functions.

That being said. When I was psychotic I tested all over the place depending on what traits I believed were true. It wasn't split personality but what happened was behavioral and perception changes that made me believe things that weren't true. Especially about my own self. 

Remember the test and the theory is something else. IF you go by functions not only can that get messed up but J and P mean something differently. 

J refers to the lead extroverted function to being a judging function and P to a percieving. this gets confusing when you have to consider that introverts lead with their introverted function.

So really you would be determining if you have Ti or Te and Fi or Fe (fi vs fe is easier)

I use mbti as one of many toolsets to help gauge if my frame of mind is consistant to my character . It is hardly the only and not anywhere near the most important but it does help me organize who I am independent of the illness. 

Because the sad truth is that not only is there lack of executive functioning but I start believing really wrong things, especially about myself. I need to figure out exactly who i am in order to be able to gauge when i'm acting out of line.I wouldn't say necessarily that schizophrenia doesn't change your personality fully. I think any major event in your life can alter the way you perceive and react in life.

For example in myself the prodronal phase of schizophrenia appeared about 14-15 years old and affected the development of my personality. I think it had an influence personally on my agreeableness traits, my introversion vs extroversion, conscientiousness and openness to experience when I'm not sick. Generalized anxiety disorder and depression as well even affects my neuroticism.

 I don't think I'd be half as agreeable were it not for the perspectives gained from my illness. I wouldn't be nearly as open to experience if it wasn't for struggles with anhedonia. If it were not for the isolation I probably wouldn't be nearly as introverted. Partially my lack of social skills even when I'm not ill makes me find socialization stressful and being alone more of a relief. Being sick has been a negative influence on my ability for conscientiousness by not learning key skills required.

Considering the general correlations from big 5 to mbti I think the type I ended up with is influenced by my experiences. Is the illness my personality? No. It does change behavior. Does it affect development? I'd certainly think so. 15-17 is considered the time that opinions and personality is highly influenced and I experienced my first psychotic episode probably around 16 or 17. Considering Bioshock's release date it was certainly 16 I think. Looking into pictures it becomes obvious it was actually 15. Unfortunately I didn't receive treatment until 19. So I think it had an effect for sure on my personality.

That being said, I don't think when I'm recieving more symptoms that my core personality changes. Even during psychosis I still managed to be just as loving to my friends, just as determined to my core values and just as creative. I'm highly confused as I got 3 Alpha, 2 Beta, 4 Gamma and 9 Delta! 

Like none of those are my type at all in Delta and no matter what I go back to with things on the line it only gives me Delta. 

So I wouldn't really place it. Fyi [type 9 on this fits me to a T](http://personalitytheorist.tumblr.com/post/145249487195/3-kinds-of-infp). Ahh alright so that makes sense now. I was a little confused there. Thanks!

It actually sort of makes sense as it groups all types that lead with a judging function together and determining whether it is introverted or extroverted judging.

It keeps sister types together at least by pairing based upon the lead function. Percievers are sister types based upon their judging function and Judgers are sister types based upon their perceiving functionI call bullshit on feelers not being able to be logical.

The whole point of T v F is about object vs person centered interactions. Fi tends to be oriented towards the self as people and Fe towards others.

It also describes how one makes decisions. Feelers make decisions based upon value judgments and thinkers based upon system judgements (internal or external). 

What it doesn't describe is a person's proficiency with logic. It determines what you do with it, but it doesn't say anything about ability. 

Futhermore, feelers aren't even always emotional. Neuroticism is a trait that has little correlation to mbti type. I'm a mostly unemotional person and I'm an INFP. What it does determine is how you use the emotions you have to make decisions. It also handles HOW you process your emotions, not the amount you have.

T and F are both judging functions. It is how we process the information in the world and make decisions. A feeler might use logic and be very rational in creating their value system or value stance. Once that value is created it is used as a shortcut rather than going through the logic in the moment.

I think if more people understood how thinkers vs feelers work then you would have more people identifying themselves as feelers. A huge reason why they don't is because of the stereotype that in order to be smart you have to be a thinker or if you are a rational person you must be a thinker. So you have people who very much make value judgments who refuse to identify themselves as anything but a thinker because they want to be recognized as smart.If that were true you would see no feelers who had interest in programming or math. Which again is funny as I have gotten into both but fell out because of cognitive impairments to working memory from mental illness. Ask around in the feeling subs and you will find that there might be less interest in logic professions than in the thinker subs but that doesn't mean there aren't many feelers in them.

Furthermore, there are thinkers who just have poor grasp of the logic they try to use. Being a thinker does not automatically make you smart. 

Ti has to do with internal consistency and systems and it is Te that has to do with the external systems of things like logic. Ti thinks it is logical but often isn't because it is subjective. They can very well play mental gymnastics to justify their decisions.

Te is more likely to use the formal logical systems that are rule based to process information. However it can also be more inconsistent and hold contradicting beliefs as both valid.

My point about Neuroticism is just that emotional stability has little to do with T v F.

Furthermore, I disagree with emotional expression of thinkers vs feelers. For example, ENTP and INTP can be more expressive of their emotions than an INFP because Fi conceals and controls its emotions while Fe expresses. Fi people are described even by Jung as cold.

I'm not speaking as if you know nothing, I'm just explaining my reasoning and knowledge. I'm refuting an argument using my own understanding. So I might as well show my understanding. Furthermore, just because you might have that knowledge doesn't mean that others who look at the conversation do as well.   I agree with this. Especially the put yourself in another's shoes and understand where someone is coming from. Writing comes easy for me because of how easy it to imagine alternative perspectives and stay in that perspective. Empathy is also engaged in a similar way.

Not sure if it is Fi-Ne that does that or just Fi in general. 

I'm against discrimination because I see how people can suffer and I know not only instances I've faced discrimination and what that was like but also what suffering feels like. I can easily imagine what it is like to be discriminated against and how that would affect their lives. Therefore I feel empathy for them and want to help them.

It is also about a sense of what is right and wrong. And discrimination is wrong and against my own values so therefore I strongly stand against it.Well if you go by when math was brought up in /r/ENTP ... the INTPs and ENTPs did not respond to enjoying math. But that is just anecdotal evidence.

My question is if Ti likes math at all. Math has a requirement of using an external rigid system in order to calculate it. Internal methods go against the rules of math and I think would end up in frustration.

Needless to say, I think a Fi-Te user might be more interested in math than a Ti-Fe user. I do have a theory that it would be different perhaps for ESTPs or ISTPs because there might be more tolerance for rigidity and lack of alternative possibilities. 

An INFP might be curious and interested in math and maybe even good at it becuase of natural curiosity of your inferior and teritary. You can see this in introverted sensors and infjs where they are overly proud of their Ne or Ti. To an INFP, math can be a reason to do what is less natural to them and might excel in math classes because of that. I know I did back in the day.

I think if you really wanted someone to choose to do your math I'd pick an ixtj or Extj. 

Actually, I'd trust most of all an istj due to that double hitting Si and Te combo. Second would be ESTJ.

My point here? The assumption is that Ti is necessarily good at math when I don't think it is an environment where Ti excels in. I think Math is a Te environment. Unfortunately Te is still inferior in an INFP and so I wouldnt' think there would be as much interest and lowering the probability that one would practice it. 

Ti is more about logical consistency rather than following specific rules. They also work great for figuring out how to make systems more efficient. They are better at analyzing than calculating I would think.Thank you for that! Fits me pretty well too.

When I am healthy though I do like to show some warmth because it keeps me positive and it is just who I am. I tone down higher levels of happiness thoughMother: isfj

 father: istj

sister: esfp 

me:infpShe spends all her time with her many friends. It works okay. I get along okay with her.

I dont understand how she can go to all those parties, do all these wild escapades. It works for her I guess 

She is really smart and yet somehow falls for things like psychics. I got into an argument with her over that.

She could be enfp but either way we clash like two fi people sometimes do.I do wonder too because everyone I know tests intuitive. I'm not talking about the online tests, the one given more officially. I mean yeah I got INFP on it, but I haven't met many people who have taken it and gotten sensor outside of my istj friend.

One thing I wonder is if there is a generational change. Or at least a peer group thing. There is some but not extreme correlation to testing as sensor and medium to low openness in big 5.

What I wonder is if the peer group that the majority of redditors share would score higher in openness and thus have a higher chance at testing as intuitive. 

Note I don't say that that means they are intuitive or not, just how they test.Sometimes I do wonder about what you say with accuracy when you go in blind. I mean, I've settled on INFP and long before I knew anything about MBTI I was given the actual (not online) test blindly and got INFP. I then sat down with the person administering it and they talked to me.

INFP is pretty much what I have settled on now and the Type me thread had people concurring. 

I think the significant thing was that I took the test completely blind.

My problem was that I started to see the  community stereotypes of INFPs and the discussions on certain subreddits and I figured that I couldn't be that. So rather than stick to my type I tried to fit things into what I wanted. Which meant selectively choosing things to fit into a bias of what I thought I must be.

I think the test itself gets a bad rap really because of the presence of online tests with poor questions. The online tests try to write their own questions that I don't think are as well thought out. People not only know what they want but poor questions in free tests don't help eitherI only really have a hatred for a few people. And all of those were people who were involved in sexual assault or abused me. I would love to stab my rapists with a dagger near melting point and then cool the burn with frozen lemon juice so they can get a clue of the pain they inflicted on me.

Other than that, I don't really hate people. 

As a side note i'm sad cause I liked peppermint. Peppermint seemed really niceI'm guilty of the furry chargeYay I'm glad! You are always so friendly and helpful.I'd answer A myself. I wouldn't say mostly influenced by views that are accepted in mainstream society as many of my views aren't. But many are influenced when it is something that isn't important enough.

However, the next two sentences are completely true.

I'm just conflict adverse more than anythingWell that makes sense. I think I can understand why INFPs are more comfortable with A.

Honestly I get more of an Fe feel from B than I do A. The first statement to me in A speaks to more Te than anything imo. 

Standing up for a topic you are passionate about to me speaks to the individual holding their views as objective rather than subjective. It is going I'm right because I've figured out the world (Ti). An Fe person might also want others to agree with them and for the group to commune. Comparative to A that is recognizing the many alternative viewpoints and expressing your own without trying to change others.I think Fe-Si might possibly avoid trying to affect the emotions of others because they might be avoidant of personal discomfort. I think Fe-Ni might not worry about others being comfortable as they want their ideas to be accepted.

Furthermore, judging people and sorting them into categories sounds more Fe to me. I'm very non-judgmental and the idea of doing so I can't agree with at all. Furthermore, the last line is about confronting them and to me that speaks to wanting group conformity.

I could see it also being Fi-Se. Lacking the Si, SFPs might care less about their own comfort and to them their viewpoint is the focus. Rather than the NFP who is considering all viewpoints through a subjective manner, the SFP feel strongly about the world and willing to stand up for it. Furthermore this I think is based upon their Fi-Ni worldview. While Fi-Ne might see multiple viewpoints and accept them as all possibly valid and thus not push things Fe-Se I would think would be more concerned with their personal subjective viewpoint. Thus if something conflicts with it, it clashes.

That is my analysis anyhow.Well online you usually see lead Fi users have custom flairs. ESPECIALLY INFP.

It isn't surefire but enough to bring suspicion when a user always want a flair that makes them special and different.

Sometimes you notice it with INTJs too. Something with Introverted Fi users makes them love special labels . Oddly I haven't seen it as much with ISFP but I could be wrongINFP -&gt; ENFP - &gt; INFP - &gt; ENTP - &gt; ESFJ -&gt; ENFJ -&gt;  ESFJ -&gt;INTP -&gt; INFP -&gt; ESTJ -&gt; INFP 

At least I'm consistent with Ne-Si axis mostly outside of ENFJ. I think I'm just missing ISTJ and ISFJ.Pretty sure. It was between that and istj and I think im more fi-ne than si-te.

I can relate well to other INFPs as wellInferior Te I think. INFP

This means admitting things that I don't like to admit

Sometimes I use facts and statistics just to further my conviction rather than form beliefs out of the facts and statistics I find. I have problems with confirmation bias and will ignore contradictions in order to support my own beliefs. Often times I take a stance on something I believe and then search for evidence to use against others. In reality I don't care as much about the evidence as I should and it just becomes ammo and ways to make me feel justified.

I tend to not care about learning about the entirety of a system and only about the parts that are important to me.

When someone disagrees with me I am prone to playing the fallacy game where I point out problems with their logic rather than actually refuting the argument. I don't apply the same to people I agree with and it is just a tactic to "win".

I also happen to throw out statistics and facts and think that is argument enough and not explain why it is important.

I am also terrible with organizationId say ni users are more figurative. I think ne users are identifiable by their difficulty in staying on topic as they love to go on tangents. 

Ne users are prone to word vomit at times Either INFP or ISFP. I think INFP

Gryffindor House

Pukwudgie house

Apple wood with a phoenix feather core, 14 ½" and quite bendy flexibility wandNow I really can't decide between INFP and ISFP. I've thought about it for a while and I can't make up my mind as there are arguments for both. I know I'm always on the lookout for ways I can make a difference in the world and advocate based on that.

I know for sure I'm Fi-Te (though unhealthy as I have a very low self-esteem so I focus on others because I don't believe i'm worth enough to deserve anything myself) but I still am unsure on Se-Ni or Ne-Si. I organize both objects and people based upon how I feel about them. If something or someone is meaningless to me or I deem as wrong then I get rid of it in my life. If something I deem to be meaningful, kind, a good influence or pure I draw myself close. I ask myself a lot if something is right or wrong and my standards often don't match up with the criteria others form.

Aside from that. A wonderful guide and I really appreciate everything you put into this fourm!Awww. I'm glad I'm appreciated. I suppose if I get INFPs it must be because I fit in very well and maybe thus I am one?

I'm very impulsive and in the moment but that could be my ADD. I just get bored really easily.That does help a lot! I recognize a lot with what you put down for ISFP. Especially how I daydream and what I feel comfortable discussing. Plus I do tend to have larger goals and care a lot about how I'm perceived.

I recognize with caring about how pictures and symbols mean to me. That is why I have a lot of sentimental objects in my life. Things that have meaning to me and I'm attached to. I also dress much nicer but less expressively than my INFP friend. I put a lot into looking nice before I go out and do things. I won't go out if I look like a mess.


I live  in the moment as well. While I realize Ne is fairly in the moment as well, I tend to be myopic and act impulsively without considering the consequences. Sometimes it pays off, sometimes it hurts me. It is partially the fault of ADD, but I also enjoy it. I'm spontaneous and don't really make many plans.

I hate things becoming stale. Sometimes I just go out and do new things to change things up or meet new people. I like it when there is something new. I wish I could move but if I want to be a counselor then I have to attend the university here while I have low income housing.

I'm not very judgemental and I struggle with emotional bonds and commitment. I care quite a bit about my status as it is a sphere of influence that allows me to accomplish my dreams.

I try my best to not be offensive as that contrasts with my internal values but also it causes conflict which I hate.

I think the more I think about it ISFP fits a lot. But at the same time I get along really well with INFPs and relate a lot to them. I "get" them and I can see a lot of myself in what they say. I'm just unsure how much I use Ne is all. I CAN use Ne but it isn't readily apparent to me my use of it. Unless I'm just using it without really realizing it. It isn't so much of a focus as things that just happen.While cats are still fairly intensive due to the concentrated energy consumption predators have, their small size makes up for that. Dogs on the other hand are much larger and being omnivores require more food material which converts into higher energy needs and more damage to the earth.

While maybe in a small concentration dogs and cats aren't a bad thing, the overpopulation makes them a threat to the planet. In order to save all life on the planet sometimes sacrifice is needed.

Sacrificing your puppy is logically a solid conclusion towards the good of the earth's health.Fi tells me how I feel and what is important to me but it is the extraverted judging function that makes the decision in which case I revert to what is factually relevant (Te) to make sure I'm making the right decision.

Fi and Te works in pairs

IxFP has their extraverted judging function or deciding function all the way in the inferior which means it is hard for them to make a decision. This is why they are procrastinators and seen as "lazy" because they don't like to make a decision at all. It is easier to make a judgement and leave it at that

It isn't that your feeling is stronger than the world. It is that the value of the puppy is personal and that it would take an amount larger than the world to be an equivalent value. You make a logical pro-con list maybe unconsciously and weigh the value of one thing according to others.That one gives me isfp. Huh neat. Ive been considering isfp for a while so maybe it is confirmation bias.Well what would use assume other than Fi-&gt; Te? I don't think I'm very Fe at all. For example, emotionally I'm warm but at the same time I'm muted in emotional expression. I feel a lot more internally than externally. I base my decisions based upon my personal values rather than group ones and they are very strong.  Sometimes I don't even realize them until someone steps over one and then you get me suddenly turning cold to a person or getting angry at them. I tend to also let out my emotions in bursts because of that rather than sustained emotion. In fact, the emotions of those around me only affect me if I want them to. I can deal with people who are upset without it dragging me down.

I also think I'm more Te than Ti as I can be fairly inconsistent at times but I try to be as correct as possible. The adage is "Te,Fi thinks correctly and feels independantly and Ti,Fe thinks independently and feels correctly" is true I think. I do focus a lot on believing in the right things and using facts to back up my argument as much as possible. I tend to throw out in arguments various studies and links to back up my argument rather than try to point out the logic in the argument. I do try to pick up formal logic as well and all of the fallacies and appeals involving it. I find it interesting but the associated careers are not exactly what I want to do.

As for Novelty in abstract ideas.. I do tend to add into my stories a lot of novelty in trying to do something in a different way than I've seen before. I love putting a twist on something and imagining it from a different perspective. I love to ask questions with my writing for the reader to answer. I'm not the most abstract person but there are times that I am. For example: Listening to a song on the radio and talking with a friend about what a world without music would be like. Then what would revolutions be like and how would you organize such without rhythm? What constitutes music in the first place? What might be other ways things can be expressed without music? Would an alien race without hearing produce music? Could it be done through vibrations leading to an art style of music that is more akin to percussion? 

Things like that are a lot of fun for me to do and sometimes it happens without me focusing on it.

As the same time, I really enjoy the novelty of a new place. I love trying new foods and I love going to new places. Tommorow I'm going on a trip that I planned on the fly with a friend to go kayaking despite never doing that alone on a whim. It is a lot of fun and I love it! I'm always happy to discover a new song, eat a new food, experience a new place and see new sights. I wish I could afford to go on a trip across the world. Until then there are always little adventures and new things to go to in the place I live in. That being said, I'm not a huge thrill seeker. I'm more into novelty than thrills as too high of an emotional experience bothers me. I might try skydiving to give it a shot but it doesn't sound like something I'd want to do regularly. Though I might as I do enjoy snowboarding and downhill skiing for the adrenaline rush.

Some of my favorite times was like when I wanted to do something new so I hopped in my car with zero planning and attended a nerd meetup 5 hours away. I get all sorts of new experiences doing things like that.

I do want to be a counselor.


The thing is that I'm way too introverted to be a Pe dom. I know ENFP and ENTP are both called ambiverted but I don't feel like I'm social enough for that. 

So what would you place me as with no preconceived judgements?Huh. The scottmunson page gives me 

Clear Introversion: 17/21

Moderate Intuition: 18/26

Clear Feeling: 21/24

Very Clear Perceiving: 22/22


I can relate a lot more to the intuitive page on the page you linked but I'm not sure how much that is because of bias.

I guess maybe I still am an INFP
That make sense. Then my desire for novelty is Ne. I'm not looking for the most compelling sensation but rather novelty of experience. 

Maybe I am INFP because I don't like intense sensations even though I will try most things once.

If I were to go by Ne from your description then I am an Ne userNothing really. I could very well be ISFP. I'm still sorta torn between INFP and ISFP and leaning towards INFP but ISFP is a great type to be as well!On sundays I usually like to take a long walk. It is both relaxing and important for my health to do so. Anyhow, I really wonder if walking is a better solution to cleaner energy. I mean, bikes seem to be great if you want to get somewhere fast but they are expensive and easy to steal. So of course, legs are reliable. Because people can't steal legs.

Now what would we need to make a society where walking is more used? I think an important thing would be to consolidate and eliminate the suburbs.

But like how would our culture be if we didn't have suburbs? I mean, it was part of our history to create this sprawl and coming together would require more consolidated resources. So we would need to adjust to being in smaller spaces which would be hard for introverts. I mean, I'm an introvert who lives downtown and I don't care for the consolidated life. But it is useful.

In fact, I have had a friend over for a while. I need to take time to relax with quiet time. This walk sounds like good quiet time and the next few days maybe get into The Sims again. The sims certainly seems to be one of my favorites and sometimes I wonder if our own life is just a controlled sim experiment. Like maybe there is some race playing our lives and our limited perspective means that we can't tell ourselves. Who ever it is needs to be using the rosebud cheat more. 

Either way, tomorrow's walk should be peaceful and I could either go to Meijers and get all I need for the week or I could go to the Mall and chill out there for a while. Maybe I could look into the computer parts that I need. Plus I know that the S'mores frappe is going on so that might be a good way to get one. I could also return my books to the library and pick up some new ones. In fact, I think I will do that. As much as the books were helpful I want to read something different. 

Thank goodness for walking. I dunno what I'd do if I couldn't walk. I feel bad for those who can't as those scooters can't go everywhere. Especially not on my canoeing trip. I'd be a sad panda. But like everyone, this would just mean an adjustment to life and a new way to find meaning. I had to adjust to a lot of things in life and I managed to find some sort of meaning, so I wouldn't imagine it would be too hard.

I think I'm gunna go with the library but keep my options open.Infp really sounds to fit me according to this. I know when im upset I crave certain sensory things to calm me down. I love novelty but I like to chill to my favorites That was another point. My possibilities are grounded and not much like Ne. My thoughts mostly focus on things that could happen.

Does ISFP make sense?After thinking on what you said about both pictures then isfp makes the most sense with what you posted. Thanks!Im going to agree with isfp I think. It fits fairly wellI think ISFJ works well. One of the key indicators is the worrying about the future. Inferior Ne to me would be an indicator of anxiety about the future because the individual feels uncomfortable with the possibilities.

You have a strong feeling of community that dictates what you consider to be "naughty" and to me I think your concerns about others makes you an Fe candidate for sure.

Your first paragraph gives me an idea of Si not Se. Si seems to love to binge. You see it a lot more clearly in ENXPs who will when stressed out suddenly have a hyper focus on their health or binge eat/drink. I would think a dominant Si would have control over their health and be able to binge appropriately by working it off.

Overall I don't really get an INFJ aura. The main thing that really makes me feel that way is the obsessions. Obsession with health, obsession with the future. A seeming obsession with detail.

I've found INFJs to be a little.. preachy and I don't get that from you. I think the fact that you didn't fit in well in their forum spaces should be a pretty good give off that you aren't one imo.

Im an ISFP and the irony is that your INFP description matched me. 

Sounds like you ran into a specific person you didnt like. 

I just found it ironic as I go out of my way not to be selfish and to be kind and the stereotype of isfp is someone who is unselfish and friendly, but kinda a doormat and flaky.I've always been kinda a quiet nerdy kid outside of the classroom. A bit of a daydreamer. I've always been very active in class and always wanting to participate in discussion to the annoyance of others. I just enjoy learning and asking questions.

I've always enjoyed hands on learning more than reading textbooks. The active participation was my favorite part.

I've also had difficulties with overindulgence and impulsiveness. I can't help it if something tastes, smells or looks good.Off topic but that function test is the second test to give me isfp. I remember the first time I took it and thought i was enfp it gave me isfp as well.

Interesting testHuman metric gives me isfp and the function tests do too. 16 personality gives me infp but I dont like the questions there . The official test gives me infp but i am an isfp.


I should retake the official and do what i am rather than what i want to beGet me in the right group and im a blast. Almost an esfp in a small group. But im still the first to leave I'm only going to list the types I know. I'm not gunna list a type I don't know

ESTP- A little rough but I have a hell of a fun time with you. Fun times drinking, camping, biking and having a great time. I admire the hell out of the achievements you can push yourself to. I'd go skydiving with you anytime 9/10


ISTJ- Smart as hell. A bit too much into routine for my tastes but you can pull back my bullshit and call me on it. I appreciate it. No nonsense is great to me and while a little blunt a great pal. 10/10

ISFP- Quiet but knows how to have a fun time. Friendliest people ever and genuinely cares about everyone. Sticks to their principles and creative. 10/10

INFP- Fun times discussing ideas. Can come up with so many story ideas and bullshit with. A little abrasive at times but loyal as hell. Will be there for you in a pinch 8/10

ESFP- The most fun ever! I love doing drugs and partying with you. Shame I can't do drugs often but when I did it was a lot of fun. Plus, this type is great in bed and is totally up for it too. Love this type so much. 10/10

ISFJ- Quiet but caring. Always wanting to please me. I'll read over your stories any day. Loyal friend and cares deeply. I wish though the person I know would let me feel bad more often as I like having other emotion than happiness. 7/10

ENTP- Funny people. I like the jokes and dark humor. Sometimes I'll be in the mood to debate and I like their ideas. Very clever and fun. 7/10

ENTJ- Okay so like, your poetry is a great way to express yourself. But like, don't get mad when I don't have anything to say about it. A little abrasive but still a great friend to talk to. I like talking about writing though and I like your sense of style. 7/10

ISTP- Enjoy playing games and bullshitting. Had fun camping with you. Lots of video games was a great time and especially fun when we were jumping off that waterfall into a small pool. I know it was dangerous but you know how to have fun 9/10

ENFJ- A little out there. You want to take care of me when i'm sick and clean up my place (it is usually a mess) but it gets a little overbearing. Honestly, I sometimes roll my eyes secretly at the spiritual stuff you go over and over about. Plus the alternative medicines. I appreciate your caring and insight though. First person I go to when dealing with relationship problems 6/10

ESFJ- I appreciate how you are there for me when I need you. I'm not a fan of the organization demanded but I do like the teachings of persistence. You really know how to organize an event but I'm not a fan of how you bring up little things. 7/10

INTP- Wonderful people who are fun to chat with. I appreciate the topics you bring up and love learning new things. You are like little factoid bots and I love it. 8/10

ENFP- I like trying new things and up for trying them. That is fun. Really caring and loving people. I don't mind dealing with your feelings either. That being said, I don't know many 9/10

INTJ- A little cold but I don't mind. I like how loyal INTJs are but a little cold. I admire your fantasy life. Quite organized unlike me. Unfortunately, I wish you would get out a little more and I wish you would be a little more cuddly. I get along well, but not my favorite 6/10

Types I can only speculate on

ESTJ- The people I've seen post who are ESTJs seem really imaginative and cool. Not near as narcissistic as ENTJs. 8/10

INFJ- I like people who care about others but I don't get some of the preachy stuff I've seen. Some are nice but the metaphysical stuff is even more over the top than ENFJ. I prefer honestly the ENFJ over INFJ 6/10

Overall. All types are great though. Some I get along with better though.ISFP

Off my medication it makes me hallucinate and delusional. Small dose is okay for caffine but anything more than a small little bit like a soda screws with me.

Alcohol the same and weed is the worst of it.

On my meds: caffine makes me feel calm and focused. It makes anxiety go away and sometimes I fall asleep. It clears my mind for sure.

Alcohol makes me feel good but I get drunk fast so I don't do it often or very much.

I refuse to touch weed after the results off meds I have schizophrenia so an antipsychotic (perphenizine)

I also have adhd so that is why the weird reaction. Uppers act like add medsIt helps my mind focus and not be so tangential. It stops hallucinations and voices and paranoia. All psychotic stuff. It helps me organize my thoughts and over all be happier. The mood stabilizer helps me with depression as well.

In terms of MBTI, it changes me from being unable to really do anything to being back to my impulsive doing self. I like being able to get things done. I'm not one to sit all day thinking of what might help the world, I'd rather actually put it into action. It makes sure that I'm not being delusional and believing my personality is the opposite of reality. It also helps me come out of my shell and be more social rather than isolating and being a recluse. I guess not much MBTI related, but my natural personality is more of an in the moment doing things person. I can get lost in thought but I prefer getting something done. So the meds help me be able to be my normal self. It does make me a little drowsy so I guess it makes me a little less active than I would like.It is great. Chill out in the moment feeling the sun on your skin, savoring the taste of the hummus in your mouth, smelling the scents of the grill, listening to the waves crash and watching the sun over the lake. 


A nice relaxation after a canoe on the lake drinking a beer with a carmel flavor. Focusing on everything around you including the nice guitar music and watching the wind blow through the leaves. 

Im only an ISFP though but living in the moment is awesome.Bullshit about ISFPs not thinking before acting. They are still introverts and introverts in general consider their actions more. 

Se is about living in the moment, enjoying the world around you at the highest level you can. It isnt being reckless. Spontaneous sure but you can still be spontaneous and think.

Furthermore Fi isnt Fe. The turmoil is inside and not shown outwardly unless it is overwhelming in which case it comes out explosively. Fi doms push their emotions into control extremely We are just so awesome that we transcend threads.

In seriousness very few people want to be a sensor no matter how awesome they are and there arent many threads on them because people think we are boring or whatever negative stereotype.

People only seem to type people in their lives as sensors that they dont like.I do. I was describing myself in the moment and how I perceive the world. 

Then again, I'm an Se user so that is the kind of thing that makes me content. 

Well, that and rushing down double black diamond on my skiis. Or a night out dancing. Maybe going on a backpacking trip through the wilderness. 

Fun times!I like it a lot. If I spend too long in my head I end up all anxious so I find myself at peace if I take some time to take in the world around me.

I don't feel confident enough in the ability to predict the future. Unplanned events happen all the time and so I just don't worry about it. Meanwhile, all the stuff in the past has already gone by and shouldn't have a hold on you either as that creates anxiety.

So I just live exactly in the moment. Savoring it while I have the chance to. For all I know I might not be able to enjoy it the next. Take it all in. I also don't know about the future so I want to find the most enjoyment I can so I'm totally willing to seek out new experiences.

It is a fun and relaxing life. If I stray from it I find myself anxious and depressed quickly.
Close! Got the Se right at least. Granted I could be oneISFP be a psychologist. I love helping other people with mental illnessI'm pretty active on this forum and I'm an ISFP so we are around. I didn't realize it was my type until recently though so I'm like a lot of people and mistyped.Correct!Try suggesting a sensing type in a typing thread and watch what happens.

Furthermore check out many of the "guess what type based on relationship" threads and you see how sensors are rated lower than intuitives. 

Note how most typing threads is asking between intuitive types with no consideration of sensing types in asking which one they are.It was great. Too bad I'm sore from all the paddling but watching the Force Awakens is taking my mind off the pain while having a beer and nibbling on tiramisu. 

I love the summer for moments like earlier and I'll have to find something fun for tomorrow. I play lucina for sure in smash. I like fox though but I'm not very good with him. I'm not that great with lucina either but I've played a bit with her and better than my friends at least.

Reference is to an old username of mine really and not smash but I happen to love Fire emblem.Sounds like an awesome trip! I'd totally love a trip like that. 

I love canoeing and kayaking. Really relaxing.

I was just borrowing my dad's canoe with a friend and going out on a nearby lake. Me and my friend were planning on going on a river trip with the canoe. We had the packs and gear for a 3 day trip but 4th of july weekend meant we couldn't get any place to pick us up at the end of the trip and drive us back to the starting point. 

I love camping though and the smell of a campfire combined with the warmth of the fire is a delight. Especially if you packed smore stuff!

Now I really want to go one a backpacking trip. Think critically for a second. Examine the test questions and it is easy to find that in the official MBTI Sensing vs intuition is a matter of openness to experience. Anyone with a high openness to experience is going to be placed as an intuitive by the test.

Creativity is moderately correlated with openness.

So of course with that test sensors aren't going to be as creative. In order to test as a sensor you have to basically be non-creative.

The thing is, this is the test and if you take the results at face value.  For example, on the official MBTI I score as an INFP. Function wise though and through understanding the theory more I do happen to be an ISFP. However, the test would never give me that.

The type of mbti that is passed around in the subreddit is an offshoot that focuses on functions and thus produces different results. The people who type as ISFP like me happen to identify themselves as Fi users and Fi users are known to express their emotions creatively. This subreddit and most places I see associate art with feeling, not with intuition.

This whole openness being associated with sensing vs intuition is why many sensors don't identify themselves as such because they have high openness. I do and here is a [big five results](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8v0dgytK4wRMGh6MnZJR21OYWs/view?usp=sharing). I am also an artist and writer.

Taking data at face value isn't always usefulWhy does everyone hate ESFPs?That does sound boring but I find it true to myselfI think the key word is tend to be N types. Im a sensor with a 98 in OpennessI'd say thinkers focus on the logical standpoint. It makes it sound like sensors are less of processors when I don't think that is true at all. Furthermore, Se users are very open minded because that is the way they experience the highs of life. In fact, I'd say it is more of an Se-Ne thing and that Ni-Si are more closed to possibilities. Ni likes to focus on a single possibility rather than multiple ones.

Same with Si and gut feeling. Si users use their gut all the time as well as Ni users.

I'd say Intuitives are theoretical rather than concrete but certainly not more logical than an istp ,estp, istj, estj is. About the same probably. I would agree with using more abstraction and symbolic stuff.

Furthermore, Ne members do focus a lot on what is currently happening as they are tangential rather than predictive. They take what is around them and form ideas based on it. While they don't experience the moment in its fullest detail like an Se user does, they use the present to form possibilities and ideas for later.  I'd say Ni is past+future and Ne is present+future with Si being past+present with a little bit of the future and Se being in the exact moment.

Overall, I like the description for sensors and can relate to a lot of the stuff there (minus the detail part, I'm not very detail oriented even though I pay attention to the fine details of what is going on around me) so I think that is fairly well done. Se is in the moment again and Si in past experiences.It is weird. We share the same type but are completely opposite people.

In my case I look at the whole of a person and find who is attractive based on who I love and treats me well. Generally my feelings come before my attractions. There are exceptions but the general principle is as such. I certainly find a lot of people others don't find attractive to be beautiful physically. It certainly does matter to me to have someone I'm physically attracted to, but usually that will come with a development of a romantic bond.

I'm also very high on agreeableness and bringing this up actually bothers me but I thought i'd mention it.

Also I tend to be fairly rational and don't blindly follow my feelings. I take them into account for sure, but I want to have a solid reasoning behind a judgement as well.

Just interesting how a single type (ISFP) can be so diverseOne thing I wish people would stop is associating imaginative with intuition. Both sensors and intuitives can be imaginative. Especially introverts who like to space out and daydream.

Id rather say intuitives are abstractive and sensors are realistic . They both are imaginative, just about different things. A sensor might be very much into speculative fiction but they would probably prefer harder science (I do for sure).

A sensor would prefer alternative or future fantasy that is plausible rather than fantastical. Similarily their imaginations remain plausible (though it might stretch the boundaries of plausible or might contain choice fantasy elements but not wholey fantasy). The reason for ordering the function like they are is because using a thinking function suppresses a feeling function and intuition with sensing. You are supposed to be able to use both at the same time.

The opposite of your dominant is your inferior because you rarely suppress or want to suppress your dominant. Similarly the opposite of your aux is your tertiary because your aux isn't favored as much as your dominant so it is easier to switch to your tertiary than your inferior. 

Furthermore, you can't be introverting and extroverting a function at the same time. You might be an INTP with some usage of extroverted thinking because of times where that is necessary but in order to do so you have to suppress your dominant introverted thinking

It has plenty of logical consistency.

Another reason for the function order is that an extroverted judging function is usually matched with an introverted sensing function and same with introverted judging with extroverted sensing. The reason for that is to be able to have both a passive and an active function engaged at the same time.

Actually, MBTI separates from Jung and I support Jung in that all functions after the dominant have the opposite nature of the dominant. That means that INTP is actually Ti-Ne-Se-Fe and ISFP is Fi-Se-Ne-Te.

This makes a lot more sense to me as that way both your auxiliary and tertiary can be used with your dominant so that way you always have a passive and active function. Furthermore it explains why you can't use your inferior with any other functions and thus it is "pure" because you shouldn't be able to introvert or extrovert two functions at the same time.

As a side note, I think the tertiary being the opposite nature of your dominant (introverted vs extroverted) makes sense for a lot of the behavior of many types. I've got fair use of Ne and I've seen a lot of ExTP's with suspiciously Fi like behavior. Furthermore it would make sister types that appear sorta similar to each other much closer.

I see a lot of similar behavior between ENTPs and ENFPs (Ne doms) as well as INTJs and INFJs (Ni doms). Same with INTP and ISTP (Ti doms) In Jung's theory it was only the dominant that mattered so in reality there should just be subtypes below the dominant function. In such instead of INTP you would have Ti (N subtype). 

But this is off topic and more controversial. If you are allowed to use two introverted functions at the same time or two extroverted then I don't see why INTP couldn't be a Ti-Ni-Se-Fe. I guess that is my criticism in trying to keep with consistency.Correct!Disagree about the creativity. Im an ISFP and I am highly creative. I do tons of stories and poetry and try to paint and draw despite dysgraphia. 

I am overall very creative when it comes to most things I do.  Whether it be photography, cooking or sculpting I love being creative


I wish people would stop with creativity=intuitive because it is hardly true. Even the ESFP I knew was still a creative artist.Bullshit. I write fantasy and draw abstractly. I do stay up late at night imagining story possibilities Im going to just go out on a limb and guess it is "I am 14 and this is deep" insights I used to think I was an INFP but the more I look at it I am clearly an ISFPAny way to get custom flair back? Otherwise I'm not going to change mine to any of them.

Plus my colorblindness makes them look weird

Edit: Aww my custom flair. At least purple is a nice color. Or is it grey? I'm confused. I think it is the same color as the INTP?
It looks green to me. My colorblindness makes these all look tackyI can barely see INTJ. And by barely I mean they blend in completely. 

I've seen some subs that let you choose a color and then fill in the custom flair from there. I really wish we could just do custom flair.

Either that or group them by quadra or by temperment and have only four colors that are basic and look nice instead of... bleh. Being colorblind makes lots of different ones look very uglyFi users can't thrive without being a special snowflake.

It saps us of our life energy Thank you. Either way the flair colors are useless to me as I can't distinguish between most of them because of my colorblindness.Sounds like we need some pitchforks

Let's go to /r/pitchforkemporium

Traditional 	Left Handed 	Fancy

---E 	Ǝ--- 	---{

 DISCOUNTED CLEARANCE FORKS!

33% off! 	66% off! 	Manufacturer's Defect!

---F 	---L 	---e

NEW IN STOCK. DIRECTLY FROM LIECHTENSTEIN. EUROPEAN MODELS!

The Euro 	The Pound 	The Lira

---€ 	---£ 	---₤

HAPPY LYNCHING!

* some assembly requiredThe irony here is that I actually have ADHD. 

I'm really surprised as I would think Se is the perfect ADHD function.Me neither. Though I do love to get out kayaking, backpacking or rock climbing when I can that is rare.

Im the absolute worst multitasker.

I see Se as more of an awareness. It is taking in everything around you and drawing from what surrounds you in order to come up with an idea. It is very much the improvisation function and is characterized by impulsiveness and action.

An Se user would make a great scientist because they are great at analyzing the information in front of them to come up with a hypothesis. Their Ni lets them follow up on those questions.

Since Se analyzes the environment it is completely in the moment. It looks at the tangible evidence to make its conclusions (Se-Ni) rather than come up with a conclusion and then validate them through data sets (Ne-Si). Se looks at the evidence impartially and comes up with an answer while Ne likes to speculate. Those speculations are the reason for the multiple perspectives and many different ideas.Hey. Us Se users love to enjoy things to the furthest we can.

Okay maybe a little too much. But that hour is awesomeI hate racing thoughts. So annoying I agree.

Im an introvert. I dont join any social groups or go to parties. I spend most of my free time competely alone and I am fine with that. I don't join guilds or anything in mmos, i play solo. My socialization is limited to a small group of friends and close family. Even then I leave after an hour or two.

Sometimes I wonder if people hold extroversion to a level that nobody is at. 

Thing is. I love people.I just am not a social person I need a deadline to motivate myself as well. Well I used to overindulge a lot. I have a bad habit of alcohol abuse rather than use. I once was drinking a 1/3 to half a fifth every night. It got expensive fast.

Nowadays I just drink slowly and not that much to enjoy the taste. I like the sensation of different flavors of drinks. I'm still impulsive but a lot more controlled. Buzzed is a nice state to enjoy. Drunk not so much.

It makes me more social at least for a while until I have too much and I become even more reclusive than I already am.Well I'm a normal type and I wish I were a fire type. I mean normal has a large move pool for a STAB bonus but they don't have any types they get the x2 super effective bonus and plus their abilities aren't as awesome.

For serious, I wish I was an ESTJ. They get the goofiness of tertiary Ne, the productivity of lead Te combined with an ability to set and handle routine. I wish I could be half as competent. Plus their Si+Te makes for great analysis. I also wish I was more outgoing but I find being social to be too much of a stress on me.INFP, INFJ, ISFP and ISFJ are the most dreamy to me. I think the sensors are just as dreamy, just about different things.

Feelers in general don't analyze as much and tend to be idealists. 

In any case, when people say they daydream a lot and are asking for typing I don't count it as pointing towards N. Introverts in general daydream. Their support for mbti is that it sorta taps into big 5 traits. The problem is that it doesn't.

Most of the traits are only mildly correlated to big 5 types. The only ones really correlating are introvert/extrovert with extroversion scale and judging/perceiving and concienciousnrss.

The problem is this takes only into count if you use mbti as percentages and are not working with cognitive functions. The dichotomies screw it up because while big 5 covers people in the middle, mbti does not seperate them.

The big 5 also has a bunch of subscales as well that mbti doesnt have. They arent equivalent despite how much mbti test supporters like to say.


Cognitive functions are different. They arent empirically backed up except by jungs theories. It isnt testable but highly interesting and worth at least understanding and fun to apply So rather than address my arguments you just hide behind saying I'm wrong without pointing out why? That speaks to me that you don't have the evidence behind your arguments and have to hide behind what others post.

So i was wrong about the correlations.  The only two that correlate is I/E and S/N. Which explains why I test as an INFP.

The data is found in a [nice little table](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers%E2%80%93Briggs_Type_Indicator#Big_Five).

In fact, take a good look at the criticism page.

Oh but lets not trust wikipedia. How about [an actual study](https://jfdeschamps.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/correl-ocean-mbti-furnham-2003-6p.pdf)

Anything that is below a .7 is not a very good correlation.


I test a 98 on openness and yet i'm a sensor. Sure I test as an N (INFP) on the official mbti test but that hardly means that I am one.

I trust actual papers over what some forum says.

I don't expect an answer really. I think I know what my answer is already and you probably aren't swayed by Te-Fi arguments.
I'm actually not a huge fan of big five myself. I prefer the MMPI-2 but that is because it is useful to my field. In general I just find the cognitive stuff to be interesting fun little games but not really super accurate to anything useful.

What i mean by Te/Fi is just appeals to authority and the fallacy of throwing out facts without understanding why. Instead of spending the time to go through things just throwing out evidence without connecting it together much. In truth I wasn't interested in debate either but I just like other perspectives on stuff as often times I can miss things. 

I like discussing the function stuff not because it is credible or I take it seriously but because I treat it like fandom theorycrafting. It is fun to try to put together with understanding that it is meaningless. Then you can come up with your own information to piece together and everyone works together to make something new. It is just a fandom theorycrafting. 

What I do find useful is finding people who are like you in some way that you can relate to. When you put something out and someone else with a similar function set says "hey me too" it is a good feeling. I actually like DAE when it matches up and I find that ISTPs really relate to me well and to a lesser extent ISFPs. I also do relate to INFPs too though. 

So personally I don't care about it being scientific or not. What I don't care for is claims that I see as untrue. But it just bothers me that instead of showing why I was wrong you keep on saying "you are wrong" and not explaining why. It is just a pet peeve of mine.
1)The power to be immune to mental illness and to work a job

2) Normal lady

3)5

4) 3

5) 10

6) Just my normal clothes.INFP

They take their own experience in order to match the experiences of others and feel very deeply about the injustices others feel. Rather than relying on just feeling the atmosphere and being sympathetic they force themselves to relieve a memory in order to be on the same level. To me that speaks to the highest form of empathy. 

Reason for INFP over ISFP- INFP also have Ne and consider the possibilities of what the other person might be feeling and what their life might be like.

I have a theory that ISFPs with a combo of Fi-Se have a pseudo-Fe due to their contact with the concrete realm and the here and now. ISFPs can act like ISFJs at times due to how in tune they are with how everyone is feeling. However, unlike an ISFJ they can break it off if they want and the external feelings don't always affect their own feelings.no.

[I (21),D(9),U (1),M(99),P(99)
](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0ByUoyf34XLZeVlpOaV8yY1FBVFU/view?usp=sharing)


Click on the link for my full IPIP-NEO

I have borderline personality disorder however so that is why it doesn't match up. Technically it matches up with INTP but I'm hardly a thinker and hardly Fe.

Despite my disagreeableness I'm a fairly nice person in public and mostly in private. I am in general nice and my bad side only comes out when i'm not doing well. It only really comes out with people I'm close with. With casual friends and strangers i'm a really really nice person. Some medium closeness friends i'm okay with too. IT might also be a lot higher and i'm just being really hard on myself in questions Fair enough. I'm not an INFP so it was just speculation. I defer to an authority.Hey we just know how to have funI've done that too. Sometimes I wonder if the role of modern technology could create a better political and economic system and if our current system is able to handle the demands of the information age. As it stands there is an ever changing world and a political system and our system is biased towards those who don't fully understand it.

But in general I gravitate towards some pretty risky things. I've actually done all of the stuff you mentioned. I find it fun but a lot of people don't.I read it and feel like that was a waste of my time. Completely bored. I think I fit best in the 3rd category really as I had to push myself hard and I kinda skimmedIm a feeler with relatively low agreeableness and a sensor with high openness but then again I also have a personality disorder. It is weird how it works. Which I guess is why you have to go by functions.

Actually, having a personality disorder makes MBTI hard because part of borderline personality is an unstable sense of self. So typing myself becomes difficult, if not impossible. I'm still unsure about my type.BorderlineI agree completely.  

I certainly find that an awareness of your environment brings with it an appreciation for evidence. I like to think of Se as an evidence based function because it cares about the tangible world in front of it. I think that is partially why ESTPs can be so confrontational because they might have little tolerance for arguments that aren't aren't backed up by proof.

I find in my study of psychology that I prefer evidence based practices rather than listen to untested theories because if there is nothing there that can be backed up with proof I don't see it as that useful. Speculations are fine and nice but overall if they can't be put into use then it is pointless to me.

I guess part of that is Fi wanting things to hold value but a part of that is also Se wanting things that are objective.

I actually diagree with Se users being less thoughtful like the OP stated as well. Se still has to process what is in front of them and then run it through the judgement functions. That means they have to ponder what is going on around them. Im an isfp who is studying to be a mental health therapist so social services works Lawful good cleric pretty much always. Soo versatile. Im a goodie two shoes irl and in gameIsfp and mental health therapistISFP here. I dance in public and enjoy it. I know I suck at it but I tend to tune that out and enjoy the moment. Plus it is great when a cute woman decided to join in with youINFP-&gt;ENFP-&gt;ENTP-&gt;ENFJ-&gt;ESFJ-&gt;INTP-&gt;ISFJ-&gt;INFP-&gt;ISTJ-&gt;ISFP

I can't really make up my mind but i'm semi satisfied with ISFP. I'm a feeler for sure but I can't always tell the rest.Low self esteem and self image. I have traits of borderline personality disorder (I don't have the full disorder, just traits. I match enough to technically qualify but I'm fairly controlled. I don't have any anger problems and I have stable relationships which kinda disqualifies me from the diagnosis. Plus my abandonment problems exist but aren't that extreme.) and one that [I share](http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/borderline-personality-disorder/index.shtml) is the distorted and unstable sense of self. 

Combined with delusions that make me believe false things about myself and it is impossible for me to tell who i am. 

Still, I'm sure I DO have a personality. I'd just like to know which one but it is hard. 

I actually think I have some INFJ traits. I can certainly see how I can be a bit Fe more than Fi. I don't think I'm the most Si person and the Si-Ne axis to me feels weak as I have a hard time demonstrating Si. It is complicated but I certainly have Se somewhere in my stack and I'm a lead feeler. I do tend to find mindfulness helpful when dealing with anxiety about something that is happening in my life (I'm obsessive). I enjoy the living in the moment and trying to achieve the highest sensation I can find but I'm not sure if I just overestimate something I do in a distressed moment.

I know i'm ridged sometimes in my problem solving and thinking. I know I'm somewhat of a perfectionist which is why I get nothing done. I get overwhelmed because if I can't do everything right I tend to do nothing at all.

I dunno. there is a lot to go through and I think Se-Ni axis fits me more than Si-Ne. 

But I don't feel like I'm figurative enough to be an INFJ.

I'm pretty sure I'm not Si. Nothing I've seen as Si really seems to fit me.

But for now ISFP works.I didn't know there was a correlation really. And I've considered that possibility. Sometimes I think I don't really have a type as it is supposed to characterize healthy individuals. I'm inconsistant with my behavior which doesn't help. I really think you are right in that I'll probably not be able to pin down a type in which case I wish we had custom flair back. 

Either way, when people say to be yourself I don't know who I am. I try to adopt MBTI and other personality things in hope that I can learn something about myself. I know the MMPI-2 has some insightful stuff.

I do sorta [like type 9 INFP on this page. I feel like that has a pretty good fit to my life and what I do mostly.](http://personalitytheorist.tumblr.com/post/145249487195/3-kinds-of-infp). I guess with the association of pwBPD and INFP it makes sense.


Edit: Thank you for that thread! I guess I'll go with INFP
That explains why I can identify so much with type 9 despite shifting mbti types. I actually find type 9 infp on here quite accurate http://personalitytheorist.tumblr.com/post/145249487195/3-kinds-of-infp

I have borderline myselfYeah it does. That makes a lot of sense really. Thanks!

I could never be very good at Si. I'm always repeating my mistakes and it seems like I never learnA long one with a lot of information in it. I think I have a better idea now.Hey I'm borderline too!  I'm diagnosed with only traits but one of them is an unstable sense of self that makes typing just impossible.

Usually borderline is usually a feeler type. We feel pretty strong emotions and have strong opinions that are more characteristic for a feeler. However, the official test and most tests usually associate thinking with agreeableness rather than a logical approach to things.

Here is a good  thread on it https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4l6kpz/anyone_here_know_anything_more_about_borderline/

Not much in there, but at least some speculation.

Unless you are talking about something COMPLETELY different.The emotional regulation part of Fi. I suck at it frankly and end up just depressed, anxious or overly excited. My emotions are just way too strong for me to handle really.

I try to hide what I feel but I do a poor job of it. 1. ISFP, not sure at all. I'm certainly a feeler

2. 25

3. Dad is probably an ISTJ and mom is ISFJ

5. No

6. No

7. Yes I love beer and quite a few cocktails. Plus some whiskey. I'm a bit more talkative at first and super silly but then I get quiet and introspective. I'm kinda an introspective drunk

8. No

9. Madoka magica, Gurren lagann and soul eater. I like anime and I enjoy both the fight scenes and the story. Madoka is the outlier as I like the darkness of it.

10. No

I got 19 and I'm an ISFP. So I got in the normal range if not upper normal. I'd admit to not necessarily being the smartest person. 

My daydreams are usually a little more grounded. I'm a strong idealist for sure. Almost too strong at times to the point I get taken advantage of.  I just tend to daydream about things I want to do most of the time and only some of the time my fiction writingEh heh heh. Im like a garden hose. I cant help but get kinky.

I love my kinks. Never been part of the community but my last partner got to do some with me and I loved it the entire time.

Im also highly sexual. Ive had what.. 18 partners so far and im only 25.

Im an isfpADHD is not cultural but rather a neurological problem that impairs executive functioning. It involves specific parts of the brain and is genetic as well.

Sure exercise and skills to cope can be beneficial, but that requires much extra work that everyone else doesn't have to do just to function normally. Medications let people catch up and perform at a level that is standard to everyone else without having to put in three times the effort. Even with medication there still needs to be skill training as medication alone does not make up for impaired executive functioning.

There is a lot more to ADHD than inattention and it impairs performance in many ways. Things like time management is difficult due to time blindness and emotional dysregulation can make dealing with things like frustration that would only bother normal people slightly into something that is a hinderance. The difficulties judging performance and with working memory are hard to overcome without the correct framework.

Medication alone doesn't fix it but it is a part of it. Other parts including exercise and diet to improve motivational energy are very important as well. There are other tasks like externalizing time to make sure that tasks are completed on time and breaking down long term projects into smaller tasks that build up to a bigger picture. 

For a better picture of ADHD executive function impairment [here is a good model.](http://www.drthomasebrown.com/add-adhd-model/). This [right here has some information in the deficits especially on the prefrontal cortex](http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/495640_2).

The most difficult thing about ADHD is that it is often coexisting with other things. Psychiatric disorders often form and people with ADHD are vulnerable to such which would make taking care of yourself difficult. 

I have ADHD-PI (primary inattentive) myself and I can't take medications due to a coexisting psychotic disorder and it causes all sorts of problems. But it is still possible to manage things, it'd just be easier with the medication that let me pass school.Which is why there are measured deficits in the prefrontal cortex? IT is a neurobehavioral disorder and involves the structures and chemicals there. If it were truly cultural than why are there brain differences?Okay so I am going to say that Fi is not a logical function and that is not necessarily a weakness. It is a value based function.

Pure logic isn't always the solution. I like to see Fi as focusing on externalizes that logic itself doesn't handle.

Let's take the prisoner's dilemma.

Pure logic says that it is in the best interest of someone to defect. If you don't defect then you end up spending time no matter what while if you do defect you either spend no time or less time than if only your partner defects.

From a pure logical standpoint you would defect.

But from a values standpoint the situation is different. Questions are asked like, is it right for me to force punishment on my partner? If I defect I'm automatically sentencing my partner to either 2 or 3 years of time while if I stay silent I do the least amount of harm to them.

Or perhaps there is a feeling of trust and respect that makes you believe that the other person won't defect and allows you to not defect.

By an Fi standpoint following values can make it possible for both people to get only 1 year because it can encourage non-defecting.


Similarily, lets look at capitalism. In a perfect logical model the system works. However, in a value based model one sees that there are external factors that while not logically relevant are important enough to raise concern. An Fi user might raise concern about preserving museums and theaters with being a drain on the system because they hold an outside value. 

There is a certain worship of pure logic over all else but the world is more than just logic. We need both approaches and meet somewhere in the middle. Logic can ignore externalities but at the same time values can end up in a broken system that doesn't work. There needs to be cooperation and they are both valuable.

Yes logical consistency is a weakness of value based judgements but logical based judgements has flaws as well.

I wish there was less of a circlejerk about omg logic. Different approaches are not necessarily inferior. There is a certain attitude on the internet about emotional thinkers being inferior and logic being the only way to make a good decision. I don't think that is necessarily fair.lemme see

INFP -&gt; ENFP -&gt; ENTP -&gt; ENFJ -&gt; ESFJ -&gt; INTP -&gt; INFP -&gt; ISTJ -&gt; ISFJ -&gt; ISFP -&gt; INFJ - &gt; ISFP

I know at least I'm type 9.

I still don't know what my personality type is and i'll probably never settle on one. I think the ennegram is more descriptive as it shows the neuroticism that MBTI will not show.

I think ISFP works pretty well but i'm on the line between it and INFP. I'm not sure if i'm more Se-Ni or Ne-Si. I think at this point I've decided that I'm a feeler for sure. I'm certainly no thinker.I wouldn't even show up to the party in the first place.

I hate partiesEvery time I see this thread come up I think they are talking about what types people with borderline personality disorder have. Sigh.

Tests are shit. They change over time because the tests try their best to be a pop version of big 5 and measure where someone falls on a spectrum of four different factors.

However the factors chosen aren't the most stable and so people tend to test differently over time and test differently based on the questions asked.

What is followed here is a model that looks at cognitive functions and types based upon the lead and secondary functions. There is no need to look at the other two functions as they are just the opposing functions of the dominant and auxiliary.

Everyone has an S and an N function and use it for different purpose. Same with T and F. 

The biggest importance is just to figure out the dominant function. That should really stand out as it permeates the individual. Then you look at the secondary and that can be difficult depending on the individual.I have a curiosity how borderline or other personality disorders affect MBTI. Plus help finding my own type as I have borderline personality disorder traits and one of them is an unstable sense of self.

As for an ISFP with a higher usage of their Ni, they still act like an ISFP. It just means that they use Fi+Ni more often. They still process the world the same as any other ISFP. They are still gammas who use primarily a combination of Fi+Se and Fi+Ni with Te leaking through at times. It just means that the ISFP would spend more time processing things with Fi+Ni than others so they  might be a little more introspective and less action oriented.

The important thing is that you can only use one of the opposites at a time. You can't have both T and F active nor S and N. Thus they wouldn't act any different because even though the preferences are different, they are still using the same functions.Did it take you a long time to figure out your type?

I still think maybe INFJ myself possibly as I'm just a strong introvert even if I hate being alone. What made you settle on ENFJ?I went with ENFJ at one point. I still have no idea because who I see myself as changes all the time so typing myself feels impossible.

But that makes sense as a way to type. 

Still, it sucks that you have to go through it. BPD is not exactly fun and I was only diagnosed recently as well. It has really made me unsure of what type I am. Cool that you figured it out

Could be an ISFP

Same Ni-Se axis with them just being flipped and uses the Fi-Te axis instead of Fe-Ti.Detective (72% rationality score) which i'm guessing is ISTP probably. The 5% matches [here](http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/my-mbti-results/how-frequent-is-my-type.htm).

From the type page I can analyze that there is an in the moment (Se), use of hard logic for skepticism and the reflective portion probably refers to introversion vs extroversion. 

I scored pretty high on everything but future based but I take that just with me being impatient. I'm impulsive.

What I don't like about this test is that it relies a lot on math skills which any type can haveI'm hardly picky. I think there is like one or two things i won't eat but even then I'll eat them in some forms. I like exotic foods a lot and i'll try some pretty strange stuff.

In general the list of things I don't like are most mushrooms (i love morels though and i can stand mushrooms in certain dishes), olives (can stand in certain dishes) and ketchup (i'll stand it on a dish but i won't dip my fries in it).Why infp and not isfp? I would think Se would be very fitting as it is constant awareness to your environment I've been doubting my type so I will try it.

1. If they treat me and others with respect. In general if they are tolerant, as honest as people get and don't purposefully cause harm then I'm usually okay with them. In general though they have to line up with my personal guidelines of what makes a good person.

2. I have a lot of black and white thinking so whenever someone treats others badly, cheats, lies excessively or is overly selfish then I switch to them being bad instead of good.

3. Poor. Really really poor.

4. The present for sure. It is what envelops you at all time and thus requires your attention. The more you get stuck thinking on the past or future the worse you feel so it is important to use mindfulness. I do get a little distracted by the future sometimes as it causes me anxiety but I don't reflect much on the past. Often times I'll mope as I feel that the future is hopeless and that I'm just a failure. I tend to repeat my mistakes. I prefer talking in general about my hobbies, my current concerns, recent going ons and recent news. I guess it tends to be more practical although I can get into sometimes discussion about theoretical stuff if 
I have been reading up on it. I get more focused on one thing at a time for sure. Almost obsessively to a point that it annoys others a lot. I daydream quite a bit too and like to imagine details for writing stories. I like writing fiction so I enjoy imagining that. Or planning out a D&amp;D campaign. Sometimes I daydream something I wish I could be doing.

5. If it is a topic I'm knowledgeable of and can be confident of not being criticized then I do like leading a discussion for a while. Eventually I prefer listening although I would prefer doing something with someone to just sitting around talking.


6. Dungeons and dragons

7. I'm too avoidant to confront most people. I'm too afraid of retaliation. I'll certainly classify them in my mind as a bad person but I won't step in. If I am close to them I will intervene though and directly confront them

8. I'll try anything at least once. I  can be talked into things very easily. I don't have a lot of money so usually my adventures just have to be ordering something different that I haven't tried. But if I get the chance I love going to new areas and trying out food and stuff that I don't normally get to try. I'll try the stuff off the menu that others find the idea of gross if it is a local specialty because I enjoy new things. If given the chance to do something new I'll do it. 

9. Warm and kind mostly. I'm quite a nice person on the surface. People see me as fairly smart and caring. I am pretty sure I seem pretty emotional to everyone as my emotions are strong enough that it is hard to hide them. I would say that from someone who isn't intimate they would call me a very rational person. For those who know me know that sometimes I can take feelings over facts. At times my emotions are strong enough to make me believe false things that just feel right so I wouldn't call myself exactly a rational person. More of an emotional one. I do tend to be quiet and reserved. I don't talk a whole lot. I certainly choose my words carefully as I'm afraid of rejection or criticism. I over analyze to the point that every statement is a calculated risk. I tend to skip often to the next sentence in the middle of the last one. If someone interrupts me it doesn't bother me. I don't feel a whole lot of energy often but I have before. I'm usually pretty low energy but I have a feeling that is a lot of symptoms of mental illness more than anything. I can get energy at times. Usually when I'm manic or overly excited. In a happy mood state I have plenty of energy and can be restless. It takes me a while to get out of bed every morning and I'm usually a little groggy but I try to push myself. I get what I need ready in the morning despite the fog but I am not a morning person at all. It takes me a while to get alert for sure. I sometimes end up spending a half hour in bed before I get up unless there is something I need to do.

10. When I was talking about my recent diagnosis of borderline personality disorder with my friend and asking questions if I had done certain behaviors in the past he kept on missing the point seeing it as a way to beat up on myself. I was just trying to get a more accurate picture and confirm if my own speculations were correct but he just looked at it as me moping. 

11. It doesn't take me long to figure out as I hate wasting my time. I do tend to discuss with others a choice before I make it to make sure my emotions aren't blinding me and lending a false impression. I usually will try to discuss an issue with the person it affects as soon as possible as I don't like there being a miserable situation for long. I'm not sure how often I change my mind. I have a lot of indecision but usually when I make a decision I stick to it. I adapt to changes either way fairly quickly. I tend to feel like changes were because I chose them.

12. 25, woman and united statesYep! That has been what I've gone with myself. 

You are really great at thisIm an ISFP and i think esfps are just peachy Hmm.. how to describe Fi...

Fi is a feeling of right and wrong about the world. A healthy Fi user is able to sense grey and handle conflicting feelings. An unhealthy one will split the world into black and white based upon what their emotions tell them.

It is very much tied to emotion as it asks "how do I feel about this". 

Compared to Fe which asks "how might others feel about this situation"

Let's take an example with helping a homeless person. An Fe person might look at how it is painful for the homeless person or how society is benefited by helping others. Fi instead does it because it feels right to do.  It is that you have your own values and they tell you to help the person.

Since Fi deals with what personally feels right and wrong it also shapes identity. An Fi user tends to stand out due to their selection of what feels right for them. Their identity is of genuine expression as possible, capturing their emotions and values.

Fi users don't seem to care for people who fake things in order to fit in. They see that as betraying your inner compass and that you aren't in tune with what is important to you. This leads to complaints of being "fake".

You can spot an Fi person because they tend to be very moralistic and wear their identity on their sleeve. I also have BPD and I can vouch for the unstable sense of self messing things up.

Things like MBTI can be difficult because it offers sterotypes that are easy to shift yourself to. Not only can you rearrange  your memories to support a certain stereotype but you might even change your behavior to match it. 

Lets say you think you are an ENTP. So you read up on the subreddit and about stereotypes of ENTPs. With an unstable sense of self you might try to match unconciously those stereotypes in order to fit in because you get scared of rejection from the group.

It is also difficult because we tend to have a chameleon effect in which we mirror the behaviors of those around us. That means behavior and perspective is unreliable.

Even now I'm conflicted between a reclusive ENFJ and ISFPI think ISFPs are great. Totally advocate for ISFP being best type : D


Being serious, one of my good friends is an ISFP as well. We get along great. Plus her art is really good.Extroverted: ESFP

Introverted: ISFJhttp://www.scottmunson.info/myers/ is a copy of the official test The matriarch Fi- She sits upon her post, ordering the other functions to do her bidding. With a single word she casts her judgements. As the queen her every emotional whim is brought to fruition. Truly she feels deeply and leads the country known as /u/vixen_lucina. She knows what is right and what is wrong. She knows what is important to the country and makes it known to all. The country bears her standards proudly, firm in her identity. It is through her that all interactions flow. She reaches out to others and feels their pain, wishing to help. Queen Fi also loves to express herself through writing and painting. Truly she is magnificent.

The Se Royal servants: While the Queen is in charge of running the country, the royal servants are the ones who end up doing all the work. They function as the eyes and ears, keeping the queen informed of all that happens. They are constantly busy and looking for new ways to entertain the queen. They make adventures happen on the fly, always looking for approval. They are practical and are kept busy with the here and now. With their effort on focusing on everything around them, they keep the queen serene and their efforts make her rulings into a reality. Truly the Queendom would be lost without her royal servants

The Ni Advisors: The country needs to have a future and can't spend all of its time in the past. The Ni advisors help develop the goals to make the country sucessful. Looking into the future, they are assured of the next step to take. Thanks to them, the country actually has plans for the future and works toward them. Truly their work is important.

The Te Librarian- Unfortunately, the budget was spent all on entertainment and given to foreign countries. So the poor librarian is supposed to look for facts and understand complex systems on a shoestring budget. She gets frustrated easily and will lash out at others with poorly constructed arguments. Some say she is overly critical and unlike the Se servants have no sense of humor. There is a rumor going around that the queen is going to increase the budget eventually but that never ends up happening.

There we go! Thank you! I love to express myself and I thought I'd make this exercise fun and show that sensors can be creative too!ISFP

logical-mathematical apparently.

Despite the fact that I've lost since high school so much math skills that I struggle with basic algebra. In high school I did go all the way up to calculus though and passed that just fine and had a pretty good math ACT score. I guess I'm just out of practice and I'm sure I could pick it up quickly.ISFP with schizoaffective disorder bipolar type, generalized anxiety disorder, ADHD and Borderline personality disorder are diagnosed and I haven't gotten the mcmi back but i'm pretty sure i have either social phobia or avoidant personality disorderThe ISFP one is surprisingly accurateScored a 21. Some borderline symptoms overlap with things on hereFeeling is tied to emotions. Value judgements are emotional judgements. It is a feeling of right and wrong rather than a reasoning.

Isfp 

That I am friendly and kind. Sometimes they compliment my outfit as I strive to look nice.Disagree. Se gives a clear picture of the moment rather than si's abstract details and Ni is great for visualizing specific imagry and symbols. Paintings are often symbolic interpretations of the artists perspective which is very ni-se

Se itself can lend itself to good spatial skills which lend themselves to art.

I am an isfp who paints and draws quite a bitI got Independence, Sensitivity and Resilience. Which I would say is pretty accurate.Jennifer Aniston


    Above average on Openness.
    Extremely low on Conscientiousness.
    Average on Extroversion.
    High on Agreeableness.
    High on Neuroticism.


Fairly close to the big 5 test I took. I got higher on openness, average on agreeableness and a little lower on extroversion. Plus my neuroticism is maxed out usually.I used to get 30/31 but this time i got 28. Which isn't bad.

I struggle a bit with cognitive empathy but I have good affective empathy I knowDisagree about Ni. Ne is more lack of focus while Ni focuses on specific patterns and symbols.

Your description is a great description for Ne though.

INTJ and INFJ are notorious for their obsessionsWell Ni doesn't pay much attention to physical details. IT relies on Se to get its information and the further Se is down the stack the less focused they are on what is in front of them.

However, Ni is focused in its ideas. It latches onto an idea and fleshes it out. It is unfocused about the physical world but focused in their abstract world.

In writing is where my Ni shows up the most. My stories are missing the small details about the world but instead has a focused story line and fleshed out characters. The work goes into the abstract, the plot and themes. I use a lot of symbolism. Unlike the many possibilities of Ne it is focused on a specific possibility. 


Furthermore, Ne looks at all the possible ways an event could unfold while Ni focuses on a specific future and the efforts to realize that specific future. 

Ni doesn't look at multiple possibilities unlike Ne. It has a vision and tries to focus that vision onto the world to make it happen with their Se.

Infjs and intjs like to create a vision but often times don't put the actions into place to realize it. Enfj and entj also have a vision that they are trying to achieve but they have better access to Se and a dominant judging function that lets them have more action.

ISXP has a goal in mind and work towards that goal. ISFPs in particular have a view of how they want the world to be and what their values are and enforce it in the world with their Se

Ni in ESFP is repressed like Se in INFJ. ESFPs are so focused on the present that they can end up seeming aimless and impulsiveWhen people speak of intuitive bias often times they are referring to the test and demographics. While most here see that as flawed, I don't see that as the real intuitive bias.

The real bias is that the perception of intuitives vs sensors are extremely biased. Intuitives are often seen as the smart version, as the imaginative and as the creative. It makes sensors seem dull and unimaginative. I even suspect that people label others they don't like as sensors while giving intuitive labels to those they do like.

I have seen this in comments by intuitives saying that sensors and intuitives can't get along and speak different languages. As a sensor I call bullshit to it. I get along with my intuitive friends perfectly and hold conversation that they find interesting. I have had zero communication problems and no problems getting along.

But I see comments about ESTPs being jerks and ESFP being super annoying while ENTPs are nearly worshiped and ENFPs are seen as lovable. ENFJs are praised for their caring about others but ESFJs are relegated to mom status. I theorize that some of the people who are being labeled sensors are intuitives that people don't like. 

Not everyone does this of course, but when it does show up it makes sensors seem kinda unwelcome.

It also doesn't help that there are so few resources for sensors in the community. I feel like more people would identify as sensors if there was good explanations for Se and Si. I don't really understand ISFP that well because there is so little discussion on it.

Overall, when you are typed as a sensor you either have to spend time refuting sterotypes and showing that your type is interesting too and having little discussion that is relevant to your type. It pushes sensors away from MBTI more than anything.  I don't think it is really true that sensors find mbti less interesting on its own. After all, it is a way to self discovery and can be put to practical use. In fact, I don't even think it is necessarily true that sensors don't enjoy engaging in theoretical discussions.

In fact, I find as a sensor I enjoy it quite a bit because I can offer a differing point of view and call out bullshit. Intuitives are said to see things from multiple perspectives so a sensor perspective should be desired as it brings a more complete picture. If anything, look at the sensors who show up on this subreddit. They put very valuable input into the community. I use them as proof that the idea that sensors wouldn't be interested in theoretical things to be false.

So yeah. I don't think sensors necessarily are more tired of mbti itself but more the communities. Ever since I've been typed as sensor I've felt less zeal about contributing. Sensors don't have active subreddits to keep interested and form community. We aren't discussed as much and so I just feel left out. I exaggerated a bit with ENTP. I've just seen more favorable views in posts about then than ESTPs. I've seen people suggest to ENTPs that they don't like that they must be ESTPs a few rare times.

INTP does have some bad sterotypes sure. Same with ENTJ. I just observe a lot more praise for them than ESTJs and ISTPs. 

I was more frustrated with other things in life when i wrote it but my point is that INTPs and ENTPs are looked more favorably than their Se counterparts. ENTJs are seen a heck of a lot better than ESTJs.

You are right. ENTPs aren't praised in general but I've just had a few threads stuck in my memory where there was some praise.Well a greater understanding of the types would be useful. I think better discussion of Se and Si can help intuitives understand themselves better as well. Seeing proficient use can be used for a path to growth for intuitives. If your only exposure is through weak use it is hard to improve.

I'd like a better understanding of what an ISFP or ISTP is and describing them. I think quite a few sensors actually type themselves as intuitives in communities because the profiles and information is so poor.

It would also give better understanding of the theory and change up the topics a bit so it doesn't get as staleWas it always this way? I like to theorycraft and there used to be quite a few discussions involving that but now I rarely see any of it done. I agree with the low effort.

Now i look at the sub and I can barely find anything i want to post inAlright. So Se is a perceptual function or in other words a data collection. Se is the collection of enviornmental (physical) data through interaction with the world. Whereas Si is about quantifying the subjective experience of objects, Se is concerned with the object itself. Si looks through depth of experience while Se is much more shallow and observing of the immediate details.

A contrast from Ne to Se is that Ne looks beyond the object itself and generates ideas as tangents and possibilities. Se directly observes an object and its mechanics.

What this means is that I learn through direct interaction. I have to be doing something to gain from it. I however have a dominant Fi. What this means is that I bring my values into my interactions with the environment. Thus because of the direct interaction I try to enforce my values upon the surrounding world and shape the world according to it.

Because Se is an interaction function it happens to have a high environmental awareness as a consequence.  Due to this interaction many Se users develop good kinetic and spatial skills. In order to perceive and interact it must be in the moment. Si reflects while Se interacts.

The information we learn from our interactions we piece together with Ni to create a worldview and idea.

Another difference is that Se users require direct proof. They need the interaction and thus are demanding of factual information over theoretical. They are concerned with the provable that can be reproduced through their actions. Things that can't be proven or studied directly are not as interesting. Thus tolerance for theory is based upon its ability to be applied.

That is my guess and shows that there is a lot more depth to sensing functions than is usually given to it.I'd like to expand upon this with what intuition means to sensing types.


Ne in an unbalanced SJ presents itself as narrowmindedness and a lack of breadth. They might get obsessed with the familiar and be ridged with their views. They might miss alternative explanations for experience. Ridged traditions might be formed due to these lack of alternative explanations. 

Ne in a balanced SJ is able to take Si's detailed patterns and expand them to discover larger trends. It allows them to take the familiar details that surround them and all the information gathered and apply it to new situations. They are open to alternative interpretations and explores multiple perspectives. 


If an SJ overvalues their Ne they begin to lose focus. They might start catastrophizing as they see possibilities. They impulsively try new things and forget who they are and what they like. They might have an identity crisis as they lose track of the familiar. Sensible traditions might be discarded.

That is my guess for Si-Ne anyhow. I'm not an Si-Ne so if any SJ could fill in that would be great.

Intuition in SPs is the ability to form goals.

In an extreme devaluing SP a lack of Ni lends them to aimlessness. Without a vision of what might be they get stuck in the present. Se users become impulsive and short-sighted. Everything that is learned from the interactions with the world around them has a lack of meaning.



Ni in a balanced SP is shown by developing goals and piecing together what they learn in their environmental actions into a larger worldview. They are able to connect their experiences together and form patterns from it. 

When Ni is overvalued, SPs lose their drive to experience. They might become anxious and depressed over a specific future. SPs will withdraw and stop experiencing the world. They might overanalyze experiences and become paranoid. Special meaning might be assigned to coincidences and in some cases might become superstitious.  Yeah. Drama is more narcissisit , histrionic or borderline. Well of course the SP stuff is correct. I am a SP and so I have some good insight it.  I was a little wary of the SJ stuff as I'm not an SJ. I thought I was for a while but I've come to the realization that I fit pretty well into Se rather than Si after getting back on my medication. I am an enneagram 9 so it makes sense.

I listed traditions because Si traditions are more routine activities done to comfort the individual. They may not be long standing at all and some may reject societal traditions. People get confused with the traditions and think they are conservative or old fashioned but SJs can be very progressive and reject common values.


I listed overvalued because overvaluing a teritary or inferior function means suppressing their dominant perception and judging functions. This means that the person is not playing to their strengths and their general structure. Some people like to take pride in their tertiary use but I find when you do so you betray the core of yourself.

Of course, if you lose touch of your tertiary and inferior you go to extremes and become dysfunctional. Fi users need some Te to organize their values. Fe users need their Ti to make sure their values are consistent. 

Well when it comes to Se types, they are able to hold a conversation about normally intuitive topics but when it comes down to it they want to be DOING something rather than endless chatter. As an SP I want to play a game or work on something together. I sometimes with my INFP friend do silly roleplays. I love the acting and she loves the creative improv. Or I sit down and work on our writing. I'm happy to get the writing down and she likes discussing potential ideas that I will flesh out for her. Just talking I get bored. Talking while doing something works well and combines the interest of both parties.


Si users are more willing to engage in just chatter but they prefer to talk about applicable things. If it doesn't have purpose then they probably won't care as much. They might discuss little factoids they picked up and will be interested in talking about little experiences they had. If you can relate theory to explain an experience they will gladly discuss it with you. You just have to make ideas relevant to them. Once it gains relevance they will probably be eager to learn.

I don't think intuitives and sensors on a fundamental level communicate differently. It is just what is engaging.
 Things I notice. 

1. You live in the moment. Your post oozes Se. You are open to change but you aren't particularly focused on the many possibilities. More go with the flow. You make one reference to a previous experience but in general you don't spend a lot of time reflecting. When dealing with an object you notice the object itself rather than themes. For example I immediately think about music and perhaps the headphones signify the digital shift music has taken. Instead of an instrument to accompany the sheet music it is instead held to the headphones. The music is behind glass, signifying its preservation rather than active use. 

2. In general you seem a little accommodating and your values do seem important to you. I don't see much of an impersonal evaluation. I see that when you are interacting with others, what you believe is important. It matters if someone is an asshole according to your world view. IT matters how much you respect someone. When one-on-one you are genuine. You also seem to relate things about how they are personally important. I think it speaks to Fi

3. In the situation of a disaster you focused on a specific situation. It doesn't seem very Ne to do so and nothing in your post really concerns itself with multiple possibilities.  IT seems more Ni. I don't see the freaking about what could be going wrong that an SJ might do or the calm I'm prepared for anything and here are a few ways I might do it of an NP.

4. certainly extroverted and with all the Se I'd put you as.....


ESFP. 


Second opinion: If I had to go with anything else I'd go ENFJ. I think you are more Fi than Fe but I definitely see Se-Ni axis. I still dont see a lot of ni usage either 

ESTP is a maybe. I still think you are more of a feeler.

I really really really would be surprised if you were an SJ or NP. I just don't get that read from you.One thing I note in their post is the constant attention to people. To me that really doesn't fit with a TP. TPs would spend more time on the events and less time caring about people. There is just a whole lot about how they ***feel*** about different things.

For one thing, they tend to sort people into types. That to me speaks more to Fi as Fe likes to think that people are cut from the same cloth.

For another they avoid conflict not because they want harmony but because it makes them personally uncomfortable. It isn't about the group feeling, it is about how the individual feels. There is a hesitancy in discussing core beliefs but a willingness to argue on less things. Note the argument, not the debate. They have already taken a side and arguing something they believe. There is again no attempts to come to a group consensus or compromise.

Another thing is that they want to resolve conflicts in private. Fe users tend to deal with conflict as it happens. Fi users don't want others to be involved. 

To me, Se and feeler either means ENFJ or ESFP. I just see way too much Se and too little Ni to support ENFJ. In fact, the lack of hunches and in general the viewing of an object itself over its meaning puts severe doubt on ENFJ.

I just don't see thinker traits and so I use deduction to narrow it down.

When I type it is about nailing down the dominant function and then finding the attitude. Thus it becomes a logical manner and finding what is a possibility that is consistent with the logical analysis.

The things that don't fit in logically is Ne. I don't see Ne in anywhere and I don't necessarily see Si either. That nails down that axis.

Only one axis is left and that is Fi-Te and Fe-Ti. With all of the mention of other people and their consideration I don't see a socially anxious Ti user. In general ESTPs would be mentioning the kind of activities they want to do. I see mentions of people and their relationships. Which means either Fe-Ti or Fi-Te.

I don't see any evidence of Ti really at all. So that would mean either Ti is inferior or they dont' have it. Which leaves Fe dom- Ti inferior, which matches ENFJ or Se dom, Fi aux. Which considering how much Se there is and how there is only a little bit of Ni I really really point towards ESFPIt still is what is used to set goals but in a teritary it lends itself to ideal visions. ISFPs have visions of how they want the world. ISTPs might have a vision of what they want to create. Then their Se puts it into action to make it a reality.


As an ISFP (I think) I have a picture of what I think of what would be an ideal future based upon my values. Then I use my Se to live genuinely through my ideals to help make that future a reality. I advocate and try to help in the moment. Unlike a INFP who spends their time with hypotheticals and visions of different possibilities, I focus on a single one and furthermore I focus on what actions I can take NOW. I focus on practical steps I can take and what actions I can do realistically. 

Now this is just speculation as I'm not an ISTP.

Ni in an ISTP might focus on something they want to build or create. Then they use their practical knowledge gained from experience of their Se and combine it with Ti's ability to understand how things work to create what they imagine.

My guess is that ISTP are inventors while INTP are innovators. ISTP have a vision of something.

It also gives a long term goal to work towards. Si dom is a perception dominant.

Si looks for patterns and is physical detailed orientated


Ni doms are detached from the physical world as their se is inferior.

Batman from dark knight doesny seem se inferior. Id say either istp or istj. Istj is more likely because he has a hard time moving forward from the past Fe&gt;Ni&gt;Ti&gt;Se&gt;Si&gt;Te&gt;Fi&gt;Ne

According to this I'm an ENFJ?

That is werid. Though I've certainly considered that I'm a withdrawn ENFJ rather than an ISFPISFP

Why? They have the strong personal ideals of Fi combined with the action oriented Se and a vision by their teritary Ni.

Much of the hero trope is ISFP and so would be the villains as it is strong ideals and a thirst for action on both sides.

ISFPs and ESFPs enforce their values onto the world in one way or another. ESFP is less likely because they may have the Te to plan better but not the vision. 

1. A lot of fantasizing. Sometimes a story idea or a hypothetical where something happened to me. I like to imagine if I had some special power or if I was a billionaire. I also fantasize about saving the world and sometimes as a martyr. Or maybe living in some fantasy world. I flesh the plot of my writing while I walk. I also hold opinions of people that are unsavory to me inside because expressing them would create conflict. I like to imagine the world as I want it to be and then work on making that vision a reality.

2. A good time with friends where I can joke around. Sometimes I get excited if we discuss our writing. I also get excited if I am getting a chance to have a nice meal as i don't get to have that very often. It is actually somewhat hard to make me excited but when I do I'm over the topI avoid conflict because I don't like being criticized and because it makes me feel awful. I don't like the emotions that go on during a conflict. I'm too scared people will leave me if I create conflict and I'm desperate not to have people leave me. I also enjoy a more relaxed situation an conflict messes with that. I will start conflict though if someone tries to abandon me or starts to criticize me.

I would like to have the world be a more accepting place for those who aren't the majority. I would also like it if social welfare was good enough that nobody has to suffer. The world would be a lot better if people put their biases aside and see that we are all just people. Treat each other with respect. I also have a vision of myself helping people as a social worker and easing the pain of others. I wish pain could be taken away for everyone, but I realize that is unrealistic. So I take classes to become a social worker to make at least someone's life better. I think it is plausible for these things to pass. Even though one has to imagine a restructuring of the economy in order to accommodate those who aren't well off so they have things like healthy food, transportation, entertainment options and heath care. I think it is possible to create a world where mental and physical health are treated with preventative care. 

I mean my perfect world would be one where everyone helps each other, respects one another and treats each other with dignity. A perfect world would have no pain. In an imagined world I see that everyone has the ability to live their lives to the fullest. I also want to see the natural world is preserved like national parks are today. Global warming I think can be mitigated and protect all life on earth. A chance to savor the beauty of earth.

I think the biggest difference is the scope of change. In reality not much I can do can really fix it. I might be able to help a few lives and treat others with dignity, but I can't exactly rewrite the economy or make everyone get along.

I am a very moralistic person. I try to see grey but too often I see people as good or bad. I try to live life according to the ideals I think are best. My hope is that by treating others well they will pass it on. By being honest others will hopefully be too. My ideals are empathy, honesty, respect and equality.  As a social worker student I'm expected to be interested in social justice to ease unfairness in the system. I also try to serve others and help when I can. Of course after I help myself.

Does that answer your question?
First off..

C. I didn't mean distributed equally. Just that those at the bottom don't have to suffer. Basic income is a good way to go about this. Pure equal distribution is unrealistic.

D. As it stands many people who could be making great contributions end up struggling with poverty or health issues and are unable to contribute because of that. By giving every person opportunity there will be a greater diversity of thought to contribute to a better understanding.

What I want is resources distributed fairly. Less of a gap between the top and the bottom as I believe that is halting progress because the limited resources are being horded. 


As for the black and white... it is a symptom of borderline personality disorder. On the surface I know that people are more complicated than that but in order to protect myself from harm I use the defense mechanism of splitting. In general if someone is mistreating others or myself I won't like them. If they are overly selfish or dishonest I don't like that either.

I know negative behavior is highly dependent of environment and even genetics due to temperament. People act out for various reasons like a poor childhood, overly stressed, a mental illness or just circumstances. Most of the time I'm okay with that and see people in grey.

It all comes down to people causing me or another person harm and it is easy to rationalize the harm by judging them as bad. Thus the anger I feel is more justified and it doesn't hurt as much. Getting hurt by someone you love is a terrifying experience that leaves you broken. Getting hurt by someone you hate you can just shrug off.

I'm trying to learn to reverse this and see the world in less black and white terms. It is part of dealing with an illness and getting back to a healthy state of mind. If I didn't have bpd I probably would not do this and when the traits are dormant I don't do it. When I'm more healthy and myself I see people as complex and that behavior has many sources. Thus you can't stereotype someone as you don't know everything that is going on in their life. If granted all those assumptions, then it would be unwise to distribute equally as halting progress would be harmful to all. Thus with those assumptions it is true that equal distribution would be the wrong path.  There are other assumptions in the statements but if you held them all to be true then the way to increase quality of life is to allocate resources in a way that would support progress.

I think there should be aid sent to less fortunate societies but in general there shouldn't be regression. Then there would be pressure on less fortunate societies to adopt policies that would make them better off. There needs to be some compromise for the good of humanity (e.g. the top of society who have an excess of resources that aren't being put into use) but that is just dealing with efficiency. It is inefficient to have resources horded and not put into use. Efficient use of resources can increase the standard of life for all and can give some extra to help places that are not well off.

So I would rather there not be a regression as if it spreads then eventually it will cover everyone. Advancements can make more efficient use of resources and transfer to resources that are abundant. Thus allowing a higher global standard. Your thought process piques my curiosity.  Ive considered NFJ for a while.The Ti part makes sense. I was once told by an INTP that I might be an INTP because of how I responded. I manged to blend into /r/entp for months and when I changed from entp some were surprised and thought it was a joke.

I was looking into ennegram and I can't decide between type four and five. One quote from 4 overview I could really recognize with.

&gt; Nevertheless, Fours often report that they feel they are missing something in themselves, although they may have difficulty identifying exactly what that “something” is. Is it will power? Social ease? Self-confidence? Emotional tranquility?—all of which they see in others, seemingly in abundance. Given time and sufficient perspective, Fours generally recognize that they are unsure about aspects of their self-image—their personality or ego-structure itself. They feel that they lack a clear and stable identity, particularly a social persona that they feel comfortable with. [[1]](https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-4/)

Especially when it comes to level 7-9 which i seem to go between. I'm not a healthy person

At the same time I recognize with [type 5 sx](http://personalitycafe.com/head-triad-types-5-6-7/220953-sexual-fives-according-beatrice-chestnut.html)

And when looking at [this page](https://enneagram-institute.squarespace.com/misidentifying-4-and-5) I can see more in the 4 even though I have the emptiness and meaningfulness.Well if ISFPs are the devil it is time to sharpen my pitchfork and tend to the fires : DWell ISFPs are basically the reverse order of the shadow of INTP.

Shadow of INTP is Te-Ni-Se-Fi or ENTJ. The reverse order is ISFP.

So in other words.. they are about as opposite to INTP as you can get.

I actually don't know my type. OP says INFJ but i just wanted to joke about the ISFP stuff as I did identify as that for a while.Either INFJ or ISFP. Probably INFJ

1. I don't do the doorslam. I'm too dependent and scared of being alone to do something like that. Only when I'm sure that someone is going to leave me do I leave them.

2. I'm not organized at all. Socially I do categorize people based on my relationship but I'm terrible at organization (i blame adhd)

3. I'm non-religious. I am not even spiritual. 

4. I may seem extremely nice to an outside lens but i'm actually highly manipulative and internally judgemental. 

5. I don't care about your drama. Take it somewhere else

6. I'm a recluse.  I still want to be a clinical social worker but I don't speak to people muchWhat about their teritary Ni combined with Fi? ISFPs should in theory be good at visualizing specific imagery. Fi loves to express and using  Ni to do so would make them fairly good at it.

I just find artistic desire to be more correlated with Fi/Fe and especially with introverts. 

Ni/Ne/Si/Se all demonstrate *how* they express themselves. Feelers in general just need some form of self expression.So according to you because I draw, paint and write poetry and short stories I can't be an ISFP?34%
INFJ

27%
INFP

9%
ENFP

7%
INTJ

6%
ENFJ

Im  confused that isfp wasnt even on there
Geez. I got 21 so that puts me above the average there.I'm not very authentic.  My behavior changes drastically depending on who I am with and I can act like an entirely different person to fit in. I suppress my inner opinions to fit in.

So I guess I'm inauthentic and it doesn't particularily mean a lot to me.[Here you go! Nothing to sign up for](http://vistriai.com/psychopathtest/)I had a best friend I was attracted to. I undermined her relationship and convinced her to cheat. It was highly manipulative. Then when she didn't love me back after cheating I falsely accused her of abuse to her friends and then ratted her out to her boyfriend to ruin her relationship. Then I left her and never talked to her again.

I also got into alcohol and nearly became an alcoholic. I certainly abused it.
I don't know my type really. I've typed myself as an ISFP but other people type me as an INFJ but i consider a withdrawn ENFJYeah I do have BPD traits. Including the unstable sense of self which means I have unpredictable behavior.

So I probably don't have a type as MBTI assumes a stable sense of self.

Wish there was custom flair like there used to be.I'm trying to be better. 

In the moment my emotions were so powerful that I really believed I was abused. Feelings overwrote facts. I was afraid that since she stuck to her boyfriend and said to keep things a secret that she was going to leave me to save her relationship. So I felt taken advantage of. I lost touch with reality in fear of abandonment.

It doesn't excuse what I did. What I did was terrible. I'm trying to get into Dialectical Behavior Therapy to get skills to make sure things like that don't happen again. Until then I've sworn off relationships. I need to manage my emotions and fears.

She tried to contact me again recently to be friends again. I apologized to her and said I could not be her friend. That I would just take advantage of her and that isn't fair to her. It was hard as I barely have friends in the first place.

I regret what I've done. I'm not a sociopath or a narcissist. I'm trying to make sure it never happens again.
That sounds like typical borderline behavior.

Abandonment for me triggers splitting. It hurts less that they are going to leave you (whether or not that is real or imaginary) if they are a bad person.  I'll admit to being verbally abusive to friends who have given me cues to think they abandoned me. It always feels justified in the moment.

Splitting is just a defense mechanism. It is the consequence of fears of abandonment with lack of emotional permanence.

In other words, people with Borderline have a difficult time feeling loved because they struggle to recreate feelings when the trigger for the feelings is removed. When you are around someone it is easy to feel loved, but when  you are home alone something is broken and you can't recreate those feelings. 

In a relationship this ends up with a feeling that the person you are with doesn't love you anymore. Without reassurance it is easy to think that the other person doesn't love you anymore. Thus when for some reason or another that reassurance isn't given (as usually it is impossible to sate) it feels in the moment like they are abandoning you. Thus, this person you loved and see as a wonderful person is doing something terrible to you. That is why there are accusations of things like cheating because according to those feelings the person you love doesn't love you anymore.

It is all irrational. I remember when I was dating a guy at 18 breaking down and crying in the shower because I thought my boyfriend was going to leave me and that he didn't love me. It happened multiple times despite zero evidence. Then when I finally left him before he could leave me my image of him became completely negative. It was a defense to protect myself from the feelings I still held that hurt. It was easier to get over him if he had been terrible to me than if the relationship was good.

I don't do the verbal abuse usually. I have yelled at friends a few times for perception of abandonment and I feel bad about that. But I'm usually not verbally abusive and have been described by others as being a friendly and kind person most of the time.

But she did the right thing breaking up. Just because someone has a mental illness doesn't excuse them from responsibility. An abusive relationship is not acceptable. I try to be an honest person at any chance possible. I'm glad you appreciated itI scored high on it because a lot of stuff overlaps with borderline traits.Promiscuity, unstable life goals, chronic boredom, difficulty with emotional attachment, irresponsibility, low conscientiousness, thrill seeking behavior and impatience.

Though... at the same time on the mcmi I was just barely below having traits of AsPD.Yeah. Low emotional regulation and low impulse control. Only psychopathy has shallow emotions while I have extreme emotions.

Though because of schizophrenia I have difficulties expressing emotions I'm super reserved because I also have schizoaffective disorder and avoidant personality traits. I think INFP actually makes the most sense out of anything.

It is what almost all the tests type me as consistantly. 

The only reason to look at ISFP was the impulsivity and thrill seeking behavior for Se. Considering I have poor awareness of my environment and little desire for hands on learning Se is a bit in doubt. I'm more procrastinating than action oriented.

Otherwise I've found many INFPs relatableI agree. INFP is close enough. Thank you for your inputNot surprising I scored really low. The Millon Clinical Multiaxial Inventory puts my score of narcissism at close to zero. 


I got 4 as well. Just because I'm admittedly manipulativeI think [this will do something](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/08/07/opinion/sunday/do-your-friends-actually-like-you.html). It could be any one of them.


Oh and you arent unique at all. In actuality you will be forgotten ISFP

2.6 idealism and 4.2 relativism 

Subjectivism fits me pretty well. I am fairly pragmatic I get 3.5 to 4.0 in my classes. Especially psychology classes which is a lot of abstract theories. 

I dont think type is linked to performance. Just preference. In fact, the ability to abstract and performance in academics is more linked to iq.What makes you say INFJ over INFP or ISFJ?I'm an introvert because I have poor enthusiasm and assertiveness.

Check out [this article that show what introversion and extroversion is.](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/beautiful-minds/will-the-real-introverts-please-stand-up/) I scored a 2.05


I actually took the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory and at the time I was a lot more social than I am now. Even then I scored a 70 I think on it which is 5 points away from extreme withdrawal and very strongly in socially introverted.

In fact, here is an i[pip-neo result](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8v0dgytK4wReG1tZDBHMTJvZDA/view?usp=sharing)


I'm a quiet person. I don't speak much. I don't experience a lot of positive emotion. I don't "recharge alone" or "get drained by people". I don't particularly enjoy being alone. It is just my preference. I rarely see people. I have very few friends and I don't see them that often. I'm very asocial. And it doesn't really bother me when I get down to it that I don't want to be around people.

I don't necessarily feel bad that I don't have many friends and don't interact with others much. I feel no need to.

I don't particularly care for interaction. I don't enjoy it. I get irritated fast. I would much prefer just having another person around and doing my own thing. Playing with my phone or something like that. I get anxious if i have to interact with people for extended periods of time.

 I get lonely and I want to be around others but that doesn't mean interacting with them. I get my social needs fulfilled by sitting quietly in a discord call occasionally with another introverted friend. We don't talk a lot but the background noise gets rid of lonliness.

I'm distant. I'm also submissive.

I am disabled so I don't work. This means that the interaction others get at a work place I don't have. 



I also have schizoaffective disorder and asociality is a symptom.As someone with borderline personality disorder traits.. not everyone has a sense of selfBinge eat, spending or drinking 

Type: people call me an infj. Im not sure myself Moving goalposts. But even that isn't constant for me.

When dissociating I lose the sense of self completely and my own body seems alien and the world around me seems alien. depersonalization i've experienced. 

Furthermore, I also have schizoaffective disorder which is considered a [self-disorder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-disorder) and messes with basic self like you are talking with.

As for borderline criteria...

 identity disturbance: markedly and persistently unstable self-image or sense of self.
You are moving goal posts because that was entirely not what OP is talking about. I argue that based on OP's premise that I have difficulties with sense of self. So in order to not be wrong you redefined it to something that I've never seen referred to as sense of self.

Sense of self is split into narrative self, which is someone's identity and basic self is if your experiences belong to you. 

Everything about you feels alien because you don't recognize your own self as existing. If you as an entity existed than you would have a consistent body. 

I use to refer to sense of self the DSM-V which states borderline has an unstable sense of self and the page on self-disorder which says schizo spectrum has a disturbed basic self.

What you might be referring to is self-consciousness. Yes all adults are able to recognize in the mirror (well usually) that they are the person who exists.Yes. It is the perspective is of a third person camera. It hasn't happened to me for a long while.

The self is unreal. Others call me an N but I swear I'm an S because I don't really go for abstraction very much. I like things that are useful to me. I find theories neat but I would rather deal with something I can implement.

I enjoy psychology classes which I guess you could call abstract but my degree focus is in social work which has a lot more practical application. I want to be a clinical social worker and to provide psychotherapy. Psychotherapy does require quite a bit of theory work which I have no problem learning.



I mean my favorite classes have been philosophy, ethics and psychology. I like to think those aren't just the domain of intuitives and that sensors can enjoy those subjects just as well.

I type myself as sensor because when it comes down to it I much prefer practical implementation of theory to study of theory that has no application.

I focus on what is useful to me and my life. If it is applicable to the field i want to go into or my life then I'm all ears. If it is something I'm never going to use i'm going to wish I was learning something applicable.

As for where I live, I have a lot of long term goals and work towards those but I live mostly in the moment as that is the most important. I have a plan for how I want my life to unfold but I mostly focus on what I can control in the moment and what steps I can take right now. I spend the majority of my time dealing with the present and current challenges rather than what *might* happen. I think that is a more sensor view.

I'll admit I also want to be an S because sensors are the minority on mbti stuff and I like having a different perspective than others.I didnt claim Fi here. Only that im a sensor. Im pretty sure ISFJ now.

This is what my socionics result is http://i.imgur.com/8tR8Dzf.png and I test on the official test as ISFP which i blame the P on low conscientiousness. 

I used to be typed ESFJ on the forums The best is both practical and brilliant. I would prefer practical with a lot of common sense as the person would be less likely to make critical mistakes.

Im confused. Multiple people call me infj and others Fi user. I dont know what to think I'll quote an earlier post I did on this

In an extreme devaluing of Ni in an SP lends them to aimlessness. Without a vision of what might be they get stuck in the present. Se users become impulsive and short-sighted. Everything that is learned from the interactions with the world around them has a lack of meaning.

Ni in a balanced SP is shown by developing goals and piecing together what they learn in their environmental actions into a larger worldview. They are able to connect their experiences together and form patterns from it.

When Ni is overvalued, SPs lose their drive to experience. They might become anxious and depressed over a specific future. SPs will withdraw and stop experiencing the world. They might overanalyze experiences and become paranoid. Special meaning might be assigned to coincidences and in some cases might become superstitious. 

Iin a teritary it lends itself to ideal visions. ISFPs have visions of how they want the world. ISTPs might have a vision of what they want to create. Then their Se puts it into action to make it a reality.

As an ISFP  I have a picture of what I think of what would be an ideal future based upon my values. Then I use my Se to live genuinely through my ideals to help make that future a reality. I advocate and try to help in the moment. Unlike a INFP who spends their time with hypotheticals and visions of different possibilities, I focus on a single one and furthermore I focus on what actions I can take NOW. I focus on practical steps I can take and what actions I can do realistically.

Now this is just speculation as I'm not an ISTP.

Ni in an ISTP might focus on something they want to build or create. Then they use their practical knowledge gained from experience of their Se and combine it with Ti's ability to understand how things work to create what they imagine.

edit: why am I being downvoted?
In typing threads I'm always given high Fi. Only two people have ever seen Fe. The vast majority see very strong Fi. Even Peppermint typed me as an ISFP.

My only options are INFP and ISFP and I see myself as a sensor and not an intuitive.

The reason why I doubt my type ever is because of mental illness. It is part of my mental illness that I have an unstable sense of self, not because of my type. 

Some examples of being typed as a high Fi

[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/54g2tb/whats_the_worst_thing_youve_ever_done/d822o6v)

[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4yj2c0/get_typed_here/d6o6blp?context=10000)

[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/57bgoo/does_anyone_else_test_as_a_sensor_on_the_official/d8rf21b?context=3)

[This one puts me as INFP but still very high Fi](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4mo2av/help_with_typing/)

Furthermore, the people in a bipolar chat I am part of typed me as ISFP and they have talked to me for quite a while

I get it. You don't want me to be your type because i'm different and unsavory. But the only types that fit me are INFP or ISFP and I'm too action oriented and in the moment to be an INFPThat ISFP is completely fitting for me. It annoys others when I make these assumptions when I'm wrong but I'm usually rightI do see a psychiatrist and a therapist. The problem is that the specialized therapy to treat the personality disorder  (borderline personality disorder) is not available to me and my therapist is uncomfortable to work with itBut now I am confused. A lot of people say they see a lot of Fi from me. I couldn't be an infj because of that Fi. 

But yet im confused. When I had my profile as esfj nobody said I wad Fi. In fact when I changed to intp they were surprised as they said the Fe is obvious 

I mean I am very accomodating, expressive (well I am as long as blunted affect isnt bothering me) and try to align with the views of others. 

Im also very highly introspective with strong values that I don't always bring into the forefront.

I really don't know if I am Fi or Fe. Are you inplying that I am Ni? It doesnt help that I am a complete pushover with a low self esteem. I just want acceptance and if I identify as an Fi type some people tell me I'm Fe and of I go with Fe then others strongly proclaim I'm Fi. I dont know who to listen to and I just dont like being criticized so muchCertainly the subjective nature of Fi has been a cognitive dissonance for me. I often make judgements of good/bad and right/wrong. I've gotten into an argument with my sister when I said I had a hard time relating to any of the cast of orange is the new black because they are bad people. My sister went off on a rant on how you couldn't judge people as good or bad.

In fact, I have a bias where I judge someone as "good" and thus when they do bad things I excuse it away until it gets so overwhelming that I switch them into bad. 

I do think the objective nature of extroverted judging functions more fit my nature.

As for arguments for Fi. Well very strong emotions and a high concern about identity. I'm introspective and others have noted how I speak about myself from an internal manner.

But Fi can't be commented on without the Te axis. In of such, I  am quick to throw out objective data in an argument to support it rather than the internal logical consistency of the argument. To me, this speaks of more of a Te behavior. 

high Fi- low Te behavior is characterized by blind support of values through factual appeals. The problem is that FPs in their use of Te fail to check the accuracy of their factual appeals and just assumes that because they have evidence that makes a good argument. Often times this evidence for their arguments can be disjointed and irrelevant because they just want something that backs up their value based arguments.

Of this I have to ponder if such behavior is a standard for me. While I do tend to use a lot of factual links within an argument, I tend to check deeply into whether it is consistent with my overall argument. If the evidence doesn't line up with my argument I consider changing my argument to be more consistent. 

The question is if this is Fi-Te or Fe-Ti. I'm not really sure.

As for detail for Fe.. for one the objective judgements that I make.  That is contrary to the subjective manner of Fi and are emotionally made rather than logically made in the case of Te. Fi users often come across as cold while i'm a very warm person. When I'm able to I'm expressive of my emotion anyhow. I also tend to be oriented towards the needs of others over the needs of my own. To the point that I sometimes forget to take care of my own needs. Of course, this is not necessarily indicative of Fe but more of highly accommodating people.

One possible sign is high reactivity to outside emotional stimulation. I am highly sensitive to the moods of others and if an environment is too negative I will separate myself from it. I have to surround myself with positive environmental influences. This is just guessing but I theorize that extroverted feeling is highly influenced by the environment while introverted feeling is highly influenced by the internal self.

Of course, this has to come paired with Ti.

One thing I do make sure of is that my values are logically consistent with one another. If I believe in this stance, does it contrast with my belief elsewhere? Should I examine both beliefs and resolve the logical dissonance? I can be cautious of letting new information in as it has to fit inside the worldview I've built up.

That being said, I see a lot of INFJs flaunt their logical skills. While I admit I'm pretty good at calculation, I don't much care for working within the realm of pure logic. I don't put as much emphasis on Ti.

Futhermore, I see Ti users use less evidence in their arguments than I do. That puts some doubts as I've observed this evidence inclusive arguments more in Te users.

Anyhow, what do you think? I certainly reach for group consensus in my decisions. I often defer decisions until I have discussed them with others.

as for that quiz http://www.sociotype.com/tests/result/est/191346The major problem I have with being Fi is a lack of subjectivity. I tend to be more clear cut with right and wrong or good and bad. Most of what I look at with Fi users is a strong sense of subjective morality.

I do think that my reasoning for wanting to be a social worker is more Fi though. It is, I don't like to see others have to suffer so I will do my best to remove that pain from them. I have a direct relation through empathy.

I do things for others that are just for their own sake as well. It is hard, I have things in my own life that I could judge as Fe but I seem to be more expressive of Fi on the internet and from an outside perspective.

I've always tended towards seeking group consensus even when I'm healthy. I'm not sure what kind of behavior that is.It does help!

I think an FJ is correct and the issue comes between Si and Ni.

One thought I had was what I do under stress. Under stress I become extremely impulsive, action oriented and over-indulgent. It is why I thought I was an SP because I can become as impulsive as an ESFP. I think a major difference is that it is ***unhealthy*** in my case. Binge eating, substance abuse issues and high promiscuity. When I am healthy I don't have these issues.

Now, you could say this is signs of mental illness. As I do have a personality disorder that causes impulsive behavior as well as some extreme black and white judgements. When my emotions are in check and I'm not stressed I'm pretty responsible and keep moderation fine.

The problem I have with choosing between Si and Ni is that the it is a primary function and thus invisible to the person. It is easier for me to see Fe than Ni/Si.

I should clarify identity too. I strive to understand myself in some way because I have a highly unstable sense of self. I just want to find somewhere to fit in and like minded people. I want to know the true me because my behavior is so inconsistent depending on who I am around (borderline chameleon effect). I want to be more aware of the true self so that way I don't get lost in others.

Now what about Si? Well, I like what you say about ISFJ. Si is an internal sensation driven function. Actually a funny thing is that instead of introverted you could easily substitute internal and extroverted as external. But in recording the inner subjective sensation Si users are very self aware of their experience. 

In the end I wish there was custom flair so I could just settle on neither. I do think my planning and momentary focus does indicate more ni-se, but at the same time I'm just turned off by the INFJ label. Visiting their sub it is something I can't really relate to. Whether that is because they are mistypes or just different.

I looked into quadra and I do think the [Beta quadrant mostly fits](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Beta). I'm a bit more asocial than most people. So does[ IEI](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/IEI-INFp/). 

Especially this part

&gt;IEIs often exhibit a modest lack of attention to their surrounding physical environment. Often IEIs will place some attention to their physical comfort and physical needs, but are not always aware of the extent of their importance. Though some IEIs may place an extensive focus on their appearance, in the interest of producing an emotional affect (ie seeming elegant, unique, unusual, attractive, or otherwise), most IEIs pay little attention to their surroundings and may persist in disorganized or disheveled living conditions. They may have varyingly large or minimal appreciation for aesthetic concerns, and may range from squalor to a mildly obsessive zeal with regards to their aesthetic preferences.

&gt; IEIs may be overly diffident about matters pertaining to their health. Overall, they may have difficulty interpreting the signals of the body and may be inclined to focus excessively on them, possibly leading to alarmist self-diagnoses. They may perceive caring for one's body as a chore rather than a fulfilling activity. 


I guess I'll go for now with INFJ. Any input from you? Anything contridictory?
Huh. That thread convinced me I'm not an ISFJ. 

I think that Si seems like a function that would be great at predicting short term future as well as analysis from the past. Seeing patterns of how things have been and thus applying to a new situation to expect a result. 

Lets say that you have a friend who is in a new relationship.There is something wrong going on. An Ni user might pick up on something being wrong but not be able to put their finger on why. An Si user might go, my friend in the past has struggled when it came to this situation before. I can see this going wrong again as it is just repeating last time. 

This is just speculation of course.intelligence 6, looks 3, INFJI feel about average in intelligence. I put a 6 as i'm a tiny bit above average. A lot of people are smarter than me. My dad never had to study for a college and he got a 4.0. I get a 3.0-3.5 and I have to study quite a bit and put a lot of effort into my papers.  I also have a really low self esteem.

I'm not really that smart or clever. I just have a good ability to analyze and think critically. 

I also believe that the average person is more intelligent than we give them credit for. Most people rate themselves much higher I think than on comparison they are. I'm more realistic with my abilities I think.Well. For me introverted intution is as such. I have long term goals and I focus on the present and what I can control to work towards those goals. It is a detached view of the present because there is a constant check of the present with the future.

It is also impressions of the present situation. While Si seeks historical patterns to make predictions, Ni takes present details to guess at the unknown. Lets say you are talking to someone about their relationship and you notice that they are avoiding eye contact. Sure you have no real proof, but you extrapolate that their relationship is suffering based on their behavior. Then you take a whole overview of what you know of that person to understand why their relationship might be suffering. 

This is a contrast to Si which in the same situation goes off of a pattern of how they have behaved recently and in the past to figure out that they are going through difficulties because you have seen them go through the same thing before. 

The difference is that Si looks at trends to predict while Ni focuses on interpolations of the current situations to predict.I had a phase of that when I was younger. I've learned modesty when I've failed at things. I didn't used to study but once I've hit college I've learned that I need to take notes and review them in order to do well. I've had times where I had to ask the teacher after class to go over something to understand it better.

Sure I am usually at the top of the class but I have to actually work at it.

I've been beaten at competitive strategy games and learned that I would need to practice to match that person because I'm not as smart as them at that situation.

Overall I learned that I have my strengths but there are things that people are better at than me. My strongest abilities are in empathy and helping people through difficult times. I focus myself on that as I hope I can help make the lives of people who are struggling a little better.

It also doesn't help that because of mental illness I have a critically low self esteem and underestimate my abilities. I'm not even sure I have a self esteem. Between schizoaffective and borderline I don't feel very confident in my abilities.


I should also not be so hard on myself. I have the barriers of multiple mental illnesses and ADHD to deal with. It isn't like I'm on equal footingWell when I look at Sternberg's Triarchic theory of intelligece I am certainly have a high componential intelligence (7 i'd say) and a high experiential intelligence (8) but an average contexual intelligence (5). Averaged together you would get around 6.66 but that doesn't take into account emotional intelligence. Considering that I have poor emotional regulation, poor impulse control and poor motivation it is hard to rate myself as high in emotional intelligence. Furthermore I have difficulties in interpersonal relationships which suggests lower emotional intelligence as well. I'd rate my emotional intelligence at about a 4. While I do have those very severe deficits I do have a strong self-awareness, empathy and decent social skills. That averages out to a 6.

Of course, that assumes the Triarchic Theory of Intelligence is a valid model of intelligence. Furthermore this is mostly subjective interpretation of ability. While I do have the Wechler Adult Intelligence Scale to gauge my performance in componential intelligence, a lot of intelligence is hard to quantify. I scored 120 on the test when I went to be tested with the MMPI-2 for clinical issues.  I recently retook it to assess for learning disorders for college accomodation and scored 103 due to deficits in verbal memory and processing speed. Not sure why the difference. A part of it could be that I was hypomanic and psychotic at the time I took the test. It did mention that I was underperforming and the profile suggested a potential of results in the superior to very superior range. Thus, considering a superior result (120-129) I would place that as a 7 for componential intelligence.

As for the high experiential intelligence partially because of high synthetic giftedness but also the ability to pick up on things very quickly. The one part of myself that I can pride myself on is my creative writing ability. I've recieved a decent amount of praise for it so I'm pretty confident with it. I also find myself able to learn drawing very quickly (though I fell out of it once I stopped my meds for a period). 

As for the average contexual intelligence, I find that I'm okay at adapting to new situations. I don't find myself to adapt to new situations that fast, but i'm not less capable of that than your average person.

I do find the study of intelligence fairly interesting. For example the correlation of intelligence test results between identical twins that were raised *seperately* is +.75 in one study. That is a very high coefficient and suggests a strong correlation. Usually it is a coefficient of +/- .6 as strongly correlated. Between parent and child as well as siblings (not twins) raised together it is +.56. Certainly there is an environmental influence on the development of intelligence but it is interesting that genetic has a strong component. Of course, this is only correlation, which has the usual correlation flaws. 

It is also interesting how schizophrenia, borderline personality disorder, conversion disorder and high anxiety are a large part of the reason for the development of the first intelligence test. Further interest is how the development of intelligence tests and the eugenics movement in the early 20th century contributed highly to the Holocaust. My question is as such. Why play the psychometric angle? That to me is a poor argument for MBTI. Big 5 in particular has plenty of subscales that measure different traits and isn't just the five main scales. For example, [look at this chart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personality_disorder#Normal_personality) and notice how the Five Factor Model can offer predictions on personality disorders. MBTI only has four scales compared to the five factor model's *thirty*.  To compare them is a joke. Sure you could say that there is some correlation between the five dimentions and the four dichotomies but much of it is weak and doesn't take into consideration the subscales.

Furthermore, it fails to predict disordered individuals.  Other personality exams including the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory and Millon Clinical Multiaxial Inventory not only detect personality traits but also disordered personalities and clinical problems as well.

It is nowhere near on par with the Five Factor model and to pretend so is to lack knowledge about such a model. It even lacks a validity scale.

MBTI would never predict my borderline personality disorder. But most other personality measurements can. Yeah. I realize I'm a lot more Fe than Fi (back when I identified as ESFJ nobody doubted I was Fe) and so that leaves two types. ISFJ and INFJ. Looking through responses SJs have put as their responses for Si as well as looking at how I view the present and the focus of my attention INFJ is the only thing that makes sense.

I wish I were ISFP but I'm lacking on the subjective elements alongside other things. I just feel kinda meh about being an intuitive really. Sensors seem to be more excitingI've got enough on my plate to worry about. I don't even consider religion because I already am overwhelmed.

Does that make me agnostic athiest? I don't believe or disbelieve in deities, I just don't care.Extroverts feel more positive emotions in a day. They are able to handle higher levels of stimulation. 

This [article sums it up pretty well.](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/beautiful-minds/will-the-real-introverts-please-stand-up/)Just to test if this works.

A: 26, female and United States

**B: What do I remember easily**

* Technical details about topics I'm interested in. This can range from information from psychology classes, mechanics of mental illness and neurological disorders, code of ethics for social work, rules for tabletop RPGs and things to build characters in it or perhaps knowledge of how things work based off of study and science classes

* What food and music I enjoy

* Recreational activities I find fun

* Unpleasant memories  

* Personal Details about people I care about.  This can be things like music they enjoy, their favorite food or details such as their ideological beliefs. I generally know when my friends are going to need help ahead of time and i'll be there to help them. I love doing little things to help them through hard times. 

*  Appointments

* My budget and how much money I have to spend and how much is in the bank at any moment.

**What I forget easily**

* Birthdays and special events

* the exact word that I need in that moment which I will remember much later

* What happened to me yesterday.

* my own mistakes and repeating them

**C: What kind of people do you feel most comfortable with?**

* Accepting

* Nonjudgemental

* Fun

* Openminded

* Creative

* Quiet like me.

* considerate of my feelings

* non argumentative

*  adventurous 

* kindhearted

* Preferably ideologically similar

* empathetic 
**
What kind of people make me feel awkward?**

* highly talkative people

* strongly ideologically opposed

* intolerant

* pushes opinions on me

* Gossiping  

* publicly flirtatious

* overly polite

**What kind of people annoy you?**

* argumentative people   

* inconsiderate of the feelings of others

* racist, sexist, homophobic or transphobic

* talks about "SJWs" all the time

* loud

* narcissistic

* meanspirited
 
* overly strict with routine

**D: How do you handle interpersonal conflict.**

Being honest here. I don't handle it well. I'm passive or passive aggressive and avoidant. I would rather avoid the person or not deal with it. I hate conflict extremely. If it can't be helped try to remain fair and be honest.

**How do you wish you handled it?**

By being assertive and standing up for myself. Not backing down quickly. Being less emotional

**How would I change my approach?**

I'd work on being assertive and not being avoidant.

**E. What is your demeanor like?**

* Not very expressive due to negative symptoms of schizoaffective disorder. When I'm feeling much better I try to use body language a lot to emphasize

* I'm quiet and prefer actions over words. I like to do things with people and I'm not much of a conversation partner. I let people talk over me easily. I tend to be more of a listener than anything. If I find the topic interesting I'll discuss it but I hate idle chatter. People who make noise just to hear themselves really really annoy me.

* Pretty much in the moment. I focus on recent events and what is in front of me. I like to be enjoying something like the scenery, food, games, music or some sort of task to keep me busy. I don't really plan and I just do what seems good to me at the time. I'm impulsive. If I end up in the future or past it is a stressful and anxiety provoking so I try to avoid it even if it is hard sometimes. As long as I'm living in the moment like I enjoy I tend not to be that stressed or anxious.

* I'm by far an emotional person

* I make lame jokes sometimes. I do like entertaining others with jokes. But in general I'm a bit more serious and sometimes take jokes literally. 

* I usually consider what I'm going to say before I say it. I usually manage to stay on topic. Sometimes I'll diverge a little to a related topic when I get bored of one but I tend to stay focused on the current topic. I do try to be careful with what I say

* I forget what I was going to say all the time. Sometimes I'll forget what I'm saying while I'm saying it and then there is awkward silence. Sometimes people can get me to remember what I was saying but sometimes it just means a complete change in topic.

* I'm not really particularly excited by things easily. But if there is something I enjoy I will really look forward to it and even miss sleep over it. Normally i respond unenthusiastically.

* I'm extremely easily bored. I will try to find something that I enjoy because I can't stand it. I get bored extremely fast and I'll try to do something to relieve it.  I like to be doing something and not just sitting around idly.

*  I have adhd-pi so I fidget. I tap my feet or play with my fingers or chew on pencils. I don't particularly stay still.

* I find it kinda hard if i'm actually relaxed but I can do it without too much struggle

* If I'm anxious or bored i'm antsy. I generally don't need to be productive but i hate sitting doing nothing. 

* I wouldn't fully mind. I think I would get bored. But I do that occasionally. I don't feel a pressure to be productive but I do have pressure to be entertained. 

**What kinds of things do you seem to notice more than most people?**

* When shopping I can pick up on items faster than everyone else

* Environmental details I usually see before others and so that turns into someone saying hey look at that and I respond "oh. I know already"

* People's moods

**What do you miss?**

* Small details when doing something

* Sometimes I rush through things too fast

**G. Various things**

* I'm pretty low energy most of the time. I have a hard time with motivation

* I like food and can get excited for a good meal. I'm a good cook but I rarely have the motivation to do so. (stupid aviolition)

* I might get energized by a good creative session. Especially playfully with friends. 

* I browse art and art museums when I can to relax myself. I love both the physical art in front of me as well as what it means to me.

* Music in general gives me energy

* I like reading

* I'm great at understanding others and working them through their problems. I'm going into clinical social work for this reason to do psychotherapy.

* I'm a pretty good writer and when I have a good story I get energized.

* I'm skillful at taking care of others and I really enjoy it. I recognize a lot with ennegram 2

* I like to color and sometimes do puzzles

* Particularly enjoy the beauty of nature and doing things like backpacking or kayaking. If I can find someone to do it with I will gladly do so. A lot of fun.

* I'm great at researching and connecting things to understand how things work. If it was offered I would totally go into a research field. 

* I love going to class and enjoy university a lot 

* I'm pretty idealistic and politically active. I love to advocate and have even appeared on the news! I fight hard for what I believe in.

* I like looking nice. I enjoy feeling pretty and putting together something that is enjoyable.

* I love sex and I'm pretty good at it from experience.

**What are you okay at?**

* Designing a website. I can make it look nice but the code I'm not that great with

* I'm only okay at art. I haven't practiced nearly enough and I've fallen out a bit. I love coloring but I don't have much of a chance to do so. I like doing art and everything but I need practice

* I'm okay with decorating. I just don't put the energy into doing so


* I'm an okay teacher. I don't excel at it but I don't do badly

**What are you bad at?**

* Dealing with conflict

*  Being social and it is highly taxing for me

* In high school I was excellent with math and was ahead of everyone and taking AP calculus. Now I really suck at it and struggle with algebra.

* I struggle to be critical of others

* I struggle to stay committed to one task for extended periods of times

* I suck at saving money

* I don't know how to do anything romantic

* I don't know how to make new friends really.

* I struggle with controlling my emotions

* I'm way way too clingy

* I'm avoidant of social situations because of fear of rejection or being disliked.Realistic 55%, Observant 76% and Introverted 94% with a supporting identity that gives the title of adventurer

I think that fits ISFP with an ennegram of 2. The description fits pretty well too.
Hey I like abstract theories and discussion without practical use and I'm a sensor. Otherwise I wouldn't take so many philosophy and psychology classes. While I do attempt to make them relevant I do fine with them. I think it is a personal preference.

I don't endlessly think about theory and instead focus on what is in front of me. I get easily distracted because of that. I mean I will admit to hedonism and a preference to things being applicable. I live in the moment and don't spend time stressing myself out about the future. I also looooooove food and going hiking to experience the world around me. I'd take a good backpacking or kayaking trip to a discussion about the metaphysical ramification of the isolation imposed by our modern society. 

I think what trips people up is that they assume sensors are boring because their primary information gathering functions are the literal perception of the world around them through their five senses. But that doesn't take into effect things like hobbies, interests or individual quirkiness. I do find annoyance with people calling intuition creativity. I know some pretty non-creative intuitives and I'm a very creative sensor.

Normally I would refute stuff like this....


but this was the results of our developmental psychology class. While there were still a ton of SFJs I was the only SP result in all of the people given the step 1 as part of the class. Half the class tested as an intuitive (mostly enfp) and the rest as SJ. I still love my psychology and philosophy but I was a minority for sure.I dunno. I have pretty typical ADHD-primary inattentive

In such, difficulty with long term planning, difficulty with organization, either hyperfocus kicks in or be unable to focus and filter out distractions. Plus I have a difficulty telling how much time has passed. I have to usually play first and work second or else I dont have the mental energy to get things done. Im impulsive and I need regular rewards or else delayed gratification wont work.

 If I were to get a gym membership I paid a bunch and wouldn't go. If i were to pay someone else on top and have them refund me some every time I showed up I would have no problem.

Off topic but i manage to study by buying something yummy and rewarding myself with little bits of it periodically upon getting a bit done[This is pretty darn accurate for me](http://astroligion.com/isfp-personality/#)Yeah I don't have a life schedule at all. I do what I feel like doing for that day. I've worked a little bit on getting homework done right away rather than procrastinating but if it is really large i'll end up just not finishing it or doing it at all. I need help breaking up large projects into tiny little ones that don't overwhelm me.

But yeah.I have no routine and when I did it really helped me but then i lazily fell out of it. I need sleep meds because sometimes my mind won't shut up. I do well with med taking because i'm used to it. I have to deal with the adhd without medication becuase of psychiatric (schizoaffective bipolar type). by the way it is pretty common for adhd to also have a mood disorder. Discipline is soooooo hard.

Like omg i try to diet but like i'm so impulsive that it fails every time. I try to regularily study but it never gets done. I just can't really discipline myself without outside interference. 

I totally know what you are like with the ideas. Like I have an idea for my dad's farm and it just gets shot down and like damn. but then i get a project in my head and start it never to return. I have so many unfinished projects. I'm like i have an idea and it just never goes anywhere.  I need a manager so badly. In class i'm totally connecting things together and like try to have the teacher i have the tangent right. I've actually had a teacher say they would need to look at it.

but yeah. Focus is soooo hard except for hyperfocus. In which case that isn't very good either. In order to study I have to just go to the coffee shop where there are no electronics i can use or get distracted by. If i stay at home i'm just going to get distracted by one thing or another.It gave me ESFP despite the order being closer to ISFP

Fi&gt;Se&gt;Fe&gt;Ni&gt;Ne&gt;Te&gt;Ti&gt;Si


I dunno how it comes up with type 
Take a deep breath. Find ten things around you and describe them. Appreciate what goes on around you and how the world is instead of what it could be. Make time for the present instead of living in the past or future.

If you want to do something just do it. Don't overthink it and form expectations. Enjoy things as they come up and experience rather than speculate.
Eh. I find it tiring to see so many threads focusing on intuitives and understanding how functions work from their perspective. There isn't a feeling of as many places to contribute. Plus I don't see as many interesting topics as I used to on the sub.

I certainly think there are mistyped ISFPs. I was able to pass off as an ENTP for a long time and nobody questioned it even though I'm certain I'm ISFP. 

Futhermore, the speculation without evidence becomes a little tiring. It would be nice if there was some solid proof but cognitive functions being pure speculation makes it less interesting. It feels so subjective at times. This is why I've been leaning more and more to Big 5 as not only is it more evidence based but also very applicable to the study of many things. 

Even when it isn't focusing on intuitives (especially Inxx types) it is focused on T types. I seems like there are more threads about STs than SF and SF threads are even focused on SFJ more often than not. There just aren't as many threads that are relevant to SFPs.16personalites [by their own admission](https://www.16personalities.com/articles/our-theory) is a re purposing of big 5 using mbti letters. 

Thus because you are conscientious you are a J and because you have a lower openness to experience it gave you an S. 

It gives me [INFP](http://imgur.com/a/Xx6Se). That also matches up pretty strongly with my Big 5 results. I'm very confident I'm an ISFP though.Im ISFP and consider myself pretty weird so it gave infp insteadI disagree that this is Se. Se is an active engagement with the external surrounding world. If anything, this is shutting out the external world which is like counter to Se. 

I would say *mindfulness* is closer to Se. Being aware of the now and the things around you. Experiencing the world through your senses rather than focusing on overwhelming thoughts of the past and future. I know I get anxious if I'm distracted from what is directly in front of me.

Furthermore Se embraces (healthy) impulses to experience. It looks for the highest experience available. Thus sitting around might be good for anxiety and stuff but it would quickly be boring and want some sort of high stimulating task. If you want to work on Se, go out and do stuff. Learn though experience.
Typed by group conversations in a discord chat I participate in as well as individual insight based upon study of cognitive functions. Also posting on here about INFP vs ISFP. I could still be an INFP but I doubt it. I am very in the moment which to my understanding can happen with Ne but is more characteristic of Se.  As well as being biased towards tangible proof over speculation.

I also got ISFP on the official mbti test though I might have biased in order to get the results I wanted slightly.

It is a little difficult to tell as I'm also ennegram 2 (core fear of being unwanted and unworthy of being loved) so I am as accommodating as a Fe user.

So I'm pretty much sure I'm either ISFP, ISFJ or INFPArrgh when people don't close their mouth when eating drives me batshit. I want to yell at them to close their mouth but I'm too polite.

I have an autistic friend who likes to make noises to himself and it drives me nuts
Anal-expulsive

Being temperamentally careless and messy, your personal relationships are intense but unstable. You also have a habit of shifting back and forth between over-idealizing and derogating the people in your life. Restless and having a strong need for stimulation, you may sometimes act recklessly just to "keep things feeling fresh," thereby exposing yourself and others to danger and hurt in the process. Your erratic emotional life leads you to experience intense ups and downs and may cause you to confuse sex with intimacy as it all blurs together in your mind-blowingly fast-paced life. Metaphorically, your personality style may be described as the toddler who did not see the point of potty training and resisted it, instead defecating whenever he felt like it. Because you never learned to reign in your urges in toddlerhood, you are incapable of moderating your search for adventure and excitement in adulthood. Hence you may leap from project to project and partner to partner, always pining for instant success instead of staying with a single prospect for the long haul and bringing it to success by "holding it in" until fruition.

And I've decided that I'm an ESFP (just one who is not mentally well and reclusive because of being unwell). This is like, exactly right for meWell you could say that I do........

In fact you could say that a thumb up the butt for me is tame

Also. I DO have borderline personality disorder as well. And that fits BPD exactlyPersonalties aren't more clearly seen until after adolescence. People can change a lot as a teen so I really don't see the worth of typing someone under 18. Especially as the identity vs identity confusion state according to erikson is not finished yet. Jung didn't believe your personality was formed until your late thirties even I believe it was.

So I don't think types change really. So you can't really type someone accurately who isn't finished with adolescence. This all sounds like normal stuff for a teen to go through.At first I start out being all giggly and happy but then I quickly devolve into being an introspective drunk and a particularly negative one.Because we love oral.Your 4 letters.Coffee if I want to take a nap. I mean it is great as I can drown coffee with cream and sugar to make it yummy.

Weirdly I love my tea without anything sweet in it. I find it appalling to add sugar or honey to tea as it has a pleasant flavor on its own. Especially the fruity teas I love. 

So when it comes down it, I like tea a lot more. Coffee is nice and puts me to sleep (I usually take a nap after two cups) and i'll drink good coffee black but i much prefer tea. Now if you go to coffee infused drinks then yeah that is my favorite. I'm a sucker for sugary lattes. Especially a good caramel latte. mmmmm yumWeirdly that sounds like me pretty much right ontake your best guess?

http://i.imgur.com/bGvp1cB.jpgFP is correct. NP is notIm a sensor for sure. I can't say the same about the restRight functions, wrong order1. Cigarettes but I rarely do them because it puts me at risk of clots

2. I used to with alcohol but I have been one month sober. It was hard to quit and I still feel cravings occasionally.

3. ISFP

4. Addiction to binge eating and hypersexuality. Having sex without condoms with absolute strangers for the thrill of the danger.Hey I'm an artist. I just cry too much and am way too clingyIm a creative ISFP and your creative INxP seems to fit me well. I used to be a fantasy writer until i transferred those skills into GMing pathfinder. I still create my own worlds and stories within. I can spend all day fantisizing about a storyline of world.

Now my creative writing is more focused on either meta fiction based off of criticizing a thing we take for granted or taking a realistic situation and playing with reader expectations and tropes to make it seem fantastical when it isn't. An example is playing on the horror aspect of a halloween night to seem supernatural except in reality it is a woman going through her first psychotic episode.

I also love poetry and doing art of either an abstract nature or of my favorite characters from a show. Granted I suck at art because of dysgraphia but i still try and enjoy it when i can muster the motivation (apathy and aviolition is an annoying symptom of schizoaffective disorder).

I enjoy using my imagination for speculative reasons. I do find imagination to be more interesting than reality. In imagination you can speculate what it might be like to be a pet of an alien jellyfish or if you had superpowers. A lot more fun than paying bills or doing homework.


My point is that maybe creativity is more an imaginative thing no matter the type. It may be more of an Fi trait to have such fascination with imagination and expressing yourself..

It might also just be openess to experience. In which I do score really high on that on most big 5 stuff. 1. I have one semi-close friend and a few friends I run into but don't hang out with much. I spend a lot of time alone and don't have a huge drive to socialize.

2. Something I almost always miss because I sleep in too late. But if I were to describe it I would say it is the opposite of a sunset. Whereas a sunset is the end of a chapter in life and a time for calm, relaxation and sleep away from the busy day, a sunrise is a sign of all the annoyances of daily life to come. I prefer the night by far.  If I were to describe it fully I would say it is a burning of the night sky, with its orange flames engulfing the world. Also that I prefer sunsets by far. Also, it reminds me of the song glorious dawn and I would agree that it is not a sunrise but a galaxy rise. A sunset represents death and the calm coldness of it. A sunrise represents life, with its warm frenzy and everything.

3. I semi care about fashion in that I like to look nice but when it comes to other people I don't really care. I might judge them silently but I'm not going to confront them at all. I take pride in my own appearance at least. 

4. I'm usually right on time. Sometimes a little bit early. I've been late before but not by much. I don't like to be super early because waiting around is annoyingvery wrong. At least you got that i'm an introverted sensor right.I disagree that it is a connection to Se in any way. Se is about active engagement with the surrounding world. Meditation shuts out the external world in order to concentrate on a single thing and block out thoughts. If anything, that is very Si to focus on the small sensations. Se doesn't care about them, it just wants intense sensations.

Se also is impulsive in trying to experience the world. Sitting down and focusing is missing out on an experience  and thus be boring to Se. If you want to work on Se, go out and do stuff. Engage with the world, have fun and learn new things from experience.

If anything, Se is Mindfulness. It is being aware of the now and what surrounds you. It is an experience of the moment. I use mindfulness to connect with the world when Ni is making me anxious. I focus intently on everything around me, getting away from the dismal past or future.I question if there really is more sensors than intuitives. The statistics are from the official MBTI test. Which happens to use openness to experience as S/N. I think there are plenty of intuitives with low openness and plenty of sensors with high openness. 

I think in general if you go by cognitive functions instead of dichotomies that the test presents you end up with more of an even split. I think the reason why the sensor subreddits are less populated is because sensors aren't exactly made comfortable in the MBTI community. I do think there are a bunch of people typed as intuitives who are actually sensors and tend to hang out in the intuitive subreddits. It is more popular to be an intuitive in the MBTI community than a sensor as well as the free tests biasing towards intutives or in the case of 16personalities being a direct measure of openness to experience. I think a lot of people don't look into cognitive functions and instead focus on what their test results are. 

So I doubt that there are more cognitively sensors in the real world.

Also to call bullshit on a common idea that the internet is made for intuitives. I think mbti areas are more made for intuitives, but certainly not even reddit. Look at the popular subreddits like food or gaming. If sensors were the majority of people it would make sense that out of the few million reddit  users most would be sensors as well. Especially places like instagram or facebook.Messy for sure. Part of that is from schizoaffective but even when I do clean it is poorly organizedI don't think the internet is inxx place. Just these kind of subreddits. Social media websites have a lot of extroverts for sure. Especially instagram.

As for reddit I think a lot of the defaults appeal to sensors and most of the subreddits as well. Just the theoretical subreddits are more intuitive focused. 

I'm not sure where this idea that the Internet itself favors intuitives because almost everyone uses the internet nowadays. That Te is right on exactly.INFP: Ravenclaw1. Me? Plan parties? No way. I might reluctantly go to one and leave early but no way am I hosting or planning one. First off not only do I hate parties but I am not exactly what one would call an organized or motivated person.

2. No. Not only could I not afford that but even more important I hate crowds. I mean i've been to concerts and it is okay if I'm all the way in the stands away from the crowd but I could think of a lot more fun things to do in a foreign country. I'd only go if I could participate in checking out the rest of the country.

3. No I don't. I like to occasionally see friends. I'm not fully reclusive but I don't hang out with a lot of people and I prefer it that way.

4. I loooooove art. I love going to art museums and painting and when I have the motivation drawing. I'm one of those weird people who like contemporary art museums and abstract art over the boring realistic looking art. I like things I can interpret my own way. Though my favorite art piece was a pile of candy. I forgot the number but added up the candy represented one pound of the artist's partner's weight. The partner had cancer and thus taking from the pile signified a pound lost due to the treatment and when the pile was gone his eventual death. That really was touching for me. So I love art quite a bit.

5. No. But I do put dates into my phone so that way it can remind me when I have an appointment. I can look at google calendar and know exactly what is coming up. If that counts than yes but that is only because I have a shitty memory and I lose appointment cards.

6. Ooh. Of course! Not only do I get to experience a new place but get a nice meal out of it too? Sounds like a great time. I can get some sightseeing in as well as maybe go to a few museums the day after the meal.

7. Think and do for sure. I have a hard time motivating myself for doing the do part and I always have to think ahead of time. I don't usually just jump into anything. I mean, I'm spontaneous for sure but I am not a doer.

8. Reading, drawing, painting, listening to music, watching shows (especially anime), playing video games sometimes (motivation again) and I love going to any class that is available. Learning new things is a hobby for me and I spend quite a bit of time researching topics to know more. I actually don't mind research papers because then I get to learn something new!I'm inbetween the two with a lean towards infp. I am constantly questioning my type and ending up with different results. But INFP only because I can't recognize with Se and every time I try to demonstrate Ni I end up describing Ne. The closest I can come up with for Ni is like a jigsaw puzzle. Little puzzle pieces connected together to form a picture that is more than the sum of its parts. The higher up the stack the more pieces to the puzzle.Oh look. Needless transphobia thrown into MBTI as if it is relevant -_- 

That shit doesn't belong here. I thought this community would be a place away from that.


As for this, if you look at each cognitive function they would predisposition one to certain behaviors. Maybe not necessarily manifest in the same way, but there are behaviors that are going to manifest in each type. For example, Se needs active engagement with the outside world. Ne is tangential and experimental. Fe is going to require validation that its values are objective and thus users will try to reach a consensus. Fi users subjectively form their values. Thus, they hold them very strongly.

Yes you can generalize type behavior based on how the cognitive functions would interact. 

Another wrong thing. Introverts tend to daydream. Not just INFP but also ISFP, INTP and ISTP. Probably the Js as well.

But what we can sterotype correctly is that through extraverted judging functions a type will be organized in either their social life for Fe or physical world for Te. External judging leads to subjecting the outer world to fit the needs of the user.

That being said, if you look at most type sterotypes they don't take into account nuance of the individual's experience. Maybe the INFP was taught daydreaming was bad and avoids daydreaming. Maybe the Te user has ADHD and leaves a mess because of that. As much as there is a rule there are *exceptions* to the rule. All we can do is look at general trends and patterns. That is why there are many different questions in a typing thread to look for patterns of behavior rather than exact sterotypes. Even then it isn't an exact science and the best way to type someone is to offer accurate descriptions to the functions in order to help someone decide what fits them the best. As one can only know themselves the best.Except reality lines up with transpeople. Even the[ science](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-there-something-unique-about-the-transgender-brain/) [lines](http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2016/gender-lines-science-transgender-identity/) up. 

The APA, AMA and pretty much any credible organization all support transpeople. Gender dysphoria is recognized as a real thing and the scientific and medical community all support its existence and treatment through transition.

Furthermore, sex hormones matter a lot. Sure a transwoman does not have the reproductive capabilities of a cisgender woman, but hormone levels play much more of a role. If you want to argue that transwomen aren't women because of their reproductive organs than intersex women and women with hysterectomies aren't women either.

If you don't think sex hormones are what designate sex then check out androgen insensitivity syndrome to see the effects of sex hormones on even things like the development of genitalia and secondary sexual characteristics. [These women all have XY chromosomes](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JbISU84aiFQ/hqdefault.jpg). It turns out that what makes us male of female is a lot more complicated than chromosomes. Sex hormones play a HUGE role. Thus, if a transwomen has the hormones of a women they are more alike to women than they are to men. Transwomen can even do things like lactate and breastfeed. The only thing separating them biologically is just the genitalia.

So no. Objective reality does not line up with your views. IT is the scientific and medical consensus that transpeople's identities are valid.Lemme guess ENTPBrief answers just remind me of Ti, willingness to party shows a preference for extroversion. Smaller groups makes me think of ENTP. Thus ENTPINFP

That my friends, partners and loved ones are going to leave me because of saying or doing the wrong thing. That i'm always going to be isolated and never belong anywhere. One major difference between STJs and NTJs I find is to be their playfulness. NTJs I find are very serious and I've yet to hear my INTJ friend make a joke. Meanwhile the ISTJ friend playfully jabs at me and makes jokes. I think the Ne vs Se makes a pretty big difference even in an inferior position1. Not much. Maybe completing writing a story or drawing and the achievement that comes with that. On rare occasion food. But I don't experience much joy in life but that is complicated by symptoms of schizophrenia. Other than that my primary joy is helping others who are in distress get to a better state of mind and improving their life. I also love learning new things and spend quite a bit of my time researching. I also like making jokes

2. The lack of joy in my life. The lack of motivation that makes me not complete the creative works i do. Seeing my efforts to help others fail and seeing them remaining to struggle.

3. Not much really. Abandonment makes me angry and being forced to be someone I am not makes me angry. I guess seeing hateful actions in others make me angry. If they don't want to accept me as I am that pisses me off as well.

4. Humor at the expense of others. Only pretending to be one way to curry favor. I'd rather someone be honest with who they are. People failing to see things from more than one perspective. 
Lack of empathy


5. A few fears. One is abandonment. Another is being an outsider because of being different. Not being able to be myself is a fear. People finding me boring and uninteresting. Being unable to be loved. I'm on the line between ISFP and INFP and can't make up my mind between the two. So i'll score this as right as it is one of my two choices.

But yes I am a 4. Semi accurate for me. My mcmi results are much higher on a lot of things. Very high on schizotypal, schizoid (i have schizoaffective so those two make sense), self-defeating, dependant and avoidant. I'm diagnosed though with borderline personality disorder so that is much higher in me.

Medium on antisocial but extremely low on narcissistic, histrionic and ocpd.
I'm surprised nobody has mentioned [keys2cognition](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm). It is the only one I see that takes into perspective cognitive functionsIt should give a second opinion of the extraverted type or one other that could be similar. Did it say ENTP there?Top 3

1. Compassion

2. honesty

3. creativity

Top 5

* Openness

*  Determination

Top 10

* Authenticity

* Wisdom

* Respect

* knowledge

* AutonomyI listen to pretty much anything so I dunno what that says about me. I do have a taste for electroswing, whatever genre streetlight manifesto is, classic rock, various edm (i'm picky with that though) and folk music.

But i'll still listen to anything and I listen to a lot of music. One key thing is that I don't pay attention to lyrics as much as the instrumentals. I can't focus enough to pay attention to lyrics really.Last time I tested it was 103. 

First time I took it at 19 was 120. This is the same test (WAIS 4th) proctored by the same person. Somehow I've lost 17 points over the years.

But I feel like 103 is more accurate. I feel just average intelligence.Isfp with adhd - inattentive typeIm bored because I lack enjoyment with the things i do. But it takes a lot of stimulation to satisfy me. ISFPLook around you and identity 4 objects by sight and three sounds. That helps get you temporarily be in the momentI disagree. Getting into the flow is something high Se doms do instictively. 

Worrying about the future is lower ni for sure.

If those were traits of ni dom I'd be one for sure . Im clearly not an infj.Yep completely. I run into lamp posts because i'm so focused on a thought.

And  yes to the second as wellI might be confused by the structure of your sentence. You said 

&gt; Do you get very uncomfortable if you don't "always make sure you know where you're going with something", "begin with the end result", and follow a "trajectory towards the end point"?

I took that as uncomfortable with the first two. Which I am uncomfortable if I begin with the end result. I do focus towards the end when doing a project and such. 

As for INTJ, everyone I know agrees with me being dom Fi and Inf Te fits me very well as well. No matter what I'm a feeler for sure.

I do admit to overdoing sex, drugs, alcohol and binge eating. That is true. I used to have a lot of sex without protection, drink to the point of almost becoming an alcholic, became obese from binge eating and became a smoker for a while. But that is from borderline personality disorder.

I mean my other possibility that I keep in mind is INFP which has Se PoLR.&gt; In positive psychology, flow, also known as the zone, is the mental state of operation in which a person performing an activity is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involvement, and enjoyment in the process of the activity. In essence, flow is characterized by complete absorption in what one does.

I get that a lot. That and hyperfocus from ADHD. As for Se and flow, I feel like it is common for Se users to be completely engaged in what they are doing. I normally don't like personality cafe, but I like [this description of Se](http://personalitycafe.com/esfp-articles/991826-ferroequinologists-se-description.html).

As for myself, I don't daydream much anymore. I have a hard time doing it. Probably due to being on a lot of antipsychotics. But I do get in the zone easily. Either that or I am mistaking hyperfocus for flow as I have adhd-pi. I get so engrossed in things I am doing I lose focus on everything else around me. It is just me and that activity where nothing else really matters. When doing so I miss things like being oblivious to emergency vehicle sirens outside my window to the annoyance of everyone in a voice call with me. Or I'll be so focused on solving a problem in my head that I walk into a crosswalk when it is red without realizing it.

It could all just be ADHD-PI.I talk to myself a lot and I'm a sensor I know plenty of sensors who are into mbti functional theory. I would do the same thing as OP in trying to type. So I wouldn't use that to rule out ESFP.Holy lower Te batman! That much is obvious.

To me you aren't asking for possibilities as you rule out types to confirm your thinking. Only it isnt as structured as a higher Te would.

Both Dom Ne and Se look for possible sensations. However Ne looks for all possibilities and even mundane possibilities. Se looks for the possibility that ends in the highest pitch of actuality. It also looks for novelty but doesnt like mundane or uncomfortable sensations.

Se doms are more impulsive and aware of their surroundings. They chase excitement, whether through their ideas or experiments. Se doms and aux like to absorb everything around them. In class they enthusiastically take in all the knowledge and become an expert. Despite sterotypes, Se users are not necessarily physically active. They still have an enthusiasm and passion even when physically lazy. 

Both types are exploratory.

In learning Ne types try to skip ahead or form tangents. While this makes them seem smart, they often sacrifice depth of knowledge. They look for things to spring off of and form novel ideas. They are spontaneous but not necessarily impulsive. Their behavior seems more erratic, with hobbies changing often. They are less likely to master doing something and tend to be jack of all trades.I disagree. Se will do what is exciting whether it is physical or not. An ESFP will seek out a movie or book that has an intense emotional experience. Se is about intensity of experience and not necessarily the physicality of an experience. It just happens that physical things are often intense situations.

Se will golf because it might be fun to win or be exciting when you score below par. They might also enjoy the scenery and calm as it is a positive experience.Sometimes I think five factor doesn't translate well to mbti. For example I have high openness and very high agreeableness and I would admit to being kinda a SJW.

Which I'm an SP who is supposed to be the opposite. Of course, on the MBTI test which correlates openness to S/N I'm an INFP.

My main point here is that five factor loosely translates to mbti test scores but i'm not sure if they really translate to function wise perspectiveWeirdly I recognize with Ni and Fe there. Fi I often don't know how I feel right away and have to think on it some.

As for Se.. I'm pretty often unaware of my surroundings. I blame dom Fi and teritary Ni

If it is true then I'm the exception. I'm super introverted. First off, I don't think creativity is function related. Some people go Ne or Ni are responsible for creativity but I've met creative ESFPs and I'm creative.

Not everyone has to be creative of course. But creativity can also come in other forms. An example would be designing a new way to do things at work.

If you are looking at the creative arts, you CAN do it. It just takes practice. Everyone sucks at first and you learn as you go on. You just have to commit yourself to doing so. You just have to try and suck before you can get good at it. Maybe take out some help books to get tips on the basics. Try out something simple and when you master it work towards something bigger. You can do it, but it isn't going to come the first time you do it.Who says we go to parties in the first place?1. I am a 26 year old white transwoman from the midwest United States. I am 5'10", dirty blonde hair and blue eyes. The highest education I have obtained is an Associates Degree and I am in university to hopefully obtain a masters in clinical social work. I also happen to have schizoaffective disorder. I'm a writer and I hate physical work, preferring mental work.

2. I think I am an IxFP with a lean towards ISFP. I'm pretty sure I'm an introvert who uses Fi. I tend to be a reserved person with sudden bursts of emotion. To me that is very Fi like. Furthermore I have very strong values that I keep myself consistent to and I live life to my ideals. I am certainly idealistic. I try to be as true to myself as possible and when I do something against my values I feel extraordinarily bad. I am a very moralistic person even if my values don't line up with societal expectations. As for the lean towards ISFP, that is what people usually type me as. However, whenever I try to use examples of Ni in my life I always end up describing Ne. An example is sitting around with a friend listening to the radio and suddenly coming up with an idea about what life without music would be like. Then coming up with a possible story to write about (I am a writer) involving that. As for Se, I may not be the most environmentally aware person ever (I like to drift off in thought and forget what is going on around me. Sometimes to the point of walking through a stoplight and only being lucky I wasn't hit by a car) I certainly do love my sensations. Whether it be music, food or art I love to indulge in it. I tend to gravitate towards the highest experience I can manage. That is my argument for ISFP and especially Fi dom. 

3. I am just curious and wanting to know the truth. I feel like if i'm accurate about my self perception then I show that I have good understanding of the theory. I can't really add my own interpretations of the theory if my understanding is flawed. I enjoy finding ways to explain parts of the theory. I like to be able to fully understand the theory. I also would like to be sure that there are people like me and being typed right can help me connect with others. Certainly knowing that there are people around me who are similar makes me feel less alone. It helps me feel less misunderstood for sure.

4. A minute is a short time. I'd probably spend that time advocating to help combat the stigma of mental illness. Wouldn't be able to say a lot but a good phrase can be powerful. I want to make a difference in the world and help people as much as I can. That is my main goal in life is to help people.

5. I'm seen as a recluse and as weird. I tend to stick to myself and sometimes that can come across as rudeness. I would never intentionally be rude but sometimes I just need to be away from others. If I'm at a party I'm usually by myself and that looks a little odd. Also, I try to help people as much as I can and sometimes people get suspicious I have an ulterior motive but I usually don't. I tend to want to help because I legitimately want to make the lives of other people better. I also know what pain is like and so I seek out people in pain and try to mitigate their pain.

6. I would say my experiences with mental illness and a gender transition had an extreme impact. For one thing they made me more empathetic and gave me a determination to improve the lives of others going through similar things. It has also led to me being fairly reclusive. I also would link significant changes in my development to my parents divorcing at a young age. I think it leaves me being mistrustful of intimacy and a lower self esteem. 

7. I picked a [random image on flikr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/55740718@N03/32908497354/in/explore-2017-03-31/) and I will write a haiku from it.

&gt; Another sunrise

&gt; To fill the deep emptiness

&gt; Hope for a new dayI picture a multicolored quilt. However some of the squares are missing due to damage. 

That or sometimes a cyberpunk city with electronics sparking lightning.Mental illness and bad experiences in life.IxFP 2w1 I think is pretty rare. 2s are common among Fe users but rare among Fi users. It makes me act very Fe like with Fi intentions.Same here. IxFPI think what Fi hates is more being ingenuine to your values. Live life to the fullness of your own beliefs. Things like compromising your values in order to serve a group is seen as fake. If you aren't true to yourself then Fi has a problem. If I do something at odds with my values I start to feel really really bad and have to go fix it. I think to sum it up is moral integrity is key to Fi and thus it sees Fe as fake for submitting to the group rather than standing up for themselves It gave me INFP and said I was kind.For MBTI test population yes they are correct. For cognitive functions they are wrong. INFP 2w1 sp/so 259 tritypeOh yes all the time! 

Lately I have been going in-between INFP, ISFP and ISFJ. I'm stuck as I can easily point to Si and Ne both at decent levels. I think I'm stronger Si than Ne. I know for sure and everyone tells me that I am an Fi dom so ISFJ is ruled out. ISFP is a possibility due to mistaking Si for Se, but at the same time I can easily demonstrate Ne in my life. Considering ISFP has PoLR Ne that should be hard for me to do. 

It is all confusing and I don't ever feel sure about my type.ENFPs are kinda like ENTPs in that they will chase the infinite possibilities. 

INFP's Ne is filtered through their Fi. They are a lot more restrained in their usage of it. Of all the Ne types INFPs are the least outwardly Ne. I think INFPs show a lot more Si than INTPs and tend to end up with a lot of comfort sensory items. 

ENFPs on the other hand tend to be less restrained and more spontaneous. They are also more willing to take charge of the situation. INFPs might awkwardly take charge of something if there is nobody else to but they hate being the leader. ENFP doesn't mind the position from what I've seen. 01101000 01110100 01110100 01110000 01110011 00111010 00101111 00101111 01110000 01100001 01110011 01110100 01100101 01100010 01101001 01101110 00101110 01100011 01101111 01101101 00101111 00110111 01000111 00110010 01010001 01101110 01100110 01100111 01010001
Um.. invite expired?It is a mess but that is because i have dysgraphiaI doubt INTJs are more depressed than any other type. All types can suffer from major depression. I don't see why INTJs are specialI used to have a phobia for blood. I would pass out or go into shock at the sight of it. However, I've gotten blood draws enough that it only makes me nervous nowadays.

i'm terrified of roller coasters though.Did  you read what I said? I said INTJs are probably not more prone to depression than any other type. I'd like to see the proof that INTJs are more likely to experience depression. This page offers no proof.

In fact, [IxFP is most commonly found among depressed patients](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12516312). ISFP was the most common profile. In fact, that means that INTJ would be one of the least likely found profiles next to ENTJ being the least.

Of course, I don't take the study to heart. I think prevelence is mostly equal with extroverts suffering less often from depression. [Introverts suffer higher rates of depression and anxiety in general](https://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/201009/revenge-the-introvert).

I'm saying that INTJs are not more prone to depression any more than other introverts. Thus, INTJ depression doesn't exist and it is just normal depression like any other type. 

Hummingbird nectar from light of day tea. sooo good

No I would not because stealing is wrong in most casesBe empathetic and aware of the distance between you and the Fi user. Don't push yourself closer than the Fi person is comfortable with. Fi users are great at acting appropriately to the level of closeness and maintaining relationships. 

Also, don't be emotionally overbearing. ExFPs are an exception to this as they seem to do well with Fe themselves but IxFPs don't feel comfortable with high emotional expressiveness. Nothing turns off an IxFP than someone being overbearing. 

Also realize that if you violate a value held by an IxFP they will refuse to have anything to do with you. Some people call it Fi landmines. Secondary Fi doesn't seem to be as bad about this and intuitive high Fi users are likely to be forgiving. Sensing high Fi users are not at all likely to be forgiving and will carry a grudge.

Overall, just be aware of the feelings and beliefs of the other person and be respectful of them and you should be fine.That clears up a lot. Thank you! 

Also that chair example is right on. I have to follow step by step instructions to put things together[Here is a good article on introversion](https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/beautiful-minds/will-the-real-introverts-please-stand-up/). It even has a testI doubt INTJs are any smarter than any other type. The Dunning–Kruger effect is a hell of a drugId like proof that they have on average higher intelligence. In fact the research [disagrees](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.psytech.com/Content/Research/Intelligence-2009-08-11.pdf&amp;sa=U&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiO0pWGpPDTAhXBNiYKHf5mD7M4ChAWCA4wAQ&amp;sig2=oms-7XePyL4vYAfnisfLyQ&amp;usg=AFQjCNHEhPixFOANyNdaaA6szG4AgzvXqQ)

Technically the type most correlated with intelligence is INTP, not INTJ and only INTP because of slight relationship between thinking and low neruoticism. Otherwise there would be no relation between t/f. The only ones correlated more strongly are S/N and I/E.

So no. The research only supports that introverted intuitives are on average higher intelligence.Infp: im not as miserable as i lookIntroversion/extroversion is about a few things.

For one, introverts have a lowered positive affective. This means that introverts don't experience as many positive emotions throughout the day. That doesn't mean they feel more negative. That is tied to neuroticism. Instead they might not feel as much strong positive emotions like excitement or joy. Thus they appear more cold than extroverts

Extroverts are reward focused. They chase positive stimulation. They have a high amount of sensitivity to rewards in the environment.  This reward sensitivity pushes them to seek out social attention as it is a form of reward. 


Introverts also lack friendliness. This doesn't mean they are necessarily cold or hostile, but they don't reach out to others so they are perceived as distant and reserved. Extroverts make friends easily and it is easy for them to form close, intimate relationships.

Extroverts also like to speak out, take charge and direct the activities of others.

Introverts also have low gregariousness. This means that they don't find the company of others pleasantly stimulating. They avoid large crowds as it overwhelms them. They don't necessarily dislike being with people, but their privacy and time to themselves is much greater than extroverts.

There are downsides to extroversion however. The chasing of positive stimulation can leave less time for other things. It can be expensive sometimes. Also, sometimes reaching for social attention can backfire.

An ambivert is someone who scores in the middle with these things.

Note that social introverts exist. They just might have less friends to spend time with, are more distant, prefer low stimulating environments and are less cheerful. They can still enjoy time with other people and be energized by socialization. They just are more okay with solitary situations.
Overall telltale signs of extroversion is high enthusiasm and high assertiveness. It is related to my ennegram one. Be a good person and do what is good. This involves being helpful to others, being honest even when it hurts you, doing what feels right and be fair.dreamer, maverick, idealist

creative, expressive, diverse, individualistic, energetic, explorer

Tagline: an open-minded, sensitive, and creative person who values diversity and respects everyone's perspective, you are keen to explore life from all possible angles

infpI wouldn't say Fi is illogical at all. I think the idea that INFPs aren't logical is a huge contributor to mistypes.

Sure IxFPs and ExFJs both have 1D thinking functions but that doesn't mean the person is unable to reason. It just means that the person prioritizes their ethics in making decisions. Being able to use logic is a human thing, not a type thing. I'd say it is more linked to intelligence than anything. What thinking functions do is prioritizing logic when making decisions. I've met some thinkers who had a poor grasp on logic.

Speaking of feeling, Fe is the function that deals with emotional expression. ENFPs have strong Fe and express emotions a lot. INFPs feel deep emotions but they rarely display it and feel uncomfortable displaying their emotions. Fi is more about moral reasoning, interpersonal relationships and empathy.

Feeling functions are more related to value making than emotion based reasoning. I know an INFP with schizophrenia who has little emotion but yet still has strong values and moral reasoning.Limbic/Calm. Neuroticism is an important part of personalityINFP- Bondage, Masochism, Little, cum, power play, slave, ropes, furry, plushophilia and watersports.NFPs too.He was nice to me and we talked in private about his theory when I was identified as entp. When i later posted as an esfj he was completely hostile. I dont understand the difference. I feel bad for him as his hostility makes what is an interesting theory impossible to explore. I seriously wonder if he has a mental illness after talking in private though.Stargazer

Openness:86

Conscientiousness:2

Extraversion:0

Agreeableness: 50

neuroticism 99



Somewhat close to my big 5 results though my openness is lower and agreeableness is 99.

My type is INFP

Feeling /= emotions. It has to do with values/morality and relationships between individuals and the world around it. All types are human and humans have emotions. So yes, thinkers feel emotions just like feelers.

Futhermore, thinking may contain logic but is based upon internal logical frameworks and making decisions based upon logic rather than sentiment. All humans can be logical. Even a ESFJ or INFP who have inferior thinking can be perfectly logical without relying on their thinking functions.

People apply mbti to way too much and forget that we all experience the basic human experience.

I think there are a lot of mistyped feelers who are actually thinkers because people think emotional=feeler. Similarly there are mistyped thinkers who are feelers that have a basic grasp on logic. Your answers here have me stuck for you between ISFJ and ISFP. For one thing, you seem to be a results type rather than a process type. This would lead to ISFP. I don't know how much force  you can exert however. 

However, ISFJ is what I will go for as your answer to question number 2 is very Si. Your answer to number 3 shows that you don't really consider alternatives much so I would say low Ne. 

I don't really see much evidence for lead Ni. If you have ni it is likely to be teritary. Especially with question 6.

Re-reading this I can see a case for Fi as well. Especially with your morality question. It is kind of a sterotype that Fi users are all just pure subjective morality. What is true is that Fi morality is more stable vs. the chaotic nature of Fe morality. Fe morality tends to change based upon the people and moods surrounding the person.

So in the end I think it is up between ISFJ and ISFP. I lean towards ISFJ but ISFP is also a really strong choice.I wouldn't say being kind/empathetic towards others is an Fe thing at all. I'm quite Fi and i'm naturally empathetic and kind. No need for that to be a value (though it is for me as well). For me I just feel inclined to help others and I enjoy the feeling of doing a good thing.

If you don't feel like doing so it just isn't the kind of person you are. Not everyone has to be super helpful. Some people just have low altruism (a subset of agreeableness in big 5). 

My best friend is an ISFP and she is very empathetic and helpful towards others.

Do what feels right. If being kind and helpful feels like the right thing to do, do that. If it doesn't feel like it is worth it then you don't have to do it. When I played WoW for a bit I liked playing battlefield control mage. I also play healers a lot too. INFP: Probably electroswing and in general EDM. Though I'm very picky with the EDM I like.

I also like folk and classic rock.Benevolence - INFPNeutral Good or otherwise humane fits me quite well. I read Universalism and I also see that as about as importantA reflection of the sea, a pleasing color indeed. Soothing and cool is this blue tool.Actually INFP. But pretty close and I do consider my Si to be strong. I've considered ISFJ thoughTime blindness is a known problem in ADHD. I certainly can't tell the passing of time very wellI got FiNeSiTe (INFP). The last question was hard and I could tell was between ISFP and INFP. I went with the Ne question instead though as the Si portion of it seemed to be correct and Ne creativity worked as well.INFP: Nicotine for sure. I haven't tried many drugs but I love nicotine. I can't have it very often because it messes with my medications so I limit it to once every three weeks but it is my absolute favorite.I'm a schizophrenic and nicotine lowers my symptoms for a period after I smoke.

One of the symptoms is a lack of pleasure in my life so nicotine allows me to feel pleasure in a life without it. Anything that does that is instantly a favorite and it also has the bonus of giving me motivation when I normally lack motivation from symptoms of schizophrenia.

TL;DR I love it because it makes me feel better from schizophreniaI still haven't figured out my type and instead of asking about individual functions or pairs of functions trying the peppermint method? 

I'm pretty sure I'm on the Ne-Si axis at least as I can come up with examples of using both functions in my life easily

I'm open to the possibility of anything really. I have a suspicion that I'm an unhealthy Fi user as in general I'm not at the healthiest point in my life.

So here are the questions

**Q1: You and your friends are going on a road trip!**

**a. How you feeling?**


Hopeful. Usually vacations are a break from everything and I love seeing new things. Doing things I normally can't do and seeing places that are new to me is exciting. But the part about friends has me a little nervous.

**b. What are you looking forward to, if anything?**

I like keeping options open but I love seeing museums, I love trying out all the different restaurants and seeing different landmarks. If we are out in the country I love doing things like backpacking or day hikes as well. I also want to be able to take my camera to practice photography as I love capturing beautiful pictures. It isn't for memory sake but because I treat it as an artform and I love my creative arts

I also find that when you are in the area there are a ton of cool events going on and I look forward to them. There are festivals, broadway plays and concerts that go on locally and you don't always know until you get there. I mentioned museums and I love the contemporary art museums, the science museums and aquariums.

**c. What are you nervous or worried about, if anything?**

The car ride. Dealing with people for a long time makes me nervous. I get annoyed with people if I'm exposed to them for too long. It also can be boring. Luckily, I should  have books, video games, music and notebook for poetry to keep me occupied on the trip. As well as napping. Cars make me sleepy. I'm just worried that I might not be able to do anything I want to do because the group doesn't want to.  I'm also not a very talkative person outside of text.

**d. How do we prepare for this thing: what should we think about beforehand, and what should we leave to chance?**

I think I should grab a camera, supplies to keep me busy during the car ride and my backpacking equipment just in case the opportunity comes up. Plus plenty of money to be able to afford to do things.

Other than that I like to keep my options open and hate having a schedule of things to do. I hate planning and I like to make things up as I go. There are always a ton of cool things you can do on the fly and events that you might not have known to have existed. I trust my ability to come up with ideas for what to do on the fly. I usually have quite a few good ideas to pitch to the group of what to do in the moment and I have taken control of such when needed. I don't really worry about things as I can think on my feet well.

**e. What kind of problems might arise, and how should we find a solution?**

An argument. Especially about politics. I hate being involved and I don't represent my views more and tend to try to be neutral. I think the best thing is just to defuse the situation by talking about something else. There also might be an issue where a group member overspends and you have to account for that. It means adjusting what you do or how you engage things not to leave them out fully. Sometimes you really want to do something and the group hates it and you either have to  split up or just do what they want to do. You can either stay in contact and make up a plan of how to meet back up or just go along with others. Sometimes the first one isn't going to work out annoyingly.  Food poisoning can also happen and that might be an unfortunate delay or there could be weather problems. Nothing to really get yourself worked up for and worried about, but there are plenty of possibilities that you might need to change things up on the fly. I'm comfortable doing so and if things have to be changed I can usually make the best of the situation.

**Q2: Your friend or sibling wants you to meet their new significant other!**

**a. How do you feel about that, and why?**


Well, hopeful that they are the right person. I really want the people I care about to have happy lives and I would hope it would be someone who would be a positive influence in their life.


**b. What situation(s) would make you feel most comfortable, and what would make you feel most awkward?**

A situation that would be most comfortable is where everyone is having fun and the person seems like they are pretty cool. I can sometimes enjoy a good time out with people even though I don't do it often. An awkward situation would be an argument or if the person seemed abusive. I hate abusive people but I'm not confident to stand up. Though I'd say something in private.

**c. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally approve? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?**

I'd give my blessing as long as the person seemed like a good fit. It'd really be nice if they had some good goals and were a positive influence. If someone is being unhealthy I'm not going to like them. I care about the happiness and well being of people who matter to me. I'd like it if they were a nice person. Also it'd help if they had an interesting talent or a positive background.

**d. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally disapprove? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?**

Not very long. I can usually tell when someone is a bad influence by reading the hidden cues. I would be analyzing everything that said and if anything catches my attention i'd privately alert my friend/sibling to my concerns. But I'm not going to be pushy as it is their life. If they do anything abusive i'm going to disapprove immediately. Other than that I'm pretty chill and I will be forgiving if the person shows that it was a mistake.

If anything helps my ennegram is type 9 

Edited to remove extraneous words that were repeating and to make it more readable

Edit 2: I think INFP works pretty well for me and makes a lot of sense. 

It is kinda ironic considering the MBTI test I took years ago for a class that was done by a typologist gave me INFP but I got caught up in theory and thought it might have been a mistakeI've narrowed down my type to a dominant Fi as that fits how I make value judgments, express emotions and relate to the world. From my methods of empathy to my ability to relate to others as well as my focus on personal identity, Fi fits me very well.

I'm very introverted for one thing and I've been typed multiple times as INFP. I can relate well with many of them however a lot of stuff has been bothering me.

That is Ne. I can demonstrate what some call Ne but I find that just being creative. I can be creative and tangential easily and find it hard to focus. There are a few aspects that bother me. 

The main being that as a friend put it to me " You have a unique perspective. You are always focusing exactly on the moment". And it is true. I live in the moment. I have a long term goal but it doesn't bother me right now. I don't stress out about it. Nor do I care much about the past. I don't think much on the past really. It is just stuff that happened. I have memory problems and I don't recall enough of the past to care about it.

I'm highly impulsive and at times I act before I put full thoughts into the consequences to my own drawback. I like to work without a plan on the fly. Make things up as I go. I recognize routine is good for me but I have a hard time getting into one.

I'm pretty aware of what is going on around me but I can get lost in my own thoughts. So i'm pretty sure that is irrelevant.

So what is the difference between INFP and ISFP and how can I tell which one I am? Am I just an Ne user who doens't realize her Ne or am I Se?Just wondering as I feel like I'm more Se than Si but sometimes I wonder. I guess I still don't fully understand it as much as I would like to. 

Any help would be appreciated in understanding Si morePeople say it is biased towards intuitives but I got a sensor result (ISFP though im sure im an isfj now). Does anyone else get that?

[Here is an online copy of the official one. ](http://scottmunson.info/) It matches the official one i took for my developmental psychology class.

Edit: I got

Very Clear Introversion: 21/21

Moderate Sensing: 16/26

Moderate Feeling: 18/24

Very Clear Perceiving: 22/22
In my developmental psych class we took the offical MBTI and recieved a packet of papers related to your type (mine was ISFP). I thought this paper was funny

http://i.imgur.com/eBY83PT.jpgOut of curiosity

1. What is your type?

2. What do you prefer to take pictures with?

3. What is the primary content of your pictures. Is it yourself, other people, animals or of objects and scenery?

4. How many pictures do you take on a vacation?

5. Do you save your pictures and put them on in a frame or somewhere to look at? Do you send them to others to see? Do you just delete them? What do you do with the pictures after they are taken?

6. Do you consider yourself creative with your photography?
ISFP - Free spirit. I also was really low in all my rational skills, which just seems stereotypical tbh.I'd say Ice is INFJ, Westballz is ISTP, Mango is ENTP, Hungrybox is ESTJ, and Mew2King is INTP. These are the impressions that I get from talking to these guys, but I may be wrong.
This one is a bit of a range:

Harry Potter (series)

Diary of a Wimpy Kid (series)

Chronicles of Narnia (series)

Bartimaeus Trilogy (series)

Percy Jackson and the Olympians &amp; Heroes of Olympus (series)

The Warrior Heir (series)

The Hunger Games (series)

The Thief Lord

Dragon Rider

Holy Bible

Star Wars the Visual Dictionaries (collection)

Multiple Encyclopedias of Animals

The Spiderwick Chronicles (series)

Ender's Game

Artemis Fowl (series)

Cryptid Hunters (series)

Michael Phelps Autobiography

Gold in the Water

Multiple MLB team yearbooks and Magazines

Heat

The Big Field

The Batboy

Safe at Home

High School YearbooksYeah, I was also inclined to say ISTPPersonally, I never understood why Michael Phelps was ever typed as an extrovert. He always seemed to kind of be in his own world. I think there's even reports that when the Olympic team would go to a bar that he would have a room just to himself and a couple others, not interacting with the rest of the team. I also don't know where everyone is getting that he's an intuitive. He seems to be fairly sentimental in terms of motivation using past criticism to drive him. I believe he's an ISTJ although I may be off a letter or twoI'm an ISFP I think. I got skeptic.I honestly barely looked at your post history, but I think you're an INFP ;) The neckbeard definition? I'd say it's "INTJ", "INTP", "INFJ", and some "INFP's".

Notice the quotation marks. I would say that your "nice guy, who is not like other guys" is going to want to self-type as something that is rare or special. I think any type could be a "nice guy" though.Arizona State University- ESxPHi, I have spent awhile studying the different cognitive functions, I still can not fully understand the sensing and intuiting functions. Based on what I've seen, "Sensors" are shallow, and see things at face value. Intuitives, on the other hand are extremely crafty, creative, smart and think out side the box. Obviously, these are just stereotypes and I believe there should be more to what each functions strengths are

**Can anyone give a real life situation and describe how EACH dominant user of each type (Se, Si, Ne, Ni) would react to the given situation?**

I was also wondering if anyone could type me. I've posted twice on this subreddit, using different questionnaires. Th first time the general consensus was that I was an ISFP. And the second time, it was said that I was ENFP. Obviously those two types use very different functions in terms of the perceiving functions.

[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/45p90h/type_me_using_jsn2918s_questionnaire/) is the link to the first questionnaire I had taken and [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4dvf5n/type_me_type_me/) is the second questionnaire I took.

If it helps I am an Enneagram 4 and it seems that Fi is either my dominant or auxiliary function. But I am also open to other suggestions. I've heard that ISFP's are the "intuitive sensors" while ENFP's are the "most introverted extraverts". I think this may be why I have been getting things mixed up. I feel that I use my sensing function more than your average intuitive. But I also believe I use my intuitive function more than your average sensor. I have read the type descriptions and I relate more to ISFP (I could not really relate to the ENFP description) but I've also heard that most type descriptions are inaccurate.

To add on to the questionairres;

I believe I may be a **sensor** because I love doing active things. I'd much rather go to a fun party than be stuck in a "stimulating debate". I like to hike, swim, and just overall spend time with friends by doing fun things. School and learning was never fun for me, my favorite things to do was to not have to be forced to do things and do whatever I wanted, like play, or surf social media. Also, as evidenced above, I need a real life example for something to be explained to me. I learn by doing. Also, it looks like whenever someone is questioning whether they are an intuitive or a sensor, the answer is always sensor because that's more common.

On the other hand, I believe I may be **intuitive** because I envision all types of possibilities within my life. If I see that my friends are doing something unsafe, I cannot help but envision the worst that could happen. Sometimes I envision myself just dropping out of college and joining the Navy SEALS or becoming a top rated Air-force pilot, or something unrealistic such as that. If I see a cute girl across the room I envision myself just going up to her and imagining what that conversation may be like. When I watch movies like star wars, I imagine myself as one of the characters like maybe one of the jedi or one of the clone troopers fighting in the battle or just living life; imagining how I'd interact with the movie's situations or characters.Earlier, I said that I would rather be at doing something fun and physical rather than some random discussion. What I mean by that is that the *idea* of going to a party seems much better than an engaging debate. Obviously there may be some cases where I might find the debate more fun. And while I did say that learning was never fun for me, I should also mention that I was obsessed with learning things I wasn't required to know. I knew everything about comic books, or star wars, or my favorite sports teams and athletes. Learning about these things was fun for me. Finally I just find myself more-so introspective and lost in thought, even when I shouldn't be. In elementary school, I would often get into trouble for not paying attention.

Feel free to ask more questions if it can clarify what type I may be, Thank You!

 That's right here's another guess my type, based on my own experiences with the other types:

ISTJ: I think I know a couple of people that are ISTJ's.  They're pretty hardworking I guess, they definitely have everything together, so that's good. I don't think I'm too close with anyone of this type... 5/10

ISFJ: My mom is an ISFJ, like ISFJ, they seem to be on top of things, also very caring. Sometimes I butt heads with these types because they want things their way and I want things in my own way, in my own time. Although it is possible to see eye-to-eye 6/10

ESFJ: Very decent people. I think I can say that I usually get along with these types. Definitely very caring and friendly. Great at communicating to all different types of groups of people. 7.5/10 for me

ESTJ: Assholes. Just kidding (kind of). I feel like these are the type of people who will try and force others into making them believe that their way is right and *only* their way; and won't take no for an answer. I've also seen these types to be the gossipers, rude, and just overall moody people. Great at organizing people I guess... 2/10

INFJ: Honestly I'm not even sure how much I know about this type. It seems that these reddit subs have over-glorified this type so much that I can't even tell what's real. The couple people who I suspect are INFJ's are great people in person, but super annoying on social-media with their non-stop rants and sharing of different political opinions and agendas. 1/10 cause screw you for being different. Alright I'll be nice: 4/10

INFP: I'm pretty sure I've known more people who self-typed as this one than any other MBTI type. I feel like the type of person to be really into MBTI are the INFP's. I can get along OK with these types, but I think they're weird. As in, writing on social media they're vague love poems weird. I don't really have any close friends that are INFP's, just acquaintances and colleagues 5/10, average.

ENFJ: I think my Dad is an ENFJ. He is the only one that I have had a good experience with. All the other ENFJ's I know are, like the INFJ's, the type to voice their opinions out in the open for everyone to hear both on social media and in-person, or whenever given the chance. I know their heart is in the right place, but that doesn't mean I have to like you for it. They're also weird like the INFP's. 3/10

ENFP: Honestly great people. Nothing like the other NF's. I feel like this type consists of the sweetest, most-welcoming, and just overall nicest people I've ever met. They genuinely get to know you and will, in turn, try to get you to know them as well. 10/10

ISTP: I have a friend who is an ISTP I think. Everyone hates him cause they think he's an asshole. He is an asshole, but I think he's hilarious. ISTP's are pretty cool, that's all I've got really. 8.5/10

ISFP: ISFP's are cool people, I don't understand where this "deep, mysterious, artistic, edgy, hippie" stereotype comes from, at least in terms of interacting with others. ISFP's are usually smiling, happy, and sweet to others. They can be deep, but I also think they want to have fun just like anyone else. 10/10

ESFP: My very closest friends are ESxP's so I'm gonna be a little bias. ESFP's are fun people, maybe sometimes a little overwhelming, but I think I have had the most fun working with these people. They make everyone's day shine a little brighter. 10/10

ESTP: Like the ESFP, they make working fun and make your day shine brighter, I think the only difference is that they are a little more impersonal, just a tad more chill. The ESTP's I know are known by others to be "assholes" but I'm pretty good friends with them and enjoy their company. 9/10

INTJ: I know a lot of people who claim to be INTJ's because they want to sound like badasses, but I think I can only think of one person who was actually an INTJ, and I wasn't even that close to him. From what I recall, he came up with many thoughtful ideas and plans, but they also weren't practical. He was very absorbed into his own opinions from what I recall. However, the only reason I know this was because I had to read one of his essay. Other than that he was completely quiet, with no friends, not very social. 4/10, I think I could use more than just one person to base my opinion off of for this type.

INTP: whenever I see this type, I think of one of my relatives. Extremely smart guy, the only one in my family with a Doctorate's degree. But he's also the type of person who might be so oblivious to his surroundings that he forgets to tie his shoes, or something silly like that. Actually, come to think of it, I think one of my classmates was an INTP too. Somehow he had great class grades, but he was the worst lab partner that I ever had. He could get the work done, but he worked way too slow to be efficient. We were always the last ones out of class. There were days I wanted to strangle him (not really). 4.5/10

ENTJ: Sort of like the ESTJ, but more witty. I've observed that they will naturally assume a leadership rule, so they can be alright in that sense, although I've also experienced the same rudeness as the ESTJ when they don't get their way. I'm not really friends with any ENTJ's. 3/10

ENTP: I had never met an ENTP until I went to college. My closest friend was a natural ENTP and we would always get into long conversations about what was going on in our life and what we had experienced. Occasionally we'd also talk about different theories and what we were researching. Before I met this guy I would have rated ENTP's a 2/10, but now I say 8/10.
Agreed.

I'm 100% sure I'm ISFP and am about to start hunting for a web developer job after teaching myself over nearly the last 2 years. I find it very fascinating and can be a very hands-on-trade.

It's not my dream job however. If I had started making music at a younger age, I'd try and do that as a profession instead. But programming is still something I really enjoy doing and much more practical at this stage than trying to break into a career in music. I'm actually working on building a music-related app right now.

Never let your type determine what you can and can't do. Being Fi-dom if you really spark an interest in something, that motivation can be a force.Nope 100% ISFP.Anyone spends 2 years doing something daily and they'll get better at it.This is pretty much a precise description of me:

https://dhrm.utah.gov/wp-content/uploads/ISFP.pdfThe description is based off the functions.

Anyways, back to my day!I try to be a little more objective. When I experience something and my feelings start striking based on what's going on, I stop to check myself.

This was a tough lesson to learn when it came to criticism and thinking everything was a personal attack.Logical-Mathematical.

I learn best hands-on/through experience though. When programming, learning math, physics, etc. I learn best when examples are given.I just saw this post. If you're happy, go for it, who cares about mbti. Base it around personal experiences (as personal experiences together). Basing the whole decision around mbti is not a great foundation.

One thing I've learned: don't put happiness in the future because you'll never reach it. Meaning, you'll be too busy waiting for things to be perfect in order to be happy rather than being happy right there.

Another thing I've learned: life is unpredictable with highs and lows. That's not a bad thing, it's just life. 

Seriously, if you love her who cares about what some system says. Love &gt; mbti. Love is built and enhanced around hardships overcome together.
Hi, fellow ISFP here. Here are my questions:

What are your values?

What is your love language? 

Are you also lost inside your own thoughts and payed little attention to the outside world?

Do you also have these images in your head that just forms from nowhere? 

And lastly, how do you improve our inferior function, our Te? 

Thanks.Art schools. I've met some fellow ISFPs when I entered art school. &gt; Yes I'm constantly wrapped up in my vast inner world. Honestly I feel all ISFP's imaginations are so vivid. I think that's why a lot of us are artists. We crave a medium to express and capture what is going on in our heads. It's so rich and beautiful in my head but I try not to dwell there because I literally start going crazy if I'm in my head too often.

Yeah I think it's like a double-edged sword for us. For me it's beautiful yet absurd and horrifying sometimes and because of that it's very hard for me to focus because my head is everywhere. 

&gt;As far as improving Te- I try to act like my mom (ENFJ) by making to do lists and setting timers to carry of the tasks I've listed. I watch motivational videos and listen to motivation podcasts all the time too. However, for our type I've found the greatest period of growth is when we are out in the world experiencing reality in real time. If that makes sense. Basically forcing myself to be an extrovert and go out in the world instead of dwelling in my head is when I have matured the most. It gives me so much clarity.

Thanks I will try to do this also. &gt;Their totem animal is the owl, not because they’re wise, but because hipsters have a thing for owls.

[Because...](http://a.memegen.com/HXS5K1.gif)

*kthnxbye*&gt;I don't see the point in introducing my ISFP to MBTI and asking them to try and understand all of this -- it's just not their thing.

There's no harm in trying though to introduce MBTI on your ISFP. If she feels misunderstood maybe she'll like to know that someone understands her. Just give it a try. Hilarious!
It seems pretty accurate to me. My mind (and body) are not cooperating with reason. Omfg I died. 

[I'll](https://scontent.fmnl4-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10389177_10203582178458967_8382807413872533178_n.jpg?oh=17b345497cef12e903a2fdf8948c67c2&amp;oe=57CDB440) [share](https://scontent.fmnl4-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/1621984_10201635756679639_446329736_n.jpg?oh=75ccf6e5827ac4e5c978d729f7366105&amp;oe=57DEDCF7) [some](https://scontent.fmnl4-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/297342_2393769956340_760991794_n.jpg?oh=653f7f20882e16dc8162ed0548ffd411&amp;oe=57D333D9)Oh, Thank You :3ISFP

I have no interest in current TV shows. (Er, sounds like hipster shit.) But I'm less picky when it comes to movies.
Honestly, I feel like the world is drifting away from me, I don't know why. But it doesn't bother me if I'm being left behind. 

TV shows that I like: The Twilight Zone (My fave), Neon Genesis Evangelion, Seventeen Moments of Spring, The X Files, Black Adder, MacGyver, Batman (TV and the Animated Series), Dog of Flanders

Some Movies: Anything by Studio Ghibli (Grave of the Fireflies and Spirited Away are my fave), Any historical and WWI &amp; WWII movies, Any classic movies, Battle Royale, The Dark Knight Trilogy, Back to the Future Trilogy, Primer, We Need To Talk About Kevin, Carol, Rurouni Kenshin, The Little Prince, The Land Before TimeYou can't fix your relationship all by yourself. It requires two people to make it work. If she shows no interest in fixing your relationship, then it's over.

And believe me not all ISFPs are like her. Any MBTI type could be like that if they are unhealthy, in my opinion. I know some ISFPs who are verbally direct when it comes to their emotions. &gt; But being ISFP is not reason for immaturity IMO.

Thank You very much for saying this. What are your conclusions for You to say that? So, are You saying that ISFPs are lower/simpler version of INFPs because of being "pseudo-artistic" and "wanting to feel special?" That makes for You to think that INFPs are the "true artists," and "special snowflakes."I clicked Metal and A parody religion but aren't included. :-/ I've got a feeling You're an ISFP because on what You've said on ISFJ. And besides, who gives 10/10 rate on ISFPs? Lmao. I kid. Animator, Musician, Winemaker, PsychologistYay!I was the quiet one.

That fit me like a glove.ISFJs

They are the most kind, humble,  and nurturing people I know yet they still don't get the respect and appreciation they deserve. Ikr. And they're so sweet that it hurts my teeth. So lame ewwLol sometimes I wait for them to say to my face "you're a douchebag!" but they don't. Damn ISFJs 

I'm so amused on the downvotes we get. They are so hardworking I wish them to chill out sometimes. Artists seems cliché to me because everyone is an artist. Anyone can be a dick when they're unhealthy. There's an ISFP I know that I would like to kick his nuts so hard to show him how much of an asshole he is. Be careful what You wish for. It's difficult being an ISFP. Siouxsie Sioux, Siouxsie Sioux, and Siouxsie SiouxHey thanks mate! I've already upvoted You but those squares still keeps on downvoting. Ugh

EDIT: Upvoted your discussions to make it up to You in some way. 

EDIT 2: Okay You did not get any karma for it. What a bummer! I'll just upvote your comments though. 
[How to Type Someone](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6rzdODmcL64lr6bvyU-AQCiBuiWiVGJg)

[Functions and Attitudes: Updated](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6rzdODmcL66pL1zaP1SULSpt5o7jguKV)

All credit goes to Michael Pierce."This video is not available."
Maybe that means my mind is not working as well. I just like a small house because I just don't like to clean a large  house. I hate cleaning. It feels like a never-ending process. I want to have a house near the beach.

I would like to have gargoyles, angels, statues on the architecture and have a terrace. In the backyard there's a large oak tree with spiral staircase around it and on top of it is a lighthouse. Inside the oak tree will be my haven where I can meditate. Backyard will also have lots of trees where I can hang dolls. I would also like to have vineyard for winemaking. 

I would like to have a room where I can work, ham shack, music room, living room without TV. (Turntable will do.) A kitchen with dining area, bathroom, a mini library, guest room, and my bedroom (of course.)
On the interior, some walls are color white and are mounted of plaster masks of human faces and cherubs and different bass reliefs. Some have abstract wall paintings, and sculptures that erects in the corner of a room. Floors are wood and some rooms have wall-to-wall carpet. Lights and ceilings are industrial while furnitures are a mix of industrial and 50's furnitures. Accent chairs have only 2 feet and I would like to have an electric chair. Attached to the ceiling is Vladimir Tatlin's Letatlin. 

ISFP FemaleISFP

I like the music that is similar to my values and beliefs, unpredictable, unique, emotional, and unpretentious.

I like Gothic, Metal, Punk, Post-Punk, Experimental, Avant-garde, No Wave, Indie, Classical, Songs about war(anti-war/wartime), Outsider music, Protest songs.
Crunkcore is the genre I hate the most. 

There are so many bands/singers that I like. I'll just mention whoever comes to my mind: Siouxsie and the Banshees, Bauhaus, Joy Division, The Raincoats, Virgin Prunes, Iggy Pop, Metallica, David Bowie, Patti Smith, Swans, Mazzy Star, Chrome, Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, Scratch Acid, Cabaret Voltaire, Marine Girls, Nico, Kraftwerk, Laura Logic, Wire, Vera Lynn, Billie Holiday, Asin, Leadbelly, Exodus, The Field Mice, John Lennon, The Doors, Pete Seeger, The Tiger Lillies, Tchaikovsky, Vivaldi, Shostakovich, Klaus Nomi, The Red Army Choir, Daniel Jonhston, Executive Slacks, The Velvet Underground, Testament. Okay I need to stop because this will go on forever.Thank You! :)
I forgot to add an observatory on rooftop and to spray the whole house a nanotech that repels dirt so it doesn't need cleaning. So lazy wtf. Haha.
By the way, You didn't mention your dream house. May I know what's your dream house? :)With Ne dom/aux. I would like to know what's on their minds. It seems interesting. ISFP (IAUMP)

It doesn't match. Dumb + Failure +  Ashamed + Useless = DecayingCan't help it, mate... because it's true. Definitely NT types. 

Though I found this graph on Psychopathfree that shows the types of abuse survivors that ESFP is the lowest on graph while INFJ is the highest. But I think it's not accurate because mistyping happens a lot in the MBTI world. 

https://www.psychopathfree.com/threads/personality-type-thread-part-2.2724/

Edit: Forgot to include ST types.As an ISFP, I can relate mostly on what you've said. Have You checked this one out? 

Playlist: Functions and Attitudes: Updated 

https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6rzdODmcL66pL1zaP1SULSpt5o7jguKVAnd to also recognize the red flags so that You can avoid psychopaths altogether. It can help You understand your functions so I recommend for You to check it out. ISFP World

No work, all play. &gt; SFPs can be intimidating though, they always seem wayyyy too cool for me. ESFPs not as much, but ISFPs definitely

Aw I don't know why we are intimidated to each other. :( I find INTJs intimidating because they are so intelligent and cool and I'm dumb. 
But please don't get intimidated. I don't find myself cool so it's alright. -Have my thoughts and shit organized.

-Express myself clearly in both writing and speaking. I feel so frustrated and stupid every time I struggle to express myself to make people understand me better and somehow make me feel appreciated by them. 

-Discipline 

-Learn to trust myself - This is the hardest thing to do. I don't think that your social skill issues are your problem. Your rude behavior and the way You think are your problems. People are trying to help You but You despise what they're saying. Dude, don't ask for help if You won't listen. We're not being rude. We're just saying what's true. 
And oh, just a tip: You need to change your thinking, which allows you to change your behavior. That's all. Oh, why am I not surprised?I rise from the grave just to say that you're very beautiful. ☺️You seem like a pretty cool guy. I've noticed that the ISFPs who posted here have dreamy, detached, soft look on their faces. Indeed. And very observant... scanning and noticing all the details that some people won't notice. Dreamy yet grounded at the same time. ISFPs are known for their artistic abilities. 
Having said that, being artistic and creative is not limited to the ISFP type. All types have artistic abilities and can be very good at different types of art or depending on how you define "art." We are all creative and artistic in our own ways. 

Out of curiosity, what are the other things that ISFPs do aside from being "the artist/aesthete?" 

What is it that defines ISFPs? How ISFPs define themselves?

And what do other types think and notice about ISFPs?  

I don't think sharing a little bit of myself will help break the stereotypes that surrounds the ISFPs but I'll do anyway as a starter.

I honestly think that being myself is difficult. I'm an aloof, anxious, selfish, mired in self-pity type of person (surprise, surprise). I'm a frustrated artist who works in government and stuck in a job that I don't find meaningful. 
I sincerely want to know other people's inner world, what makes them tick, what are their values, their struggles, their dreams. But my uneasiness around people, my inability to articulate, and being out of place prevents me from doing so. Hence, I don't feel connected, understood, and appreciated by people. 
I also have this intense sensitivity on the inside. At times it can be more stressful, exhausting, and depressing from being affected by emotions of others and taking in and processing too much information from both inner and outer worlds. 
I'm still struggling to find meaning in my life and wondering where my life is heading. I'm still scared about not finding myself - my true self, or just being who I wanna be. But my struggles also taught me how to expand my self-worth and identity beyond just what I do or what we call as "job titles." 

I apologize to ISFPs for what I've said about myself that it doesn't do anything to uplift our type.Dude, that whole thing you posted, you've just copy paste it from an article of idrlabs.com. 👇
https://www.idrlabs.com/articles/2012/10/bob-dylan-isfp-or-infp/It's only copy pasta.

https://www.idrlabs.com/articles/2012/10/bob-dylan-isfp-or-infp/Indeed.To be honest if I could only magically learn Fe I would love to have it rather than Fi. And Ne as well. I'm jealous of your Ne.I feel loved. Thank you.Thank you for your kind words. 
Whenever I'm with ESFJs they always made me feel welcomed and accommodated with their optimistic and joyful outlook on life. ESFJs are very nurturing just like the ISFJs that it made me realized how self-centered and foolish I am.I apologize for our Fi it can be very selfish sometimes.Thank you. And so are INFPs.Ah simple pleasures - the most extraordinary and brings great happiness, indeed. 

How I loved to take part in sports too but sadly I'm not athletically gifted. 

Thanks for sharing. We have a lot in common I must say.Of course. It's only for the lulz.Hello from the other side (of the world) 🍻
I'm an Fi user and I don't think I feel emotions like that. Whaaaat is with this whole trend of taking anything even remotely insulting said about INFJs and shifting it to both ISFJs and INFPs? Holy shit people do this so much it's gotten to the point where I'm surprised if I don't see it. 

Anyways OP, while I do think INFJs have this self important air about them, this whole thing sounds way more Fi than anything else. That wouldn't be a good enough reason to doubt a type in the first place. Oversensitivity doesn't rule out INFJs at all. I was touching on this whole "false perception" thing. If the negative qualities keep getting shifted to other types, that wouldn't stop people from having a false perception of INFJs. All it would do is drive them further from INFPs/ISFJs because they don't want to be associated with a type that is commonly called "oversensitive" or "irrational". Because who wants to identify with that? 

&gt; Would it be insulting if a bunch people were talking about about how insanely reliable INTJs were and someone mentioned that it's more of an ISTJ quality than an INTJ one?

I didn't say the act itself was insulting, I said that the things that get shifted to INFPs/ISFJs are never anything complimentary. Various sites put ENFJ rarer than both INTPs and INFPs. So yes, there are a smaller number of ENFJs apparently.

ENFJs are around 2%, INTPs 3%, INFPs 4%. ~~sounds like a fucking nightmare IMHO would not recommend~~

It could work. INFPs and INFJs tend to have common hobbies and interests so I can't imagine not having a lot to talk about with each other. And if you have two mature people who are willing to work through their difficulties, really any relationship could work regardless of type. 

It also could end up terrible. I've found that my platonic relationships with INFJs hit their breaking point when we realize how different we actually are(and we share zero functions, and Fe annoys me.). As I said though,  if you're willing to work through the differences and difficult times everything will be fine.  ESFP? ummmmmmmmm did you not see my comment?

&gt; ESFP? 

its *the definition* of deadset~~i c it but~~

Ok then ENFP. You Ne dom, you.FFG is back? ~~why~~ Yeyyy.Some annoying guy(or multiple people, i don't know the "lore" all too well) who trolls [a lot](https://www.reddit.com/r/sensor/comments/3gmoy4/petition_to_bring_back_fatalfuryguy/) and every time he gets banned he deletes his old account and makes a new one. (FFG, _FFG, FFGtheRevenge, this one, etc). I've always thought FFG and americansniperpanda were the same person. I never knew the whole situation and frankly i don't want to know because it sounds like a mess. Yea I was followed around by him for a little bit last month or so until he got banned, then he got mad at the mods and followed them around instead. I fully plan on ignoring him.I'm just gonna guess for now and fine-tune the guess as more information comes in. 

I believe you are a Pi-dom, so I don't think you're an INFP. I'd guess IXTJ ( it fits enneagram-wise as well), with a lean towards ISTJ for that Si-Ne axis.

So I refreshed and saw your questions so i'll be looking at that:

- Q1: Lots of inferior Ne with that anxiety over unknown future outcomes. "Parenting your friends" sounds kind of SJ as well as well as all the planning.

- Q2: Sounds like some introverted analytical behavior. Hard to really say if its Ji or Pi. It doesn't *not* sound like Si or Ni so I'm gonna chalk that one up as Si.

What I would do first is read that post by /u/BlueOtterSocks that sitting on the top of r/mbti and see if any of that resonates. If not, I'd look more into INTJ.

I'm still thinkin XNFP or ESFP.Ok, now *this* sounds ~~like me~~ reeealy INFP. Everything you've written here is pretty much confirms an XSTJ or an XNFP typing. I know you said you didn't relate to the ISTJ one at all, but a lot of things you typed here are touched in that post. I'm guessing that's because INFPs and ISTJs share the exact same functions. 

&gt; ISTJ sounds a lot more how I get when I'm stressed.

Ok now I'm pretty sure you're an INFP. I made a post a while back about how INFPs look like a poor man's version of an ISTJ when they're stressed.

&gt; my appreciation of efficiency tends to kick into overdrive

Inferior Te.

&gt; things have to feel right. I don't see any point in going against the flow just for the sake of it, and actually find that incredibly annoying, but when I believe it's the right thing to do then there's no stopping me. ("Stubborn" and "passionate" are two of the most consistent descriptors of me from both myself and friends/family.) 

Lots o' Fi here. Definitely dom.

&gt; I think that's possibly Si and Ne?

100% Ne-Si axis in the auxiliary-tertiary position. 

The thing that's stopping me from being fully content with this INFP typing is this enneagram stuff. I've seen 9w1 for INFPs, but never 1w2. It fits ISTJ so perfectly. You're first paragraph sounds like high Si as well. And your first post sounded so ISTJ. It's definitely one of the two. Either an ISTJ or an INFP who's developed their lower functions really well.

I also want to know what cognitive function tests you took so I can tell people not to go there because there's not a hint of Ni(besides "gut feeling", which isn't just an Ni thing) or Ti in your answers.
Wow three irrelevant posts from you. You're entering troll territory. Can't you guys agree to disagree and move on? Or PM each other with this shit. Or even better, stop wasting your time with a loser who is bringing you down to his level.  Aren't you better than this? How does it relate to MBTI? You're reaching and you know it. 

But fine,  I'll pretend that this has nothing to do with your feud with he-who-shall-not-be-named. I mean, you're obviously over it... It's not like you mentioned that guy in this very thread or anything. &gt; in the end of the sweet flavor left you with this bitter-ish aftertaste.

A little too real. :(I think the majority of people like their own typing thread instead of a shared one. Maybe limit the type me threads to just the three day weekend? &gt; Bet they make a separate thread anyway.

You're right, but people would make a separate thread regardless of there being an "official typing thread" as well. As I said, most people prefer their own threads. No matter the way there's gonna be separate threads..unless the mods wanna do something about it.Sounds like an ISTP friend of mine. Especially this:

&gt; bit of a loner, but liked sports.

He was actually our star basketball player, but he didn't really like all the attention that title was giving him. Super popular introvert. All the teachers loved him as well since both his parents taught there. The loved wasn't returned because he has an immense hatred of the American school system. I didn't like him at first because I thought he was cocky. 

Side Note: I want to point out that I didn't read the part about this being your father at first so I was wondering why you were so chill with this guy swapping spit with your mom. 

I'm fine with whatever, I'm just pointing out the fact that this sub will still be cluttered with type me posts since most people would prefer their own separate one. I'm fine with a sticky, but if you're suggesting it as a solution to the type me thread problem then I think it'd be ineffective. I don't really know but when I do this,  I attribute it to some sort of Fi-Si phenomenon. Other people call it "oversensitivity" in INFPs. Not that it has any emotional ties. I'd call it "being judicious". 

For example: The phrase **Wow, you look really nice today!** actually has several meanings when said to me. 

- I look really nice today or

- I look really nice today, as opposed to every other day where I look like shit. Because I can't dress myself. or

- I look legitimately horrible, and someone tried to point it out without being rude. "...Wow. You look um...really nice today *cringe" 

And it bothers me because I don't know what they mean, and therefore do not know how I should feel. And in looking for the actual meaning I end up muddling everything by being overly detailed. 

The point is,  Fi-Si is a very good at sniffing out hidden agendas. In your story, Fi would question why the question was even asked in the first place since it's implications are uncomfortable, while Si would remind myself that I am not with someone who has creepy history or fits the bill of a predator or whatever. 

Seeing as INFPs and ISTPs share no functions,  it might be an introverted judging sort of thing to over question implications. hey now, I consider myself a chill personYep

Edit: No one who knows me would ever call me rational, but they also wouldn't call me emotional. It'd be out of character if I acted turbulent in any way. Sounds like you just don't know your type. 

It's also a little insulting that INFPs are somehow bottom tier. It also confirms my theory that people view INFPs as a lesser INFJ, which is disappointing. 

Putting my personal bitterness aside for a second, I'm pretty sure everyone has their own ideal type. For instance, if you want to be very logical and authoritative your ideal type might be an EXTJ. If you want to explore, enjoy life,  and bring a positive change in the world you would idealize EXFPs.  Ideals are different than reality, however, and your "best self" might turn out not to be the type you've idealized after all.  How so? I wanna know. :( in general. 

:( for comparing INFPs to INFJs

I did want to point out two things that I feel are somewhat incorrect (although I know you said they we anecdotal): 

&gt; 16 year old INFPs are the SJWs that reddit seems to be filled with.

I completely agree that these people are high Fi, but I'm pretty sure that the majority of them are ENFPs (and another good percentage are ESFPs and INFPs). 

&gt; INFPs seem to be the type that imposes the limits on ideas.

This one seems out of the ordinary for Fi, since it's the function that imbraces autonomous beliefs. 

I've always wanted to make a thread asking people who don't seem to get along with INFPs to explain their reasoning, but I don't trust this sub not to turn it into INFP bashing with a bunch of inaccurate statements. If you or anyone else ever has more things to say about INFPs let me know. ~~because I love when people talk about me~~
I actually decided my family's type recently, took me a while but i think this is it.

- Mother- ISFJ

- Father- INTP

- Sibling 1- INFJ

- Sibling 2- ISFP

- Me- INFP

All that introversion :))

Lets see, A feeler and a thinker make 3 additional feelers. A J and a P make 2 Ps and a J. A sensor and a intuitive make a sensor and two inutitives. Both parents have Ne-Si, only one child does. Both parents have Ti-Fe, only one child does.Quiet everything. My mom is probably the most social. That ISFP kid is so quiet no one even knows when he's home or not. I'm confused, why am I picking things? I'll go with cameraman.OK so do you see any reasons why others would label these types as manipulative? That's interesting. You think ESXJs have more manipulative  tendencies? I mean I only have my own personal experience with ENTPs to refute that, but the ENTPs I have come across are manipulative af. Just goes to show that you cant always rely on those things. Thx for the insight. Most ppl say ENTP, an Ne dom. Why would you think that? That actually could be itr00dI don't think ur INFJ. My perfect reasoning: I don't dislike you, so you're probably not an INFJ. 

Prob INTP&gt; Convince me what type I am

Uhhh, yes you are? I don't know if this is exactly what you're getting at, but I have noticed that Se users seem more...mature? Like INFJs and ISFPs always seemed more well put together than the average INFP. But Idk, when you look at ISTJs and ESTPs,  it's the ESTP that gives more of a childlike aura than the ISTJ. o shit you're right. Idk what I was thinking...it must be my inferior feeler brain. :((Wats ursYour post is biased as fuck though. &gt; What I wonder is if the peer group that the majority of redditors share would score higher in openness and thus have a higher chance at testing as intuitive.

That's what I'm thinking. 

I tried to see if these numbers were outdated, and it kind of was?? Apparently it comes from a pool of other data dating back to 1972, so it may be a generational thing. 

And there's [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4lh5as/sjs_value_tradition/d3n9lyn) from /u/BlueOtterSocks about SJs that makes me wonder if the way people typed SJs was flawed from the very beginning. The SJs are apparently the most common, but maybe the data overstates how many SJs there actually are due to incorrect assumptions.Have you read any data on population in other areas? There was this study I was glancing through yesterday on MBTI population in Europe and I think ISFPs were the smallest group. ISFP? Maybe...probably. I take this back if it turns out I'm wrong. 

This is obviously one of the introverted feelers. Its not INFP or you wouldve done something about your flair. It's not the other intuitive type (INFJ), because this description really beats in the sensor/practical aspect. It could be ISFJ, but then the whole "neglect to plan" thing kind of ruins that. 

ISFP, however, makes sense. I'm gonna go ahead and say it: Fi is probably the most introspective function. And ISFPs lead with that. Its also function that causes a lot of indecision. This is me:

&gt; This need for balance and harmony may mean, however, that ____s put off a decision until the decision is made for them.

 You could see the whole neglecting matters as inferior Te as well. I'm tired so thats it lol. ISFP



I hate driving and I'm bad at it. You have to pay attention or it could cost you your life, which is stressful. Im a dreamer, so it's hard for me to stay focused for long periods of time. I do love long car rides...as long as I'm not the driver. Watching the scenery, listening to music with your eyes closed, reading a good book, all these things you can't do in the driver's seat. 

I don't have a road range problem,  but people do frustrate me at times. Music at all times, silence makes me daydream. I like my music as loud as possible, unless I'm off the highway. I'm too good looking to get tickets. INFP

Edited for more infoProb EXFPYou know, I'm pleasantly surprised that the INFP one has nothing to do with crying or whining.

Also: 

&gt; relationships with INFPs end typically because of imagined slights, or the realization that nothing you’ve said for the last fourteen months have even been processed by their brains. If you leave, it might take them up to three weeks to notice, had you been living together.

Nice.whyFor me there is. The pain feels good though :')I don't like or care about Onision to say I know his personality, but I think its obvious that he's a low Fi user. Like, Fe in any position wouldn't act like this asshat does lol. 

Personally, I would've went with XNTJ(prob INTJ). He just acts like every edgy INTJ teen I have ever met. ~~Except he's like 30, so its just sad~~

- He loves Death Note 
- He says rude things on the regular and pretends he's being "real". 
- Has a very "everyone else is attention-seeking/sheeple" attitude.
- He has relationship problems
- His [twitter avatar picture](https://twitter.com/Onision)
- Anti-religious to an annoying extent
- Probably loves Linkin Park/Makes AMVs with linkin Park songs (this one isn't confirmed)

I could see ESTJ though (i guess), but that's too close to my personality to accept that answer. I kind of feel bad for the ESTJs out there, but I guess every type needs their evil representative. INFJs have Hitler, and ESTJs can have Onision.

Eh, I doubt it. This blog's typings are always a hit or a miss for me.Yea as I said, I don't really know enough about Onision to make a definite typing. I didn't even watch the video before I posted my comment. 

I did end up checking the video, and Te dom seems more likely. (but i did say XNTJ). So I would go with ENTJ or ESTJ now. I don't see low Se in him either, but I also don't see low Ne. Probably because I haven't watched him enough(and I don't plan on it). 

It was slightly a joke when I said that I don't accept ESTJ as his typing because its close to mine. I just don't want my Delta fam to be associated with him, you know? I just really hope he's not XSTJ. 

And I'm ~~the real OG~~ an INFP.Someone's gotta take him!You've talked to the person about this, right? 

What you're describing isn't really an N vs S problem. The first two can apply to both INFPs and ISFPs. The second one sounds very Fe vs Fi as well. The last two seem like personal problems. 

&gt;  I'm wondering if this is usual for these types

Probably not, you've only dated one. No he's not. Don't do this to meHe is an INFP and I won't hear otherwise!  *covers ears*

(ISTJ is possible, and INFPs are basically ISTJs) 

THAT'S FINE, WE CAN AGREE TO DISAGREE. HOPE YOU'RE HAVING A GOOD DAY. Overall? With a preference for comic and cartoon Pete. The last movie's Parker was definitely ISFP. (Not Holland, but Garfield.)Lol it doesn't. I've just never met an edgy/agnsty teen INTJ that didn't absolutely love Death Note or Linkin Park. I think Death Note is a very INTJ anime (very Ni-Fi "the world sucks and I want to change it"), but Linkin Park is probably just what any edgy teen listens to regardless of type. 

Like, you know when you could just look at someone and know they would really like Death Note? That's what NTJs (and Onision) look like. Obviously there are exceptions, but with the little I know of Onision I can't really see any. Nope not joking.

&gt; The two types couldn't be more different.

This is hyperbolic and you know it. Name seventeen differences that "couldn't be more different"~~I'm gonna need 16 more.~~
~~Also, dating an ISTJ? lucky.~~

&gt; Seems like the function order matters a whole lot.

Sure sure, but INFPs and ISTJs both have a better handle on Si than they do Te and Fi better than Ne. 

Here's where I'm coming from. It was 3/4ths of joke. Obviously, they're different. They are different types that share a total of one letter together. If you put me next to an ISTJ you would probably be able to tell which one is which just by body language. BUT. There is enough overlap for these two types to be considered similar. 

I mean, my major is filled with ISTJs and INFPs. The major requires objectivity, not really the place for Fi. Yet here INFPs are. I have a friend in another major which Fi-Ne would do great in. Filled with ISTJs and INFPs. Things can be taught and improved on. It becomes a matter of perspective at that point(or a "what came first?" type of scenario). And sometimes its hard to tell.









&gt; Well online you usually see lead Fi users have custom flairs. ESPECIALLY INFP.

What? Custom flairs? Nonsense.ISTP? &gt;:(I'm pretty sure liking someone because of one thing is shallow, but that doesn't mean that is negative. Nor does it need justification.

&gt; IMO I don't think SFJ's and NF's deserve physical beauty.

Good thing you don't run the world amirite? I don't know where I'd be w/o my massive good looks. You feel it's necessary to justify why you like something? That's gonna require  the media to have a complete change in values. 

Seems easier to just not care what other people think. People are shallow at times,  the media will have to get over it. Uhhh this isn't a type thing. I don't see why STJ would come to mind, but it sounds like your talking about a specific person so maybe you're just confusing common STJ qualities with not liking drama. 

When it comes to what they mean...do you really not know?  It's pretty obvious. 

"I don't like drama" means that the person does not like drama. Or they pretend that they don't like drama to appear like they're above it all.  Or they constantly start drama. That's really it. This is interesting, because it's like you already know the answers to your questions, but you don't want to say it yourself. 

&gt; It's definitely a type thing, since I hear it from many folks, on occasion.

OK, that makes it a thing that people do. Not an STJ thing. 

&gt; It's clearly a preference for how folks express what they want. 

This is another interesting thing. Do you already know the answers to your own question? 

&gt; And since no one ever likes painful stuff (unpleasant, angry, scary situations) it seems unlikely that they mean the general negative kind of drama.

Wait, why does it seem unlikely? Are they not allowed to say something if it's something everyone feels? Or if it's something obvious?  

Would you find It weird if I said "I want a stress free life"? 

&gt; So it's got to be something specific that they are talking about.

Something specific? 

Like a...minefield? Damn. I thought it would be a good opportunity to shift that minefield stereotype from the INFPs. 

But the volcano makes sense. INFJs are the gunnysackers. 
&gt; What? I mean, I'm asking if it's STJ. I'm not saying it IS.

Yea, I got that. You asked, and I'm telling you its not. I'm an INFP, and I don't like drama. As I said, its just a people thing. And even the title of this post leaves some questions. Are they just stating that they don't like drama, or is the wording of your title intended? If they are "complaining" does it mean they're whining about it? If they "like to complain" does that mean they do it often?  It's commonly known that the "rule of thumb"(so to speak) is that if a person constantly talks about starting drama, then they are usually the ones who start it and/or actively participate in it.

I mean, you even said something similar: 

&gt; Yeah, we sort of know that what people tend to complain about in others is what they dislike about in themselves 



&gt; Because that would imply that you think that some individuals want a life full of stress...

Isn't that just an assumption on your part? Maybe there was no implication. "I want a stress free life" might just mean "I want a stress free life". People say obvious things all the time. And lets assume that the implication was that other people want stress-filled lives, isn't that somewhat true? Some people don't mind a little stress in their lives. Think investment banking, or police work, or firefighters.&gt; In reality I don't care as much about the evidence as I should and it just becomes ammo and ways to make me feel justified. I tend to not care about learning about the entirety of a system and only about the parts that are important to me.

Hey, same! :')
&gt;  There is a huge difference between someone who is short and someone who goes our of their way to tell others that they are short. 

What is that huge difference? And how much effort do you think it  takes to say "I'm short"? You're not going out of your way. I don't understand why people saying obvious things is a big deal. You've never heard someone say "Ugh it's raining" when its clear everyone already knows that? People just *do* things like that. Maybe its to start conversation.  Human behavior and all that jazz. You keep asking why, but why not?

&gt; less realistic and more delicate, so something like an ISxJ

Why would sensors be less realistic than intuitives? Also, ISXJ? Not STJ? Are you sure you don't have a specific person in mind?

&gt;  Maybe these explicitly "please be drama-free to me" declarers are saying this for some other reason. 

Maybe they don't like conflict. That leans towards the F types I guess. 

My whole thing is, being able to figure out what type *says* this is going to be impossible. Since it's not a thing only the SJs do or a thing only the NTs don't do or whatever. Every type is capable of this behavior.From my understanding, Fi doesn't like Fe because they seem weak in their own personal beliefs. As in, the Fe user would have morals that are easily influenced by the popular belief instead of what the individual believes to be true.

So an INFP would probably be much more of hardass about their beliefs if you were to try and debate them. 

I also believe that debating with INFJ SJWs would be like little mini boss battles that are easily beaten  and lead up to the real ~~frustrating~~ challenging NFP SJW final boss whose special power is their stubborn will.Downvotes or not, this is actually the answer.

Fi is an introverted judging function. Which means it believes that that things like ethics and morals should be found by the individual themselves. Why would it then try to force its own beliefs onto other people? That's like anti-Fi. It will protect its own beliefs(and be completely stubborn about it. Try arguing with an INFP, they will not budge), but telling others that they have to believe what they believe is not the Fi way.

&gt; No way in hell should a primary Ni user have beliefs that are influenced by popular opinion.

What about Ni are you basing this on? 

Just to be clear here, I did say this was from Fi's perspective didn't I? You know, this part: 

&gt; Fi doesn't like Fe because they seem weak in their own personal beliefs. As in, the Fe user would have morals that are easily influenced by the popular belief instead of what the individual believes to be true.

I wholeheartedly disagree with you if you're saying that it'd be easier to argue with an Fi-dom than an Fe-dom.

This is actually one big set-up to try to weed out the people who actually liked Cars.Maybe you're confusing feeling with sociability? I know there are a lot of studies that say females are more sociable than males. Also, women are more encouraged to show emotion than men are, so it may be "rare"  to see a female who lacks social skills enough to come off cold and unfeeling. 

For example, I know a female ENTJ, and she's really nice to people and shows her emotions often. I know a male ENTJ who's more cold and "business-like". They are both clear Te-doms. 

Not to get too deep into double standards, but women who are more direct or cold are not as well accepted in society. (A guy who acts like that is "cool", but if a girl does it she's a bitch). On the same vein, guys who are warmer and wear their emotions on their sleeves are pussies, but it's fine if a girl does that. 

Ok then, it could be possible that your life just doesn't reflect the actual statistics. It's not that hard to believe that less than half of women are thinkers. 40-60 seems like a good split. 30-70 seems a little big.

&gt; It's a lot less than that.

This is just anectdotal though, am I right?&gt; i have been surrounded by women all my life

This doesn't prove anything though. Are you a girl?So it shouldn't be surprising that I'm questioning your rationality right now, right? After all, not only are you female, you are a feeler. 

If you are wary of stereotypes, you shouldn't easily accept "women are irrational". Maybe you only know irrational women, but that's just you. You can't just take your own experiences and say they're universal.  ~~Hey!~~

I honestly see that more with INFJs in my life. Like, my first thought is INFJ. Same with girls who say "I only hang out with boys cuz its less drama". Even in this subreddit, the ones that say "I'm way more logical than those other feelers" are the INFJs. That doesn't necessarily mean anything though, that's just my experiences.

I do definitely believe all those fictional stories about the unpopular (but pretty and smart and awesome) girls who somehow end up with the popular boy because she's "special" are most appealing to INFPs. INFPs love being special and they have overactive imaginations. Although I don't actually think they'd say that they're "not like other girls". They just think they're rare.

I'm pretty sure this is just a thing immature people do, so its hard to pinpoint it to a type. Now that you mention it though, it does sound like a very tertiary F thing to do. &gt; You can't just take your own experiences and say they're universal. Wait a second...this sub calls INFPs stubborn all the time, and now all of a sudden its an INFJ thing? 

~~What a surprise~~&gt;:(well of course they areIdk man I just think the reasoning might be weak. 

"Why is he an ISTP?" "Oh I don't know,  I just feel like he is. " 

How long does it take you to type someone in real life? Do you think you could type someone fairly accurately based on body language or how they carry themselves?  Like if there were two people in a room and I told you one of them was an ISFJ and the other was an ENFP, do you think people would be able to tell just based on vibes? &gt; then there should be some objective reason that you both feel this way.

That's what I believe, but I can't think of anything that actually explains our reasoning. Maybe it's something unconscious? I mean...sure. This was more of a comment on this sub's inability to differentiate between INFPs and INFJs. And those same people will act like the only reason INFPs get mistyped as INFJs is because INFPs secretly want to be "rare and awesome". 


I mean, the only real difference between this thread and other threads calling INFPs stubborn is the way it's worded.  INFPs are illogical, unable to listen to reason, and blind to reality (the bad stubborn) while INFJs are just "overprotective of their ideals" or some shit(the good stubborn). 

We'll have multiple threads where INFPs are pictured as irrational people who randomly blow up for no reason at all,  but for the INFJs it'll be worded in a way where this quality is mentioned in a complimentary way. 

I didn't used to care about the way this sub paints INFPs as "worse INFJs"  but if we couple that with the fact that a good percentage of this sub will turn around and blame INFJ mistypes on some inherent fault in INFPs instead of their inability to correctly differentiate the two types, then I start getting annoyed.  

&gt; INFPs are stubborn and don't listen. INFJs are also stubborn, but they're the good kind of stubborn. 

So I've just decided to call this sub out on its shit everytime I see it happening. And I'll do it by being petty. Not my experience at all. I'm fine with high Fi-users, and they're usually real easy for me to talk to. Especially INFPs(or maybe that's just my over inflated ego talking). I never get bored talking to them. My ride-or-die is an ESFP, and we instantly clicked. I tend to like Fi users more than Fe users.&gt; That's not how a healthy ISFP would work. 

Or any healthy type. Wow, the vote manipulation right here is real. But I wasn't even talking to you. You're not even the OP, why would you think this was about you? Did you get your multiple accounts mixed up and accidentally replied with the wrong one? 

I get it, it's hard to keep up with so many accounts. So I say there's vote manipulation in this thread, and you reply:

&gt; it is really irritating that anyone who speaks positively about sensors becoming grouped with /r/sensor, trolls

Do you see how irrelevant that is? I didn't even say they were trolls. What I am saying is that the OP used their multiple accounts to create a thread where it looks like people are agreeing with them, when in reality, its just them upvoting their own comments. Which is pathetic and annoying. 

Also, don't pretend like this sub doesn't call out intuitive bias. Find me a thread where people openly talk shit about sensors and no one corrects their sorry ass.


Oh I can't watch sports on TV, ESPN bores me to tears lol. So does conversations about player stats and all that. I don't get the appeal of fantasy football.

Basketball was really popular at my high school, and though you couldn't pay me to join the team, I loved cheering in the audience. I liked the yelling, the food, the excitement, and the general unity you feel with the people rooting for the same team. I feel like if I'm not experiencing everything myself and in person, its not fun. Tickets to a sports game would be a fine date for me.

IME, the N-S divide holds up here. The sensors I know really get into it, while the initiatives range from mild interest to straight up intolerance. 

&gt; Could the N/S difference contribute to the differing interests here

I think it *could*, but at the same time I wouldn't be surprised if an Se or Si dom didn't like sports.&gt; Here's one:

That's not shit talking? And it's downvoted. But fine, there's one. The point being [people on this sub regularly call out bias.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4nx5gz/stop_this_antisj_bias/)

&gt; To think I had a good opinion about INFPs and didn't understand why people hated you guys.

Let it be known: I really don't care about your view on INFPs, I'm not their spokesman. Hate them all you want.

&gt; I'm not defending OP but just stating things I see which is (a) there are sensors on here, (b) intuitive bias sucks and should be eliminated, and (c) vote manipulation exists.

Once again, how is that relevant to my post? You're just stating obvious things. I didn't say it was vote manipulation because they were wrong, I'm saying its vote manipulation because its vote manipulation. You telling me that other people manipulate votes doesn't change what I said. I don't get how your point is even somewhat relative to me.Ugh OK. I said there's vote manipulation,  you said you don't like intuitive bias. Since we are having two different conversations, I'll leave. I'm trying to to binge watch teen titans and this "conversation" is killing the vibes. 

&gt; You, with your dominant Fi, think it's about you when it's not. 

[K.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4oqe63/everything_makes_sense_to_me_but_i_cant_make/d4f3x66) 


I'm really sorry,  I thought that because you commented on my post, you were talking to me. That's my mistake. Now,  that I think about it, it makes perfect sense.  You know us INFPs are so [insert basic-ass insult here].  Not unlike those sensors you talk about so much (but not to me, of course).  Are there any other descriptions for these houses? Besides the tiny one they give at the end of the quiz? I know the regular(?) houses each have like certain personality traits.

Anyway, I got Pukwudgie (which lol at this name compared to [thunder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46ODcj51Tmk)bird):

&gt; Named by James Steward, after the fiercely independent magical creature the Pukwudgie; Pukwudgie house is sometimes considered to represent the heart of a witch or wizard. It is also said that Pukwudgie favours healers.I don't expect the descriptions to describe my own personal bias, so its strange to me. I'm the one who's supposed to think Se is too much, not the descriptions lol&gt; Seems fishy to me

How? "Fishy" and "Weird" wouldn't be words I use to describe it.

So first off, I just checked the post, nothing was at zero? And when I checked it before the only thing that was at zero was the lenny face. What post was at zero?

Secondly, there were eleven comments, and three of them were yours. Five of them were main(?) comments. Two out of those five people didn't answer your question. One has the most upvotes, and one is currently at four. Now, personally, I can't see how you would consider the top commenter's post rude but the other guy I can see. 

So by "people" you really mean at most two people. Probably one. Instead of making an entire post to call out 2(?) people, why don't you just PM them with your concerns? It could be possible that they didn't mean any offense. This seems a bit petty.No, but now that I think about it, TMZ-exclusive is obviously one of the regulars here. ~~I'd make sense if it was you, but not what i was saying.~~

TMZ said that they looked down on comments that talk shit and linked to the (now deleted) comment. My point was that they're a fucking hypocrite. 

Because saying this(which is what the deleted comment said, maybe even verbatim):

&gt; *"it's exactly that simple."* Oh you sensors

is the same as this:

&gt; You, with your dominant Fi, think it's about you when it's not. 

I could've said that they have no right to act high and mighty when they do the same shit that they're complaining about, but I was busy.


Don't blame this on Fi.You're acting like you can't talk to Fi users rationally. Fi is a rational function. The idea that you cannot talk to Fi users logically without them rejecting it is not an inherent Fi thing. It's an unhealthy thing. People who refuse to listen to reason are unhealthy. 

There's a difference between preferring to make decisions on ethics instead of logic (regular Fi) and outright refusing any sort of logic by using invalidation tactics (you).*criesYou're sporting two different things here. If "Fi values" are not easily changed, how is it possible that you are blindly siding with someone? Shouldn't you not be easily swayed?It doesn't depend on anything. Both Ti and Fi (and Te and Fe) are rational functions by title. That's not gonna change.I know why you did it, but you would probably get more results if you change the settings so that people wouldn't be required to sign in.This thread is a mess. 

Ok, you keep saying this so I'm gonna ask. What are Fi values? Every type has values. Values are not only for Fi users, so why Fi values as opposed to "my values"?Aw don't go with ISFP! You were one of the few people here that really *got* INFPs :'''(Other people here will probably tell you you're wrong so I don't need to. Instead, I'm just gonna post your comment history because its funny out of context.

&gt; More sensitive, much bigger and fuller erections 

&gt; What was your flatline experience like and how long did it last&gt; ENFP masterace bub

I don't understand this comment even a little bit You called someone a troll for not taking your side and blamed Fi for your own inability to take in logical viewpoints. As if a regular Fi-dom would just ignore all logic. Which is not correct. 

Is this thread just a rant? I don't really understand what you were looking for here. I mean, who here is gonna side with that? "You should be mad at your brother for not blindly agreeing with everything you say. He shouldn't have his own thoughts!" 

It seems so obvious that no one would take OP's side, so maybe ulterior motive? Like they were just bored and needed a conversation? I'm not cuddly on the outside. Depends on what you mean. 

The EXTPs I've come in contact with are *so* ready to fight. Like everything in life is a competition to them. Looove arguing. And they love to push. In that sense, EXTPs can't let things go.

If you're talking about people who just hold grudges, I'd go with IXFJs. My sister still gets back at me for things I did to her when I was twelve. Total gunnysackers.I'll show you my dead puppy if you show me yours.*shrugOooooh someone already called them that. I swear I didn't see it until after!I'm from the US.

I called INFJs gunnysackers earlier in the week too. Maybe it stuck? ~~Because it's true.~~I really hope you're an INFP with a huge ego.No, it'd just be my humor if you gave your own type 100/10. So I hope thats the caseTHIS IS THE THREAD FOR ME:)))) Well: 

Hamilton definitely is an ENTJ. Others have typed him as ENTP, but I believe that's incorrect. He's a visionary leader who walks the walk and talks the talk. Extroverted, organized, cocky, ambitious, stubborn, hardworking, impatient, inspiring. Te+Ni seems obvious, and he even has that inferior Fi paranoia. I don't really see how he could be seen as an Ne-dom or Si-inferior. 

Angelica is a bit harder for me. I think it's clear she's extroverted, but she always seemed like a thinker to me? She has sapiosexual tendencies. It's a common theme for her to look for intelligence in a person before other things. (*"I'm looking for a mind at work"* in her first song, later on when she meets Hamilton the first thing she comments on is his "intelligent eyes", after they exchange a few words she says *"So this is what it feels like to match wits
with someone at your level... "*) Hamilton also confides in her and values her advice. It's implied that they're attracted to each other, and a lot of that attraction is caused by their interest in each other's intellect. But that's not to say that feelers can't be attracted to intellect. I am pretty confident that Angelica is an Ne-dom, but I don't know which one I buy more for her so my answer for her would be ENXP. 

Burr is my favorite :). He's also a little hard to type(~~but I feel very strongly about what I think he is!~~). I have two types that I think he could be, but no one else seems to type him as my choices. First off, I don't really see Burr as an introvert. I mean I understand the whole "Talk Less, Smile More" thing, but he's not saying that because he's introverted. He's saying that as a guy who knows how to get ahead. I don't think its farfetched to see Burr as similar to Hamilton. They both seem to be party people and womanizers. The conflict between the two of them span from years of slight differences in principles so I think they are way more similar than people think. I do think Burr is an SJ though. He shares all those guardian traits. So. I think Burr is an ESXJ. I would type him as ESTJ. ESFJ would also make sense, if you see Burr as the villain from the very beginning. I think it was a slow process that finally came to head when he sang "The Room Where It Happens". I could talk about Burr for hours but this is getting long lol. I'm not a music or art INFP, but I sure do looove films and musicals. I could go on and on.:'(

You seem Fi though?Yea I thought the Angelica paragraph was getting too long,  so I  just ended with what type I  thought she was without much explanation. Sorry. The paragraph was just me saying that determining whether she's a feeler or thinker is really hard since she seems to value intelligence so highly. 

When I wake up in a couple hours I'll explain why I think she's an Ne dom. Happy Fourth! (I meant to reply, but I was busy yesterday). 

I still don’t see introversion. I mean patience isn’t really an introvert thing. I do see caution, but I attribute that to him being an SJ (or more accurately, low Pe function). Burr is suuuuuch a schmoozer (like literally every ESTJ I know), and that is low Fi. He has trouble doing something he believes is morally right because there is no guarantee that this will help him reach his goals(Te overpowering Fi). He is cautious, and unwilling to take sides until he knows each decision’s consequences. He is also completely willing to side with something he disagrees with to get ahead. Most of the reasons Hamilton is considered an extrovert can apply to Burr since they do the same things. Like their attitudes at parties and the playboy/flirt tendencies. Burr is also described as approachable, and he did openly campaign (which was not necessary, since open campaigns weren’t even a practice back then.  It was a tactic to exaggerate a quality he actually possesses. He needed to solidify other’s perception of him as the “friendly, approachable guy”). Even when Hamilton admitted that Burr was a better lawyer, it wasn’t because he’s patient. It was because Burr has the ability to be efficient in his words, while also being persuasive. That smooth talking ability is very ESTJ. I think the STJ is pretty prominent. Good lawyer skills, good tactical ability (he became a lieutenant colonel after all), good conversationalist, then there’s the line in Wait For It: “I am the one thing in life I can control”. Ok!

The Ne comes from the first song she’s in. Angelica sees the world in terms of potentiality and is very optimistic about where things are headed. She says she’s described as intense because of her ideals and her ideas for future progress. Her line “You want a revolution? I want a revelation” attests to that. And it’s immediately followed by a declaration for women’s rights. Which seems very Ne+Fi. (You could also see similarities in our modern day social justice folks, which are stereotypically NFPs. Think tumblr.)
Adding to what I said in a previous comment, she obviously values her intellect and is very confident in it. She also shares a lot of the same traits Hamilton does, like his ambition, confidence, and charm. Hamilton also notices these similarities and call them out, explicitly saying that she is like him. 
I can see other types for her, especially since I didn’t mention her ability to get a good read on people quickly, but *shrugs. I am getting convinced that she’s probably an Fi user.

Jefferson(my second favorite) is probably ESTP. Flashy, confident, but intelligent and independent. Not wanting the government to be able to control so much of his actions is one of the driving forces of his dislike of Hamilton, since Hamilton's ideas would put more power in the government's hands. The second one being the fact that Hamilton came from nothing and yet he's acting and dressing like he's someone important(his words...well...not verbatim). He has no problem taking Hamilton head on, and is pretty confrontational.

 Elizabeth I assume is ISFJ. She has a quieter, sweeter personality compared to everyone else. Her ideals are in direct conflict with Hamilton's. She wants things to stay the way they are, while Hamilton is way to ambitious for his own good (he says he's never satisfied, while Elizabeth has a song titled "That would be enough".)Hey, same!

Well, not really. I just think coffee is gross and while I've never been drunk, I do like the taste of most alcoholic drinks. I just refuse to ever get drunk.- ~Rare~~™™

- The Internet has nothing bad to say about them. 

The two most romanticized types IMO are INFJs and ENTPs. The INFJs are a good middle type. Even though they're feelers,  they're not dumb like those other feelers. They're too complex for normal people.  They understand everyone,  but no one understands them. 

ENTPs are smart and confident. They're funny too. And attractive. Everyone who has these qualities cannot be any other type besides ENTP. ESTP? Nope. ESTJ? Of course not. 

That's why ENTPxINFJ works so well. Two perfect people together. I was cool B).

I wasn't in any clique, really. I talked to everyone. I used to stand when I ate in the cafeteria because I moved from table to table to talk with everyone. I wasn't popular, but everyone knew who I was. The drawback to this is that I didn't have any close friends. Just people I talked to.Haha. You know, if I answer these questions it'll make me seem (and feel) way less cool. I omitted these things for a reason, dawg! (Also, *Ms.*) 

&gt; How big was the school? How long did you know this group of people? 

...maybe 170 people total. K-12. I got there in fifth grade. There were ten kids in my graduating class. You're right about there being an interesting bond, my graduating class is like a second family. 

&gt; What's a close friend in your opinion? 

Someone who I feel comfortable opening up to? Share secrets with and all that. I was loosely labeled as the class clown, and I feared no one would like me if I wasn't "on"  all the time. I'm a frequent crier, but I never cried in front of them. I don't think it's anyone's fault but my own, they probably would've accepted me if I let them in.  

Or even the little things, like having someone who would pick you first in gym class solely because they want to hang with you and not because of your athletic ability. I always got picked relatively quick (since I'm a decent athlete), but I was the safe pick. People never minded my company...they might have even enjoyed it, but they never really sought it out. 


I understood that I was well liked, and I did get along with everyone there, but I wasn't close with anybody. I needed more time. By the time I started to open up a little bit, it was senior year(whoops). A lot of that is my fault for keeping everyone at a distance. Even now, I get seriously touched whenever someone from high school wants to hang out. I’ll do all of them since I’m hella bored.

1)

- F: ENTJ

- M: ESFJ

- K: ISTP

2) 

- F: ENFP

- M: INTP

- K: ISFJ

3) ~~this ones hard cuz I don’t really like any of these types~~

- F: ESTP

- M: ENTP

- K: INFJ

4)

- F: INFP

- M: ISTJ

- K: INTJ

5)

- F: ESFP

- M: ESTJ

- K: ENFJ

6)

- F: ISFP

- M: INTJ

- K: ESTP

7) 

- F: ENFJ

- M: ESTJ

- K: ENTP

8)

- F: INFP

- M: ESFP

- K: INFJ

9) 

- F: ENTJ

- M: ISTJ

- K: INTP

10) 

- F: ISTP

- M: INTJ

- K: ENFP

11) 

- F: ENTP

- M: ESFJ

- K: ISFP

12) 

- F: ESTP

- M: INFP

- K: ISFJ
...With kindness? &gt; If you're the INFP F or M always

*Oh stop it, you.~*

I've noticed though...You kill the delta quadra members almost everytime. Do you get along least with the people who share zero functions with you? Do the socionics relationship descriptions resonate with you? (Like, dual or conflict, etc)&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3

I feel bad though, the two I got called on were the hardest for me. At least we had one passionate night together before I had to end all you ISFPs.INFP...

While I do try to listen to everything, my favorite genre would probably be alternative R&amp;B/soulection-type music. Music with dope synths and smooth beats.

That would include people like Goldlink, Frank Ocean, Banks, and Tinashe (all of whom I adore).

Fuck no. Give. Me. Back. My. Custom. Flair. Why would you want to learn stereotypes in the first place? They don't really help in the long run and you'll end up having to unlearn things. Conversations that shouldn't be happening in the first place since plenty of times they are filled with inaccuracies. So why bother? :(

Legit upsetDo you? I think "The Alphas" for Alpha is pretty good. ;)/ouch You understand me. 
ESTP, ESFP, ESFJ, and, ENTP are the good ones. There's something fundamentally different with ISFPs because you don't get along with them?Ok. What's your type?Well this is r/mbti so I was probably talking about your mbti type.maybe cause you dont share any functions so in comparison to *your* thought process, there is something fundamentally different.yea thats a good oneAnything else about you?I have no real issue being an INFP. There are weakness,  but I feel that if I didn't choose INFP, I'd be losing a very important part of who I am. ~~and its objectively the best type~~

If I had to choose, Maybe ISTJ? I love them, and they are the solution to all my perceived weaknesses. Or just one of the thinkers, really. Just so I can have arguments with people on r/mbti without them automatically assuming that I'm getting emotional or "butthurt". Ya, it does. Maybe you're over thinking? People keep saying IXFJ, so what's wrong with that? Pi seems to be a good choice for you. 

&gt;  I feel as though I don't fit in on any of the MBTI subs. 

That's not a bad thing. 

&gt; I'll just go flairless for now. 

it'S NOT LIKE THE FLAIRS HERE ARE GOOD ANYWAYS. 

An Ni or Si domNi+Fewell i'll see you next thread, i guess

Response Edit: It does that sometimes"Intuitives are so open-minded and intelligent. We understand things with such nuance and refuse to just accept random beliefs without proper research. 








an lol snsors ar der werst"People constantly asked to be typed in this sub. Suggest a sensor(either high Si or Se since that is what sensors are), and many of those people will disagree using some flimsy reasoning they read somewhere("I'm not [insert insult] so I can't be a sensor"). And someone on this sub will have to correct them. If that didn't happen so often, we wouldn't need it to be repeated.Misinformation will be corrected. The less misinformation, the less posts correcting it. If the "insults" are incorrect, someone will say something.~~I know the word polymath from Hamilton :)~~

I would go with the high Pe-Ti users. So ESTP, ISTP, INTP, and ENTP.Is that what you think I'm doing? Most people are just assigning chess pieces to personality types. *shrug* This thread isn't bashing intuitives as much as you think it is. Super weeb/nerdy answer but Chiaki from SDR2(spoilers everywhere if you look her up) is totes INFP, Sam from Danny Phantom is ESFP, and Max from Life is Strange is ISFP.

I'll edit this if I can think of characters more people would know (since these characters aren't super popular)I thought you were an ISFJ. What happened to that? Are we doing this across all your accounts or just this one? As opposed to what?

&gt; Max is geeky, quite introverted and slightly self-conscious, particularly when it comes to her photography. According to herself, she rather likes to observe the world around her than actually participate in it; that's why several students including Juliet think she wouldn't really care for others. But on the contrary, she makes a genuine effort to show kindness to all of Blackwell's students. She's a clear, deductive thinker, smart and sneaky, but practical, reasonable, and mature for her age

You wanna name that account? You know, just for fun.ENTJ X INFP is the power couple tho. I just wanted to know the name of the second account. You don't get on it anymore so whats the problem? You don't have to share it if you don't want to. This is just for funzies.

Also: 

&gt; It was my first time on Reddit and I didn't understand how it worked.

Usually when people don't know how reddit works they mess up on formatting things. Like accidentally bolding something. How do you accidentally make another account?You obviously don't want to share it, which is fine I guess. I just wanted to know the name of the other one. Since you're not gonna share it I guess I'm done here :(

&gt; I said I thought it was normal for the Reddit user to have several because you can easily switch from each account. 

You actually didnt say that. ~~And that still wouldnt make sense but w/e~~ 


Really ignoring the important part aren't you?

You obviously don't want to share it, which is fine I guess. I just wanted to know the name of the other one. Since you're not gonna share it I guess I'm done here :(People kept on getting my type wrong so I had to :'''( 

And the INFP flair is so boring :(. I didn't even have the chance to say goodbye to my custom flair before it was torn away.&gt; As opposed to most things really if we're using that description as a basis.

I guess I was asking "Do you think she's an INFP?"Yep, but I can't exactly say it without hard proof so I'll just say that "past" is a weird word to use since things are obviously still going on.Eh,  I'm not gonna stirr up drama. It already looks like I'm just harassing the poor guy.  As long as the message is clear to good ol' OP,  I'm fine. 

&gt; I just see a Redditor really happy to shitpost around.

And that is A-OK. I guess it depends though. I roll my eyes anytime someone tells me to stop doing something because *"What will people think?"* But I do feel shame at times,  just never embarrassment. *more* drama :) 

If things get weird around here, I'll probably be more direct, but until then...  *zips lip*. &gt; I was just looking through each types individual subreddit

Well. There's the first problem.&gt; Do you typically pay attention to how you're feeling, and how other people are feeling, the emotions on their face and in their gestures?

Yes and no. I am constantly aware of how I'm feeling constantly, but I am unable to relate to other people's feelings without removing them from the scenario and putting myself in. Then I assume that people feel the way I *would* in that scenario and the the rest of my assumptions become based on my own hypothetical feelings regardless of your body language. 

*"Getting dragged to the club by your SO is the worst! You're smiling in all these pictures from last night, but I know the truth. You actually hated it. You must be so mad right now."*

&gt; Do you express the feelings that you have through your body language? Do you hide them? Is it 'natural' to you, or learned?

I'm defective. I really have to strain to get emotion to show. If I smile normally, it barely looks like anything, so I have to fake smile a lot. When I'm around people, I "over-act", smiling super wide and acting super peppy and bouncy. Turns out, it looks normal to other people. 

Stop bullying me!This seems characteristic of Fi-Te, but it's hard to tell the the order or position of those functions. I think you can rule out INFJ. I'm not seeing much overlap...it's almost like this is all arbitrary and not needed...@mods.You still don't know my type? But I thought INFJs were the stubborn ones? &gt; But no, really, where is that from? 

This subreddit. For a while,  everyone was all "INFPs are really stubborn"  and then it switched to "INFJs are really stubborn".  I have my own opinion on which is more stubborn(and it agrees with yours tbh), but I don't know what opinion r/mbti has on this debate today. Well you've activated my trap card. Who is "they"  in this sentence? INFJs? Unhealthy INFJs?  This is really important. I would assume that all unhealthy types have a problem with listening to other people. No one really knows what "unhealthy" means so I'm just wondering. 
&gt; What do you all think each type will mostly vote for?

A lot of people just vote for the same party no matter what, so if you look at data that shows each type's political leanings you should be able to get a half decent idea of which types will be voting for Clinton or Trump. This election is weird though, so who knows. I actually came here to type this You didn't like the answers you got in the first thread so you made a new thread with the same topic? 

&gt; So many celebrities are intuitive not sensor.

Celebrities? Not just singers? In any case I'm sure there are lots of singers/celebrities who are intuitives. I don't see why that wouldn't be the case. I don't know how you tell from the look in their eyes, but whatever. [This isn't you?](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4vvh8s/is_kanye_west_xnfj/)  From not even 24 hours ago? Its not really a "new"  topic considering it's talking about the same thing. It's fine though. You're allowed to. Why don't you just delete the thread? You're the OP. 

Im just respectfully pointing out that you're getting close to beating a dead horse. Lots of people don't think Kanye is an intuitive. That doesn't mean that they think every celebrity is an intuitive. Np. 

Edit: Wait no not this threadSays the one who's obsessed with Ni&gt; No Fi-Te will be very bad at programming.

Homeboy just said he could program. I can program too and I'm an INFP. Your statement just isn't true. Ti is probably the best for programming, but that doesn't mean the other functions absolutely suck at it. You should like Fi more. It's the coool function B). Hey now, plenty of Fi users like ESTPs! ISFPs amirite? Yea I don't know for sure, but I think ESTJ was the general consensus for her. &gt; TK hates INFPs?

Probably not, but jokes exist. 

&gt; Individual differences - like a person's goals, values, hopes, insecurities, political leanings, passions, psychological health/habits, etc - are infinitely more important in personal interactions than the structural aspects of cognition that MBTI attempts to describe.

I agree! ~~y'all are evvviiilll~~ 

You know, just some fundamental differences. ;) I like and get along with most ESTJs, but I don't believe that we complete each other or whatever. I don't obsess over my dual,  Flux.  I'm more into ISTJs myself. That's the
 real dream team. 

I also don't think ESTJs are necessarily the opposites of INFPs, they aren't some foreign beings, they just have different interests and values. I understand where they're coming from 80% of the time. And I really do value their advice. 

Comparing that to INFJs, who are people who share similar lifestyles and interests as me...I cannot understand why they do the things they do and they can't understand me. That's why most relationships that I have with INFJs are on a superficial level. 

Can you just skip over functions like that? I'm skeptical since INFJs love pretending that they're more logical than they actually are. 

The other thing tho...I don't doubt that you get along with INTJ.  Maybe I would if I was an INTJ but alas,  I'm an INFP.  

~~nothing to do with this comment,  but every time I type in "I'm an INFP",  my phone wants to correct it to "I'm an idiot",  and it's really funny to me.~~I'd love to see someone try to convince me that ESTPs and INFPs are perfect for each other. Of course,  I've pictured it before but those daydreams seems to always end with the ESTP slamming the door to our one bedroom apartment while I cry in front of a mirror, dignity shattered.  Strange. 

I would totally be into duality if ISTJs didn't exist. Because ISTJs... *fans self*

Activation seems to be the dream team for a lot of types at least in my opinion. They get to share their attitudes while improving on each other. So if I were to completely miss the point of types and start "shipping"  them together it would go:

ESTP + ENFJ
INTP + ISFJ
INFP + ISTJ
yada yada you get the point. For my needs, I'd rather be with introvert. Not really a fan of ~~ESTPs~~ flashy people. Is there any source for that? I've only really read things on duality. We just had a thread on this? And what are we gonna do?  Ban them? Ban all mentions Enneagram, big five, etc? Can this sub handle heavy moderation? Are we banning misinformation?  

Anyways I don't really have a problem with it.  I mostly see people using socionics terminology rather than actually ascribing to the theory. Anything else tho is excessive.  So what do you suggest? What new approach are you suggesting? Asking people somewhat nicely was an approach already used just yesterday. Don't get why we needed another one. 

&gt; Accurate information is always better than misinformation

Well yea. But misinformation is always on this sub, and the majority of it isn't from socionics. The impact of socionics here seems exaggerated. 

&gt; Honestly, I'm not sure if we're just using Socionics terminology, using the entire system, or what here.

There was a thread here a while back called socionics is bullshit I think..you can probably guess what it's about. The notable thing though...most people agreed. Those same people who say things like "duals"  and "quadra" think socionics is mostly bullshit. There are people who really do love socionics,  but it's a minority compared to the people who just don't feel like saying "the types that use Fi, Si, Ne, and Te"  and have found a word that encompasses that. 


&gt; To raise awareness.

Did you think we forgot since yesterday? 

&gt; Yes, there are people who think Socionics is bullshit but aren't there also people that push for Socionics?

Yea. I said that. Some of them are here but they aren't as loud as people claim they are. I wouldn't even say that socionics is the biggest reason for all the misinformation around here. 

I also just don't know what you want. "Move socionics" What does that entail? Do you have suggestions? 

I know these situations are exactly equal, but when everyone hated the type me posts there were many people suggesting that it be moved to another subreddit. And yet they're still here. My point is you can't really force people to move conversations elsewhere. I do somewhat agree with the OP, but I don't see anything changing besides more people downvoting others who even mention socionics. 

&gt; Or you can make me dictator

I'll totally ~~sell my soul~~ support your reign if you give me my custom flair back. But like...it JUST happened. You can make however many threads you want, just know there's no rule against calling it out. 

&gt; Well, some people get angry if you don't subscribe to Socionics.

Who? I've seen maybe two people get angry over socionics.   The only time I've ever seen people get "angry" when someone would say something like "I could never get along with [insert type] because of [basic-ass reason]." Which..is close-minded. You don't have to be into duals, whatever that's fine. If your reasoning for that is shoddy,  then people will say something. Misinformation will be called out.  I'm pretty sure that will devolve into just massive downvotes for anyone who utters the word "duals"  and I don't want that for the sub. Too much socionics is a problem, but who dictates "too much"? Do I get banished to r/socionics if I talk about "deltas"? How many threads here are just socionics? 

&gt; Oh yeah, I was totally against the new fixed, ugly colored flairs to begin with. 

I'll follow you anywhere.Wow,  so I'm gonna do something here for probably the first time and slightly agree with L7k5u8. I actually have a thread in my drafts about this very issue that I keep getting too lazy to post. 

"Unhealthy/Healthy"  pretty much has no meaning. It's not something that is inherent, therefore you can't make it seem like unhealthy XXXXs will act any different from the other fifteen types when they are unhealthy. Ahh I should just post the thread. *cries at this test and my low scores*You think most athletes are Si users? Si is better at athleticism? Because it's ability to do repetitive tasks? What about team sports/sports with less predictability? Or the STPs who could do something similar with Se-Ti? 

What exactly are you clarifying about Si? That they can also do sports? That many sports are catered to the one function? I'm curious as one of those Si users. So what is Se's general area of expertise? 

&gt; Well first of all you are INFP

Not anymore. Even if I was an INFP,  it would be better than any use of your Si. This isn't a Si vs Se thing, it's an Si vs No Si thing. My handle on Si would still be better than your handle on Si. 

&gt; Well it's definitely not sports for ISFP. I don't know about ESTP's go ask them lol.

Just like sports might not be every Si users' expertise.  What is it then? Math? Planning? Corporate matters? 
Now I'm cool! &gt; Yes but you cant say that just because you have tert Si and you aren't good at sports therefore Si isn't good at sports (if that's what you are trying to say.)

No...no that's not what I'm saying. 

&gt; Or are you trying to say that as a Si user, you do not think the person in the video is a Si user? 

Also no. 

All I was saying is that INFPs use Si more than Se users. 

&gt; I never said it was........ I just said it is a function that dictates how good you will be in some types of sports.

Yes I understand that. I'm asking what does Se dictate? Aw what an honor coming from an NT :)) Yea probably INFJs and INFPs.  I don't really see any other type talking about HSP besides the INFJs, but occasionally I see some HSP INFPs. I've never seen any other type even mention the term. I'm just commenting on what I see. 

It definitely would make the most sense for it to be the ISFPs. 

Edit: I'm also surprised that it is found in so many INFJs.  Seems like it would be an Si thing. Wat a good show.

Abed is the quintessential INTP in my opinion. Jeff is INTP, Shirley is ESFJ, Pierce is ESTP.

I would think that Troy is an ESFP. Britta is much more of an ENFP in my opinon. I don't see much introversion in any of her actions, though they do seem to be fueled by Fi. Chang seems like an ENTP. The Dean seems a bit more ENFJ to me than ENFP. Annie is probably the hardest for me. She's totally an SJ, I just haven't decided which one. I've taken ESFJ out the the equation, but i think you can make a solid case for the other three. &gt; Fi users will always appear more selfish than Fe. 

To Fe users. I don't view Fi as any more selfish than Fe. And neither do any of the other Fi users I've met. I don't think it's fair to label Fi as selfish just because of a biased perception by people with Fe. Just like I don't think it's fair to label Fe users as sheeple just because of my own perception.Calm yourself. I'm speaking for Fi.

Also, don't tell me what to do.**Once again, don't tell me what to do.**

Also, yea no. That's not how this works. ISFPs aren't the only ones who can say things about ISFPs. Anyone with a good understanding of ISFPs can and should say things. See [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4w66ms/time_for_the_monthly_fi_rant_what_fi_is_and_what/d654t51)

&gt; I literally fit every Fi stereotype there is.

Congrats I guess. 

Listen, I'm not selfish. I care about others, I really do. I also spend a lot of time being introspective. I like self-improvement. My brother is the same way. He's not all about him. He's very altruistic. And he's an ISFP. It's not selfish to be more centered on yourself than others. Most people are.


&gt; I hate it when mistypes get offended because they don't fit stereotypes.

lol please type me. I dare you.So I'll just listen to another ISFP that's not you, cool?&gt; Functions can only be defined by comparing and contrasting them with others.

Functions are described by what they are, not what the seem to be for others. It's that way for every function. 

&gt; Selfish: lacking consideration for others; concerned chiefly with one's own personal profit or pleasure.

Fi lacks consideration for others? Since when? Fi is introspective, it's a decision-making function. It is centered on the self, the user themselves determines how far that goes.
What is the difference between "selfish" and "too selfish"? It implies that there is a healthy amount of selfishness and an unhealthy amount of selfishness, right?

Selfish in most definitions I've seen say that selfishness is without regard for others. "Without" usually means "something is absent". It doesn't mean something is slightly there. So how can you be "too without something"? Something is either there or it's not. If you left without cookies, that implies that there are absolutely no cookies with you.

I'd like my definitions of things to have more of a neutral connotation. Especially since we are describing a cognitive function, and not a person.I'm not saying Fi users aren't selfish. And I'm not saying all stereotypes are false. I'm saying that shouldn't be a prime descriptor of a function. "More selfish than Fe" isn't fair.

I mean we could go deeper too. Everybody is selfish. Selfish Fe people exist. Why? That shouldn't be possible. 

Fi=selfish is a perception. Fi is a function that does a specific thing. That's it.&gt; The functions only exist because they represent a preference

A preference towards the "self" isn't selfish. There is nothing that is gained, which is a key part of the definition of selfishness. "concerned chiefly with one's own personal profit or pleasure."

The problem I have with this is that you're breaking these functions down in a way that doesn't define either of the feeling functions.

Fi is not "I care about my own feelings."

Fe is not "I care about the feelings of others."

That is not *what they are*. At best it's an oversimplification. The feeling functions aren't just about emotions. 

Fi is an introverted judging function. It's not a "me first" function. It's a judging process that focuses on the users' own personal standards. It decides what to do, and how to act based on its own ideas of what is important and what is not instead of relying on outside influences. It is not inherently aware of the standards already placed in society like Fe is. This definition is not "I care about my own feelings." it's much more than that. I didn't even mention "feelings" once. Nothing about that is inherently selfish.

&gt; Fi is SUBJECTIVE ~~feeling~~

Yes. Subjectivity refers to how someone's judgment is shaped by personal opinions and feelings instead of outside influences. Subjectivity isn't inherently selfish. 

&gt; It cares about a smaller sliver of feelings

Other opinions and feelings do not influence the Fi user's judgement. That doesn't mean they don't care about other people's feelings. Even the most basic/stereotypical definitions of Fi describe high Fi users as "caring". 

There are qualities that Fi users tend to have(or people tend to see in them), but they don't define the function.

- Independent/Individualistic: Free from outside authority, the freedom to be self-governing/authentic/genuine. 

- Perfectionistic: having the standards I mentioned before too high or unattainable for not only themselves but for others as well.

- Self-Righteous: Moral superiority, believing that the way they carry themselves, or what they believe are right and everyone else is wrong.

- Yes, Selfish/Self-Absorbed: Overly concerned with themselves; not showing any interest in the rest of the world.



Can we not pretend like I'm being butthurt and just understand the fact that I'm arguing a definition. I understand that nobody is personally attacking me. 

&gt; Fi users are always willing to prioritise their own comfort over the needs of a group

This isn't selfish. 

My point is simply this:

&gt; Yes, there can be selfless Fi users, and there can be selfish Fe users.

As such, selfishness isn't inherent to Fi. Fi by itself isn't more or less selfish than any other function. Selfishness is behavioral. Whoops. I don't know why I put INTP.  I meant ENTJ. &gt; It can only exist when contrasted with other functions and that is where the selfish nature manifests.

Are you saying Fi is selfish because of comparisons to Fe? How would you describe Fe? Selfless? &gt; Is it possible for an intj to be more emotional than logical

Ya I'd say so. Emotion levels aren't a perfect way to judge a person's type. 

Wouldn't hurt to check out ISTJ or ISFP. 

Why? 

Enough responses so I'll share my preference: fuuuuuuuuuuuck textingI see it a lot in descriptions for INFJs and INTJs, where they come up with something "seemingly out of nowhere" and they can't exactly explain it. 

But I haven't seen that sort of definition for ENXPs, only that they able to form multiple possibilities and whatnot or is this also "seemingly out of nowhere"?

Intuition is general is defined as a thing that someone knows or considers likely from instinctive feeling rather than conscious reasoning, which sounds very Ni, so how does intuition relate to Ne?

Additionally, if you didn't know what type I was, what type would you think? These types are the two I see the most with claims of manipulative behavior. (And its also true in my experience even though I love lots of ESFJs.)

- Do you think they do? How unfounded is this?

- Can someone come up with reasons why ENTPs and ESFJs may *come off* as manipulative?
I mean, it'd help...That's all I'm saying..."The test are crap, but sensors are more common." Based on what? Aren't these statistics results from the tests? 

Actually, just in general, where are the statistics from? All these statistics I read are from the US. The ones that claim they are global have the exact same numbers. Maybe sensors are super common in the US, but not anywhere else. Friends and I were talking about this the other day and I said "I love them!", but the more we talked, the more I realized that I only liked three: Inside Out, Wall-E, and The Incredibles.

Like, I never liked the Toy Stories or Finding Nemo or Monster's Inc or Cars or Up (besides the first 10 min or so) or Brave or A Bug's Life. Ratatouille was only ok. 

My ISTJ friend loved A Bug's Life, which I think fits ISTJ very well. I know lots of INFPs that really loved Inside Out and I'm no exception, so maybe there's something to this. (Like lots of ENTPs love Cars or something) 





In real life. 

A friend and I were trying to type someone we knew. In the end, it was between ISTP and INTP. We both went with ISTP because he didn't "seem like an INTP".  Is that kind of thinking valid? 

I learned in a college class that people have four sides to them. One of them is the qualities that they don't realize they have(or lack), but everyone around them does. I feel like that's what we're seeing but Idk. 

~~Also reminder that INFPs are objectively the best type.~~ ISTP: cool, calm, likes engines or something, smart

ESTP: party guy, con man, anger issues, bro x100

I'm wondering why this happens with XSTPs in particular. I know descriptions are questionable, but even with other introvert-extravert pairs there are a lot of similarities. 

Now that I think about it, I've seen completely different descriptions for XSFPs as well. 

ISFP: quiet art and weed people 

ESFP: likes sex and parties and the Kardashians 

Is there such a prominent difference in personality because of the position of Se in their function stack? Is Se that "strong"  of a function? 


Hate is a strong word. In what ways do these types clash? Just in general, not necessarily in a romantic relationships.

INFJ+ESTJ is classified as a "conflict" relationship. Mutual misunderstanding and all that, so there should be lots. I'm trying to veer away from answers that resemble [this kind of stuff](http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/864002-how-do-you-deal-being-around-estjs-2.html) and more of the ~~biased~~ fleshed out answers users like /u/TK4442 and /u/Flux_n_Uck give when talking about how much they hate INFPs. 

I just find type dynamics interesting :) Especially the conflict ones. They all seem to ring true in my experience. 


Yay! Someone who understands me, haha! 

Can you explain a little more about how the tertiary and inferior functions work? Are you saying that the things about me that you've placed under tert Ni and inferior Te, are respectively caused by those two functions? Wouldn't most things be caused by the dominant and auxiliary functions? Sorry, I don't understand it very well.Oh, ok, this makes a lot of sense. Thanks!I've heard mentions of those but haven't looked into it yet. I will now, though. Thanks!Ok, so I'm having trouble really fitting into any one quadra. The descriptions are kind of difficult to connect with. There are bits that seem accurate to me about alpha, delta, and gamma, and bits that aren't like me at all. I think I can cross off beta - it's pretty far from me, I'm not that big on emotional expression and prefer relaxed, personal activities to competitive group ones. If I had to choose one, I think I can relate most to delta, or maybe like a more laid-back and accepting gamma. Although I relate to a lot of specific traits of alphas, like not taking direct life advice and being tolerant of others' past misdeeds, I feel that generally they are more social and "fun" than I am.I guess I stand up for my own beliefs and values. Not that I push my views onto others, I just internally wish theirs were the closer to mine. Like, I have a friend who dislikes my other friend because of a bad history they had. Now she's unwilling to try to be friends with her again, or even accept me being friends with her, saying I shouldn't trust her. The thing is, we're all part of a larger friend group and all of us quite like this friend, except for her. I hate it when we're all together and there's this tension between them. I've told her she should try to forgive, start anew, let the past be in the past (ok, maybe I do push my beliefs on others), as I truly believe my second friend would be willing to be friends with her again. Does that answer your question?

If I'm not sure whether something feels right/wrong to me, I will usually think it through/do research until I reach some form of conclusion. Sometimes the conclusion is tentative. I don't often talk to others to determine how I feel about things, although I can sometimes find it's easier to determine how I personally feel about something based off of what other people say, and whether I agree with them or not. Other people can make me more certain/less certain about how I feel about something, but rarely change my entire view. If it's something small like which drink I should get or whether I should buy a shirt or not, consulting others can help me decide, but not if I wasn't already leaning towards that decision.

Routine can be kind of comforting, but also gets boring. I do enjoy tradition, like keeping up with family traditions, but sometimes we just drop a tradition or otherwise change it, and I find I don't really notice or care that much. We don't have many traditions to begin with. Do I compare things to the past? I think I do, like if I want to figure out how to improve something or do it best I might look at the parts that didn't work so well in the past. Or I'll read a new book by an author and constantly compare it to the past one they wrote. On the other hand, in some situations, when a change occurs, I will rarely reflect on or remember how things were before. I'll notice the changes, but I'll mostly just accept and adapt to the new situation and judge it on its own. Generally I think that, while I do compare things to the past, it's usually to improve/see how things have changed rather than to long for how it was before/always was.

I hope that makes sense, sorry if my answers seem flip-floppy or vague, just trying to consider all the angles. Tell me if you would like any clarification.

 Ok, that sounds about right. I think I'm fairly confident that I'm ISFP now. Thanks for your help!

I read about "loops" and think I might be in an Fi-Ni one, or at least prone to it. It would explain why I've never identified strongly with Se in a lot of ways (not *that* fashionable, not *that* observant, horrible coordination - can't play any sports), always had doubts between Se and Ne because I felt like while I had aspects of both, I didn't fit either one entirely. I'm highly introverted and it would make sense that I would fall back to using my Ni over Se. I tend to get lost in worrying about my problems/the future. Even before knowing about MBTI, I always had the idea that if I could live in the present and just observe my surroundings more, I would be so much happier, which sounds like what a lot of people say is a "loop fix": using auxiliary more.

So what are loops exactly? I've also read loops are a myth. I may be reading too much into it and misinterpreting the whole situation. Maybe I'm just a simple ISFP and giving too much thought to stereotypes. What do you think?Hi! I'm not the person you replied to, but I'm also a probable ISFP. 

Like you, I would get a lot of different results, for me it was anything beginning with an I, leaning towards IF. It drove me nuts not being able to determine my type, for some reason it just became really important for me to know, so seeking and validating my type, learning about functions, has been pretty much all I've been doing for the past few days, haha. 

I agree with you that learning about the different types can really help us understand and better accept ourselves, and people who are different than us. Even though our types don't define us, they can be fun and enlightening to learn about, as well as confusing trying to decide between descriptions.

I would suggest straying away from tests. Once you take them a lot, you can probably see you know what letter each answer of each question supports. It gets really hard to be honest with yourself, because you start picking answers based on what you think you are based on past results or what you'd rather be. Just a suggestion :)Most of your answers sound like me, except your answer for number 1 is way more "intuitive" than mine would be, haha. My answer would probably be the first two sentences of your answer, and then some other comments about the lighting and how it looks like something under a microscope. Thinking of a lot of connections and possibilities is a trait of Ne, so maybe INFP? :)ISFP: 1. Nature 2. Language 3. Self I got verbal-linguisticMaybe conversely, I felt like I could choose a lot of the options for some of the questionsYou could be right, although I'm almost certain I wouldn't have been able to come up with as creative interpretations as you did. It just looks like staples, it doesn't look like a veranda or tardis, lol.

I meant more that I could see similarities that would probably be attributed to Fi-Te, so what's common between INFP and ISFP. I'm not an expert though. In any case, your Fi sounds like my Fi in that we go against some "Fi Norms", like valuing harmony, fitting in, considering other perspectives, being a little more tolerant/flexible - things that seem Fe-ish on the surface. 

Other than 1, none of your answers really scream Ne-Si or Se-Ni. I mean, 8 could be indicative of Ni. They seem like the "gut feelings" I have. On the other hand, your lack of want to "get up and do something" and aversion to work and chores could be indicative of lack of Se, so INFP. (Not that I LOVE chores, I just wouldn't say that they drain me)

Overall, I don't really know, so you are free to disregard what I say.I will not be of much assistance in typing you, but just want to say I agree that tests aren't very good. I had the same troubles as you trying to decide between options and descriptions. Like how can I have this little knowledge of myself? I feel like I fit into everything and nothing all at once sometimes.

Maybe [this questionnaire](http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/505602-short-effective-scenario-questionnaire-2-0-self-type.html) will help you. Read each scenario and think of your answers to the questions, then click the spoiler alert down at the bottom. Read through all the points and see how they align to the responses you thought of. I think it's pretty well thought-out. It helped me determine that I'm IXFP, at least.Haha, no problem! 

For what it's worth, I don't feel like I fit my Se that much either. Like I don't really relate to some ISFP descriptions/stereotypes because I'm not *that* sensing. I just believe I'm *slightly* more Se than Ne. Perhaps it's the same with you, but the other way around. Maybe we're just weird creatures who have trouble seeing our auxiliary function. I usually sleep quite well but when it does happen it's nerves/excitement for something big happening the next dayI think I'm a bit too sensitive, like a lot too sensitive...so yeahWow, that's a really cool analogy, thanks! I'll try to remember that I'm a hardcore survivor lamb next time it feels like the world is too hyenic for me Fi can be a pretty reserved function, compared to Fe. Feeling is directed within the self, not outwards everywhere. I think people with dom Fi can come across as cold and aloof, at least, I know I do sometimes.I like reading, watching tv, diary-writing. I bake sometimes. I really like art and crafty things. I like to draw but usually lack inspiration so I don't do it much. I play a bit of piano but I'm not great. I also own a ukulele, which I've taught myself to play a few things on, but I haven't practised in a while. 

I occasionally find cleaning and organizing around the house to be a therapeutic and satisfying activity. I think this is the result of inferior Te. Most of the time, though, I just notice the messiness, hate it, then ignore it because I'm too lazy/busy to fix it.Hi. Nice to meet you. I joined this sub a few weeks ago, therefore know nothing of you, so we can start with a clean slate. Nice username ;)What you do sounds like what my sister, ENFP, does. All the time she'll ask me for my opinion on a particular piece of her outfit, then she'll choose based on what she thinks anyway, even if it's the opposite of what I said. But she'll try to get me to agree with her, like she'll ask me why I said that and explain what she thinks until I agree. I don't really care, anyway, she should just wear what she wants.

I usually don't ask for advice. When I do, I will usually go with what the person says, I think, because it's probably something I didn't have much of an opinion on in the first place. Or, if their idea makes much more sense than mine and I agree with it, then I'll go with it. Or, if the decision is something that will affect them and not just me, then obviously I should have their input. I don't think I ever ask in order to figure out what I, myself, want. And if my sister disagrees with something I wear (not that I ask her, she just tells me what she thinks), I will either trust her or say oh well, I think otherwise. I don't try to get her to agree with me that much.

Anyway, we're both meant to be Fi, so I'm not sure what that means.To discover who I am, what I want. To become comfortable with the person I am, but at the same time, to never stop trying to be better.Haha, for me it's more like...hate social interaction (I wouldn't even say hate, just sometimes dislike it cause I'm bad at it or want to be alone), but if you're talking to me I guess that could be interpreted as hating life? I got Anthony Hopkins. Average on Openness, Above average on Conscientiousness, Low on Extroversion, High on Agreeableness, Above Average on Neuroticism.

I'm not sure who Anthony Hopkins is, but the scores sound about right, although sometimes I get lower on conscientiousness.I got shyness, sensitivity, and playfulness.

Interesting! I really enjoyed this test.I've wondered the same thing. I think I'm an F because I value compassion, doing the right/moral thing, selflessness, being considerate of others, etc, and these values are important to me. But I wonder if I only have them because those values were taught and reinforced to me in church every Sunday of my life since I was little, or if I would've had them regardless.Fi&gt;Ne&gt;Se&gt;Ti&gt;Te&gt;Si&gt;Ni&gt;Fe

I'm confused...what does that say I am?I have very little coordination and suck at pretty much every sport. And my fashion sense isn't that amazing.I'm like the opposite of you, haha. I have problems making myself get out and go to social events, even putting on clothes is a chore. I usually do enjoy myself once I'm out, but I love getting to stay home all day. 

You're description of enjoying being out does sound like Se. I don't think my Se is that strong, so maybe that explains the difference.1. Hmm...where do I start? A lot of the time I'm having imaginary conversations in my head, usually me explaining to someone, sometimes a specific person sometimes not, some aspect of myself, my life, or my thoughts. Like, it could be, why I like a certain TV show, or how I responded to my dad leaving when I was a kid, or a description of my procrastination process. I think maybe I do this because I'm usually too quiet and reserved to reveal things about myself to others, so I just reveal them to myself. I guess my inner world consists a lot of me reviewing and analyzing what I think and how I feel about things. I'm always trying to better understand myself. And I guess sometimes I feel the need to justify, even to myself, my own feelings and opinions. 
Thinking about scenes or characters from books or tv shows, reciting poetry to myself, playing songs in my head, visualizing horrible things happening, trying to plan out near-future things, telling myself to enjoy the moment and not worry, are some of the other things that go on.

2. Learning about things I'm interested in, food - particularly sweets - and other physically pleasant things like hot showers. On second thought, maybe it's only the prospect of those things that excite me, while the actual experience calms me/makes me content.  The future, while it also makes me nervous, excites me, because there are so many possibilities. Getting an assignment, particularly when it involves creativity like making a video, poster, or story, can often excite me IF I have a clear vision of what I want to do. I hate most assignments until I know what I want to do for it.I like listening to people tell stories or talk about things I find interesting or can learn from. I don't really like having to come up with ways to reply, so if they don't expect me to reply, that's just fine by me, but it's nice if they have breaks in their talking, because sometimes I do think of things I'd like to say, like my own take or my own related story. 

If they NEVER stop talking it can get quickly annoying. Especially if it's something I'm not interested in. Like I want to be able to hear myself think, please. I usually end up zoning out, giving automatic nods and "mm-hmms", although that's also sometimes how I respond when I'm genuinely interested.I'm excited to see the results :)Thanks for posting this, it's very interesting.

I'm definitely quite quiet most of the time. I seem to be more comfortable with silence than a lot of people, who feel the need to make conversation. I'm more inclined to talk just to say something if I'm in a group of people and everyone talks but me and it starts to make me feel awkward, then I start looking for opportunities just to say something, which usually ends up being something dumb - I should learn to just be okay with being quiet.

I'm not adverse to friendly small talk from strangers (though I never instigate it), but I don't like it from people I know. 

I thought you were crafting some really brilliant metaphor at first, haha.Yesss, haha! I picked Saturn because of Sailor Saturn! Though I was also considering Jupiter because I did a presentation on it in grade 2. And Pluto because...underdogs. ISFP (I think 9w1, but maybe 4w5.)

Slytherin

Pukwudgie

Silver Lime wood with a phoenix feather core and quite bendy flexibility

Deerhound

I...don't want to be Slytherin. I would rather be in any of the other 3. Gryffindor or Ravenclaw, really. When I first used Pottermore, around 6 years ago, I got sorted into Hufflepuff. The test is different than I remember. At least the layout is different, not sure about the questions. I like my wand and Patronus, though. Never heard of Ilvermorny before this but I like the sound of mine, though I'm not sure how much "the heart" I am. 

I guess it's their image of being power-hungry and kind of ruthless. I don't feel like it really fits me. I don't think anyone will recognize me, but I'm interested. Even though I've decided on ISFP (and have grown quite attached to the type) I still doubt it all the time. Any opinions/observations welcome. Aw, thanks! I'll remember your awesome username, too ;)

Ooh, this is difficult, because both would be amazing. I'm going to go with dragon, because How to Train Your Dragon has made me love the idea of having a pet dragon. Wait, do unicorns have magical powers? Because that would sure be useful. I'm still gonna go dragon because dragons can definitely fly and I'm not sure unicorns can. Also, I'm a dragon according to Chinese zodiac, so dragons are just awesome. I think I would look cooler on a dragon, too. Ok, so I'm looking outside my window and I see, below, the porch of the apartment below me. They have a couple baby evergreens in blue ceramic pots. There's a light grey fence, and - hey, my cat is sitting on it! A concrete staircase, looks mildly grey and wet, goes up and to the left from the bottom right of my field of view then turns 90° away from me, stopping at a horizontal path barely visible from here. The stairs are lined on either side with black fencing and railing. At the top end of the staircase, there is a light grey rectangular arch. To the left of the staircase, on my side of the path, there is a shrubby area with two large evergreen trees - the one on the right is taller. On the far side of the path, at a slightly elevated level, is the complex clubhouse, blocked off with black fencing that runs parallel to the path, that is, parallel to my window. You can't see it from here, but between the fencing and the clubhouse building is a pool and spa. All I can see from here is the silver railings at the water "entrances" and a couple stacks of plastic green chairs. The clubhouse has a tawny brown roof with a chimney, tall windows in 3's and smaller singular square windows. The right part of the building sticks out farther than the left part, and the lower two-thirds of it has a stone patches pattern, in light greys and tans. The upper third is light yellow with horizontal lines. A dull green ledge separates the two sections. 

I wish I had the skill to get this all across in one vivid, precise image but it's really hard and I would be surprised if you could picture anything I'm saying at all, and this is probably boring to read. There's a ton more to describe but I've realized how bad I am at describing buildings so I'll skip the rest. 

I see a tree at the left end of the clubhouse, within the fencing, with pinky-scarlet leaves, though some gold and green are visible. It's really pretty. The sky is bright, light grey-ish white, overcast but without distinct cloud shapes, though some faint darker streaks are visible, preventing the sky from being one completely indistinct solid colour. In the distance, I can see other apartment buildings, and different kinds of evergreens in front and behind them.

Edit: I tried my best to answer this question as I would if I had no idea of what your intentions were in asking it/how you were gonna analyze it, that being said, it's hard to think anything nowadays without immediately following up with, hey, that seemed Si/Ni, or, hey, was that Te? But I tried to not be biased and answer it as it seemed most natural to me.Okay, cool! I'm more confident that I am ISFP now. Thank you for your help!I'm not sure if it applies so much to studying before you sleep as it does sleeping after you study, but I've heard that sleeping helps to store information in your long-term memory. Staying awake for a longer time after a study session is supposed to make you forget more of it as opposed to sleeping soon after studying. Haven't tested this out for myself, though.I quickly go over my notes/skim the textbook and plan on doing something more like making flash cards to test myself with. Then my brain subconsciously rejects the idea later on (in the form of me forgetting about it because my priorities are obviously elsewhere) because why do something so strenuous and extreme? 

I end my studying thinking, yeah, I know all this, blah, studying is boring, I'll do fine. Then I'll panic at the beginning of class, with the overwhelming feeling that I'm not prepared at all and it's going to be way harder than I thought, and wish I had studied more. I usually still do good though."The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday."

and

"It'll be okay."I like this. Reminds me of The Outsiders. ^^stay ^^goldA method of studying that involves watching TV? It seems too good to be true.

Tell me more: how exactly do you connect the show to the topics? 'Cause I'm not really understanding it. Ok, maybe I'm taking this too literally, but I don't really understand your descriptions of Si and Ni. Did you mean LITERAL eyesight? Objects that move and change look like they're moving and changing. Objects that stay the same look still. Isn't that how vision works?

Did you mean more of an internal, vision seeing, as opposed to actual visual input? Like how something appears in your brain, or how the way you think of something contributes to how you see it, in a more conceptual way?

Maybe my N is too low to understand this. It seems like you are trying to describe something abstract in a concrete way, and the result doesn't make any sense to me. Sorry if I'm just really dumb.Huh, that's interesting. So do the jokes have to have something to do with the piece of information you are memorizing, or is it just that when a specific joke comes on, and you are studying a specific name/idea at that same time, the two connect in your memory, so that you can recall that joke and correspondingly recall the thing you studied when that joke played? That's really cool that that works for you. I'm not sure if it would for me - I feel like I would just get distracted or only be able to pay attention to one or the other. I want to try it though!

I could see how it could work well with songs! Like one song a topic. And you're right, it would be much easier to replay.I would probably pick Healer. I really like the idea of being able to heal, fix things, make plants grow. It would be so useful. And the wisdom part sounds really neat. I've always thought reincarnating sounded funner and less scary than being eternally young. 

The Road Eternal sounds fun and exciting, but the idea of going to other worlds and not being able to find my way back for a long time is too terrifying. It seems incredibly lonely, too.

Nakama sounded perfect until the last bit.

I like the idea of Escape, because I've always loved the concept of lucid dreaming, but I don't like not being able to affect the real world in any way. Plus also seems depressingly lonely.

The rest don't really appeal to me.I like my type, but if I had to choose another, I would want to be INFP. They seem like great people. They have this fire and hope in them that I find inspirational. And they're much more represented than ISFPs.Can concede; identity sometimes fluid; drives my Fi nuts ^^^I ^^^JUST ^^^WANT ^^^TO ^^^KNOW ^^^MYSELF&gt; I'm very lazy. I tend to reach my goals, because in the end I do what I have to, but I procastinate a lot.

This is exactly me (procrastinating on an assignment right now). ISFP's can be lazy, so don't let that alone rule it out for you. :)Se &gt; Ni and my handwriting is pretty messy. I used to think I was a neat writer but I was just in denial, and now I embrace my scrawl. I can write neatly it just takes a lot more time and focus.I got Idealism: 3.7 Relativism: 3I'm not sure, but I'm going to go with ISFP or INFJ. I see Se and Ni, F &gt; T, and introvert. I do see a lot of Fe-ish traits so maybe INFJ, but I also see inf-Te-ish traits (recognize them in myself) and not much Ti, though it would be your tert if you are INFJ so might not show much anyway.I do things like that all the time (while I'm crossing the street sometimes I imagine myself spontaneously collapsing and what would happen after that) but then again my Se is kind of repressed, I feel like. 

You are right, though, many of his points do seem like Ne. Reminds me of my ENFP sister, actually, who is Ne dom. Yeah, I definitely see that too. About half the time I score higher on Ne than Se on cognitive function tests. Weirdly, Ni is usually one of my lowest scores. I am pretty sure I'm Se-Ni over Ne-Si, though. You may be right that it's due to Ni appearing differently when it's lower on the stack.I failed the right brain one and got 70% on the people watching one. (ISFP)Ponyboy from The Outsiders is a good portrayal of INFP, from the idealism, struggle with reality, to becoming cold in the grip of Te near the end.
You seem Fi to me, especially being hyper-aware of how you come across, and focusing on how different situations affect YOU. Fi's can certainly care about what others think of them, but it's more of a self-consciousness than anything, which you seem to have. 

I think I suggested INFP for you on one of your past posts, but now I'm thinking you might be a Sensor after all. You seem to prefer Se over Si, so maybe ISFP? I would say ESFP but you seem very introspective...I don't really see you as an extroverted-dom. Then again, I'm not that sure.Back in my testing days, I would get every possible result that started with an I. The I was the only letter that never changed, and I always scored it by a large margin over E, whereas I would often be pretty borderline with the other three dichotomies. 

It's possible to be shy or socially anxious without being introverted. I believe I am all three, but they certainly do help to reinforce each other. It's like a cycle. Introversion makes me more shy and shyness makes me more introverted. 

For the sake of this question I will try my best to describe my introversion only, separate from shyness or anxiety.

I'm introverted because I crave alone time. Being alone at home energizes me. Being out around people wears me out. Sometimes I get home and the house is empty and it's like this wave of energy and happiness surges over me. I do have close friends I love to hang out with, but even around them for too long I start to want to be alone.  With people I'm not that close to the effect is even faster. Perhaps it's being self-conscious, having to monitor what I say and do, or insecurity that makes being around people get tiring. I never feel like I can totally be myself around others. I'm very quiet as well. Perhaps if I were more content to be quiet and just listen instead of feeling pressure to say something, present myself somehow, make an impression, then I would enjoy being around people more. Then again if I simply cared less about what others thought and just said what I wanted to say without being afraid, then maybe I would enjoy being with people more too. It's a mix, really. Sometimes I have nothing to say but feel the pressure to talk which is uncomfortable, sometimes I have something to say but feel shy which is uncomfortable. In any case, it's uncomfortable, and that makes me tired.

I realize I did a horrible job of trying to separate introversion from anxiety. It's hard, because it's all pretty linked, for me at least.

The most clear example I can give might be the difference between me and my sister. She's an extrovert, but she's not always partying, she doesn't have a huge crowd of friends. But when we're both at home, I will be in my room and she will come in to lie down on my bed just to be with me. She can talk a lot, too. She's the kind of person who needs someone in their life to just blabber to, and I'm that person. I don't really have that same need. I prefer to just think in my head, or write in my diary (or comment anonymously on reddit?). She's the person I'm closest to in the world, but even around her for too long I need to be by myself. Once I'm with even one person I feel different, like...constrained in a way. There is nothing like being alone.

That is not to say I would be okay with being completely isolated for the rest of my life. I'm so introverted even around my family that I once questioned whether I really love them as much as I think I do, because I seem to always prefer not to have their company. Then one day, spending the day at home on my own, it was amazing at first, but come nighttime, I started to feel weird and lonely, anticipating the moment someone else would come home, feeling happy when they finally did. That made me realize that I need humans, too. I love having friends. I hope to find someone to love and spend the rest of my life with. But I will always need time alone to recharge. 



&gt; And I thought high Fi users would be very aware of their own personal morals, as they're constantly refining them (like Ti is constantly refining their inner logical framework).

Hmm, I've heard that people aren't always very aware of their dom, though, because it's so instinctual. It might be the terms "morals" and "values" that are throwing you off.  Me, personally, I don't always categorize what's important to me as "morals" and "values" in my brain. If someone asked me to list them, I would have problems coming up with an answer, too, because those things just ARE. Yes, I am constantly refining them, but I don't consciously think "this is a value I have." It just is. It exists. And it comes out when I have to make a decision about something, or when someone does something I realize I'm strongly against. It's hard to explain.

Fi is also about paying attention to your own feelings and personal likes and dislikes. For example, maintaining harmony because conflict makes you feel bad, vs because it makes the environment or others feel bad. 

I think you could still be Fi dom, but if you really don't think so, then maybe you aren't. 

Why I think you use Se over Si:

Your first four points under "perceiving"

&gt; I don’t like watching/playing the same things over and over again, if I know how it ends I’ll be bored watching it again. Luckily, my memory is super sh.t, so I can generally re-watch/replay things like they’re new.

&gt; Otherwise, I prefer to get rid of things I have no use for.

These all make me think Se. Nostalgia is a human thing, Se users can feel it too. Se users have memories, too. They just pay more attention to the present, see the present more clearly than the past. I think everyone can recognize when things are familiar or different. I'm not super knowledgable about Si, but I would assume high Si users would take it a step further by being able to tell exactly what is different and what has changed. But I may be wrong.First sentence made me think Charlie from Perks of Being a Wallflower33% Trinitarian 67% Quaternarian, Casually QuaternarianI can't discern 10 000 shades of emotion. Most of the time I just feel calm, happy, anxious, or vaguely melancholic&gt; I have a very close ENFJ friend who enjoys having pity-fests and I just find myself frustrated and drained because I don't ever resolve my emotions by talking about them with others or letting other's insights, advice, and instruction help me solve them because of a deep stubbornness that I and I alone know what's best for me.

That's Fi for yaFor me, I love the meaning it gives life, and the sense of identity. I am constantly seeking to discover who I am and what's important to me. I like being introspective, taking the time to reflect on how I feel about something and what I value, and making decisions based off of that. I love the individualistic side to it as well, wanting to be creative and make things "my own".I have pictures of animals from calendars, a bit of artwork, a world map, and a couple certificates on my walls. Some decorative objects on my windowsill. Stuffies on my bed and on the floor around my bed, lol. My desk looks quite cluttered and has way more things on it than most of my friends' desks, but to me it's organized - everything's in it's place.I can't speak for all Fi users, but for me it can be very, very hard to open up. It doesn't mean I don't want to, it's just hard for me to. The difficulty usually lies in being afraid of being judged, as well as not knowing how to put my feelings into words. They are much safer in my mind. If I say them aloud, they are there, known, I am vulnerable, and I will be bound to these words forever, words I may not be confident in because they don't truly describe what I mean. In my mind, my feelings can change and I can refine them freely, without making them scarily permanent by saying them.

The only thing I can suggest is give them time and don't be pushy, that will just make them close up. Starting off by talking about light things, making them feel as comfortable as possible, can help. If they seem like they might want to say something but aren't talking, do not push, but let it go for now and go back to the topic in the future, when they might be ready to talk about it. Waiting for them to approach you might not work, because they might not ever. So be persistent but patient. And don't try to make them feel bad by whining "I always share with you why don't you share with me????" This doesn't work.It's a lot easier on the internet, haha :) I am really glad I could help!I also got 75% and also failed to understand the instructions correctly. I thought each card was for sure either sun or rain, so when the answer came out different I thought the card changed, so then changed all my future answers for that card, making me very confused when I still wasn't right. Still got a higher score than I thought I would&gt; Another thing that gets me is Se and their awareness of the environment. Mine is pretty shit tbh, but I can focus on things around me if I concentrate (but even then I often get lost in my thoughts unintentionally).

Yes, this sounds just like me haha. I've heard from the ISFP sub that ISFPs often get lost in thought. I don't know how common that is for Se aux, doesn't seem like it would be, but perhaps it is just ISFPs, due to Fi-Ni. I do enjoy being observant and aware of my surroundings when I remember to, but a lot of the time I'm too busy thinking, or I just go back to being lost in thought without realizing I've stopped paying attention to my environment.

I wouldn't really consider myself an emotional sponge. If my friend is upset I would probably sympathize, and feel sorry that they are feeling bad, but I wouldn't feel their actual sadness, if that makes sense. Also when I hear negative world news stuff I feel kind of bad, but on a really distant surfacy level. If people around me are being overly emotionally expressive, I'm much more likely to feel slightly annoyed or bothered by it than to soak it up and feel it too. If I were more of an emotional sponge I think I would feel much more comfortable in some social situations where everyone else is happy and energetic since I would catch on to that, but instead I just feel awkward, low-key, and left out. That is probably just cause of ~~introverted dom~~ social introversion though. 

One thing I do do is laugh when everyone else is laughing even if I didn't hear/get the joke, just because their laughing makes me laugh. And also maybe some automatic "FIT-IN-OR-LOOK-WEIRD" response. 

I do think I experience second-hand embarrassment, though.Yes, I agree with everything you said, and you've described it really well. Especially this:

&gt;   I can view something I have written a few minutes ago and already feel that it lacks all the nuance of what I actually wanted to communicate, and I have possibly already discovered some new perspective that is contradictory to what I said initially.I got INFP:

Very Clear Introversion: 21/21
Moderate Intuition: 17/26
Moderate Feeling: 18/24
Moderate Perceiving: 15/22

I get N and S about equally on tests I think. I am pretty sure the last (and first) time I took this particular test I also got INFP. Maybe cause words like "imagination" and "create" and "ideas" just seem more appealing to me.I don't have a very developed grasp on sensing vs intuition, but I think some S-ish/Se-ish things about me are:

I've always enjoyed hands-on stuff. I like crafts and figuring out how to fix objects. If I see someone struggling with, say, untangling something or unscrewing a lid, I'm overcome with the pressing urge to grab it from their hands and try it for myself, even though I'm not any more likely to succeed than anyone else.

I like feeling things physically, like I'm the person who will go into a fabric store and touch all the fabrics (someone somewhere used this example once).

Unfortunately I'm not super good at understanding theoretical, abstract language. I need concrete examples and images. I have a hard time understanding a lot of function descriptions because of that. I do, however, like learning some knowledge/theory even if it has no practical application. But I don't really spend time theorizing or thinking in depth about things that aren't real or don't relate to me or my life.

I like design and making things look nice.

I enjoy a lot of sensory experiences, like hot showers, really salty and really sweet things, "swimming" (playing in the water), walking on sand. Probably anyone can like those things, though. 

I'm usually quite conscious of my physical body. I feel like I'm constantly shifting my sitting position to be more comfortable. I also often need to fidget or fiddle with things in my hand. It doesn't matter if I'm energetic, tired, engaged, or bored.For me inf Te is like the voice in the back of my mind telling me to be more organized and get stuff done. I think it's responsible for the feeling that I need to plan things out in detail, even though I hate to and it stresses me out, and I'm not that good at it. Most of the time, when I do convince myself to make these "plans", I don't give as much credence to them and often end up not carrying them out, which I think wouldn't be true for someone with higher Te. I see the value in structure and order, but don't really strive for it too much or create it naturally, plus it's not the most important thing to me. I procrastinate, like a lot, but I don't usually justify it to myself by thinking "oh it's ok. I can do it later. Some things are more important than homework" instead I'm constantly nagging myself thinking "hey you should work on that thing. Wouldn't it be so nice to get it done so you can relax later? Why are you wasting time on the internet when you have so much work to do? YOU'RE RUNNING OUT OF TIME DO IT NOW." Then  proceed to ignore myself because I'm lazy/I care about something else more in the moment/just really don't wanna.

People can usually use their lower functions easily in simple ways, like for leisure activities. I love logic puzzles. I occasionally find a lot of pleasure in organizing objects, like cutlery in a drawer or the books on my shelf in alphabetical order or refolding my clothes so the edges are lined up. It's not always my top priority though, like most of the time I notice the mess in my house and hate it, but don't do anything about it because I'm too lazy/busy. And while I can be good at organizing physical objects and enjoy it, I'm not really good at organizing events or plans or life and those cause me a lot of stress (using inf in simple ways but not large ways). 

Hope this helps!

Oh I should probably mention I'm 16. I don't know, it might affect some of my answers.

Edit: I think emotional sponginess is more of an Fe thing, so if you don't relate to it maybe you are Fi!Haha, I thought it was about driving down a street and typing people on the sidewalk that you pass. 

"Jogger with dog - ESFJ!" Haha, cool! No problem about the questions, I enjoyed answering them and they helped me figure out more about myself too. Did you relate to some of what I said about inf Te?Wow...I did not know we had music subsI've just realized that in 3 of my 4 high school classes I sit at the front right corner or close to it. Part of it is because I'm nearsighted, and used to be self-conscious about wearing glasses, so out of habit I choose seats closer up so I can see. And I prefer being at the side than the middle. I do find it quite comfortable at the back where I can observe and not feel that people behind are watching me, but the back is often where the popular/rowdy kids sit and I usually avoid that area. Ok..something's weird with the test you posted. I took it once, got 132, but I knew for one question I accidentally selected the bubble for the answer next to the answer I meant. It was bothering me so I retook it, all the same answers (including a few I guessed on the first time - guessed the same answer second time) except fixing that one answer so I selected the one I actually meant, and now I got 164???

And I'm preeetty sure my IQ isn't nearly as high as 132Not sure if that last bit is an actual indicator between the two - I thought everyone ate stuff cause it tastes amazing. Certainly true for me, though. I loooove sweetsWow, that does sound really cool. Sometimes I try to visualize the images as I'm reading, but I don't think it happens naturally, and it's not nearly like watching a movie, more just vague snippets. I'll be able to see images more naturally if there's really detailed vivid description. I almost always hear the characters speak in my head as I read, though. An ENFP I know gets quite deep into solipsism. She tells me about how I might not be real, and that she can't be sure anybody's real except for herself, that the entire world could just be an illusion meant to either punish or reward her. I think ENTP. The way you write and a lot of things you said seem like Ne dom to me, and I sense Ti and Fe as well. Enjoying arguments, being incessantly inquisitive, seems Ne-Ti. I may be wrong though.Hey this looks fun I wanna join.

(Pls don't let anyone I know come here)

[ISFP, 16, Chinese/Taiwanese](http://imgur.com/I0lxuov)I think people are taking it as what small thing can [someone] say or do that will make [my type] hate [them]Aghhhh these comments are hurting my conflict-avoidant sideHmm my voice changes but I've never noticed if it gets higher when the other voice is lower, etc. I think most of the time I just start talking like whoever I'm with. And the situation, like higher when nervous or talking to strangers and lower when joking around? I'm not sure. It bothers me too. For me it's mostly enjoyable. I like looking back on old tv shows, books I used to read, photos, stuff I drew and wrote as a kid. There might be a bit of wistfulness. Simpler times. Times I can never go back to. But mostly it's fun and weird because it's like looking back on a different person. Like woah, that was me? I barely remember that! It's like rediscovering some part of me. My sister says introverts are selfish because we don't share, and that she sees introversion as a defect, caused by insecurity.

I could say extroverts are selfish, they always need to have the attention, have their thoughts heard. I could say extroversion comes from an innate distrust or discontentment with the self and needing to be around others to feel good, that sounds like insecurity.

They're just two different personalities. They both have their benefits and downfalls. Furthermore, not all introverts are shy and not all extroverts are open. Introverts are not inherently more flawed or insecure or selfish than extroverts, and it makes me mad when we're seen that way.This is really cool, thanks for sharing!I think ESFP is right. Fi doms don't tend to be as expressive as you've described, but if Se dom with Fi aux it makes sense. ISFP.

* people who don't consider others' feelings

* people who leave their stuff around and don't put things back

* people who don't clean up after themselves

* people who are rude to employees

* people who think they're better than everyone else

* sore losers

* people whose humour consists of insulting others or putting others in an awkward position

* people who cannot be seriousINTP. Ti is pretty clear in my opinion, as is Ne. 

Ti (dominant function of INTPs) - analyzing information, building your "understanding of the world", thinking done more so for internal understanding than for external goals

Ne (auxiliary function) - your love and obsession with symbolism, patterns, ideas, new perspectives

Laziness points to INTP over INTJ. INTJs can be lazy too, but I think less so, because they use Ni (drive, vision) and Te (get things done!).

Still trying to understand the functions so I may be wrong, feel free to disagree.I never used to do it but I started doing it because I have a friend who does it, who I'm pretty sure has FeTe (Extroverted Thinking) (25%) 

Ti (Introverted Thinking) (45%) 

Ne (Extroverted Intuition) (50%) 

Ni (Introverted Intuition) (35%) 

Se (Extroverted Sensing) (50%) 

Si (Introverted Sensing) (45%) 

Fe (Extroverted Feeling) (65%) 

Fi (Introverted Feeling) (65%) 

//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

based on your results your type is likely - esfj

Huh. I can never tell when I am succeeding in being less biased, or just being more biased, or trying so hard to be un-biased I become oppositely biased.I think the opposite. The more people there are, the more invisible I am ;)Conflict makes me feel so uncomfortable. I will not get into it if I don't have to. I don't like it. But I can be pretty stubborn in an argument, and get angry. Then it's hard to back down. I still will though, eventually, when it's annoying and pointless and clear we will never agree no matter how many times we restate our separate opinions. I leave and fume silently until I'm over it. 

The best thing, of course, is if we can achieve some kind of agreement. And an honest one, not just a "fine, whatever" which is the most annoying thing, though I'm usually the one who gives it, angrily, because I just don't want to keep arguing. A lot of the time I am talking to somebody in my head, wording out some opinion of mine, or some story that happened to me, or my planned answer to a possible question someone could ask me, or some conversation I hope happens some day. So I use "I". I am not sure when this started - 12? 13? 

I have these "monologues" I will go through, about whatever I'm currently interested in, or whatever conversation that might happen in the near future (that consists of mostly me talking, even though in real life I hardly talk). And sometimes I will get distracted and my mind will wander off, then I will remember I was explaining that thing in my head, then I will have to restart from the beginning.

Once I wrote out in my head the beginning of a novel, or maybe my autobiography. The narrator (or me) starts out by explaining this thing they do in their head where they're always talking to someone, then they will interrupt themselves and say that they're actually doing it right this moment, to the reader. 

Yeah, it's weird. I don't know if anyone else does this. 

Sometimes I will talk to myself in my head too, but that's different. That's usually when I'm reprimanding myself or something: "what's wrong with you?" "stop it!" "are you sure? are you sure you feel that way?" 

Edit: Oh yeah, thanks for the interesting question! (i should also be doing homework. Or sleep)It does get a bit obssessive and repetitive for me, too. It's like an escape for me not to talk about my thoughts in real life because I can talk about them in my head. But it does help me to sort out my thoughts and feelings sometimes.  

&gt; right now it feels like my life is often a series of potential essays, conversations, explanations, blog posts.

Yes! Good way to put it.

Haha, I have hoped that it helps me to be more articulate. You'd think from thinking out my responses I'd be prepared to say them well. In spoken conversation I am still really ineloquent. But in writing I am better.

Similar to you, I have a diary app I've kept since I was 12. And yeah, it can be really surprising rereading past entries. Like wow, I was smart/funny/deep/kind of pathetic! It's weird because sometimes I can vividly remember writing it but it's still like looking back on another lifetime, another person. 



That's really interesting! Do you feel your thoughts are more "pure", because you don't have to word them out, which restricts them to the limitations and boundaries of language? On one hand, language makes everything more clear, and of course we have to use it to communicate, but it also can be imprecise and imperfect. 

I read an essay for English, by George Orwell I think, and at one point he says to put off putting your thoughts into words for as long as possible, and to develop and sharpen them using pictures or whatever before choosing the best words for them. I think that's really useful except a lot of the time I can't help but think in words right off the bat. 

I think internal monologuing is something that we develop. Maybe it's from reading books and watching TV where characters narrate things in words, think aloud, etc. Did you read a lot as a kid?You sound almost exactly like an ENFP I know. From the "my people" and "others" thing and need for connection to the emphasis on style and appearance to the defined tastes to the ambition and daydreaming to the cosmic messiness.Wow...had to read that over a few times.

I guess it'd be like sacrificing complexity and precision of thought for communicability? Your description of it seems like a description of Ti, and in a way, I see how Ti and Fi are similar. Like you find it difficult and inefficient to word your thoughts out internally, for me it is the same with feelings. Hence why it seems so impossible to talk about my feelings sometimes - it takes time and effort to find the words to capture some things, and they are never perfect. Like...emotionalese!

While I do have an internal monologue, it is more for thoughts, stories, explanations, conversations and such. Feelings are more wordless, though I guess they are in nature. I do try to internal monologue feelings sometimes, because I imagine I might have to express them someday.  And it does help me to identify and name them, though there are usually still more layers of complexity behind the words I choose. 

&gt; I read a lot as a little kid

I was counting on your answer of no, but I guess I should have guessed as much. Well, there goes my theory. 

I've been imagining telling my friends for a while now, but still haven't done it :/Yeah..I don't really see Fe and Si much in your post, but could be they are not as developed. It's true, typing is difficult! I wish you luck!Probably INFP. First test I took I got INFJ. Oh, yeah, I didn't even think of Ni. It does sound like Ni as well. But perhaps Ti-Ne could have a similar effect? I don't know haha.

&gt; Do you that frustrating/problematic? If so, are there a certain kinds of situations where this is especially difficult?

Yes, very frustrating. It's most difficult when I am also scared or reluctant to open up, and not knowing how to explain how I feel makes it even worse. I don't want the other person to misunderstand. I don't want to say something that I don't really mean, exactly. And sometimes I'm not sure how I feel, so that makes it difficult as well. I think of a way to put it but immediately think of how that doesn't cover it. Ends up with half-hearted, vague statements. Not sure if this answers your question. 

&gt; If you're looking for theories, maybe brain injury has something to do with it. I've had more concussions than I have any right to (including at least three major ones that knocked me out).

Oh, wow! I'm not sure if that could be related, but perhaps it is. Have the concussions affected your brain in any way that you know of?"I'm good, how are you?"

"It's sort of like..."

"I kind of want..."

"I don't know"

"I don't think so"

"I'm not sure"

"I'm pretty sure"

"Really?"

"Oh wow"

"Oh I see"

"Oh that's cool"

"Yeah, but..."

"Sorry? I didn't hear you"

"I had this dream last night..."Pretty quiet, very indecisive, private with emotions. Very little interest in a lot of things and strong interest in a few. Sensitive to others' feelings although not always knowing how to react. Caught between wanting to make an impact on the world, working towards my goals, and wanting to just lay back and daydream and pet my cat, forever. Caught between wanting to be unique and wanting to fit in. Caught between enjoying life free of cares and stressing about everything. I'm fascinated by myself, too. hahahah. More like overwhelmed and confused, though. That happens to me, I wouldn't say every day, though. If it's something that happened recently it will be on my mind more, but as time goes by it will come up less frequently, and the cringeyness of it will be less severe, and I can dismiss it faster when it does come up. * Compassion
* Freedom
* Faith
* Happiness
* Creativity
* Knowledge
* Honesty
* Justice
* Solitude
* Adventure
* Humour
* Power
* Popularity
* WealthHmm, I do this too sometimes, but it's usually over time after spending a lot of time with them, I start talking or moving a bit like them when I'm around them. I think it's subtle enough that I'm the only one who notices it.Really? That sounds like a nightmare to me. Even if it's a positive label, I would overthink it and wonder what they *really* meant. And then avoid them forever because I feel too weirded out, lol.Right, I meant even if they're honest, there's got to be more, right? Like, *why? What does it mean? Why do you think that about me? Why would you want to go on a road trip with me? Do you like me? Do you love me? Or do I give off a "fun, wild" vibe, like I'm not that deep but I would be good for a road trip? Why do you say "could"? Is there a "but"?* And so on. 

But yeah, I see how it could be good and useful, too, to just be able to know how people see me. I've been sorted into Slytherin and Hufflepuff. I think I probably fit most into Hufflepuff, but I like Gryffindor.**A:** 16, female, Canadian

**B:** I am pretty good at memorizing numbers, poetry, and stuff, though I have to actively try to. I will remember random, specific scenes in books/tv that made an impression on me but forget major plot events (ex: I remembered Voldemort drinking unicorn's blood in the forest but couldn't remember whether Snape died or not). I wish I had better long-term memory. It's really sad to me that a lot of my childhood is so fuzzy, and that I've completely forgotten the plots of so many books and movies. I wish I could remember them all!

I try to remember exact conversations sometimes, because I like to play them in my head after and write them down in my diary, but often I will forget most of the conversation like immediately. I usually remember exactly what i said, but not the other person. Though sometimes I can remember specific things people said long ago or details about my friends, and it surprises them when I bring it up.

My memory is pretty bad when it comes to what I ate for breakfast, whether I showered last night, what I did on the weekend, what the teacher just told us to do for homework. When I'm put on the spot it's like my memory goes blank sometimes. I have terrible navigational skills.

**C:** I feel most comfortable around people who are:

* easygoing, nice, understanding

* my friends

* fun to be around, not too serious but not too unserious either

* quiet, because I'm quiet and we can be quiet together, it's all fine

* tolerant of my space 

* have a good attitude

I feel uncomfortable around people who are

* pushy, nosy

* overly talkative and don't give room for others to talk

* overly emotionally expressive, whiny, fake

* so confident and competent it's intimidating

* make inconsiderate jokes

* think they're better than everyone; quick to judge

People who are messy, rude, or whiny annoy me

**D:** I usually try to avoid conflict. I really only get in arguments I'm stubborn in with close family, occasionally close friends. I wish I were better at arguing my point instead of not coming up with a good comeback until two days later. I think reaching some kind of agreement or mutual understanding is the best. I don't enjoy confrontation, and I avoid it if I can. It makes me uncomfortable. I always try not to hurt the other person's feelings. I wish I could be less nervous about confronting people, and handle things more efficiently, but at the same time be tactful and sensitive, though those seem to be mutually exclusive. 

**E:** 
*  I'm very quiet and not very expressive. I can come off as kind of cold and distant. I feel like I'm in my head most of the time. I do really enjoy being in the moment and observing things around me, when I remember to. But most of the time I'm just caught up in my own internal monologue.

* I stumble over my words a lot, though I'm better at talking when I'm around friends. Sometimes I'll start my sentence and it'll be like two thoughts jumbled together or my mouth will just mess up and I'll quietly trail off...no one heard me anyway

* I think most people would say I'm more serious, though I can be more silly than serious around friends. I don't ever really completely let loose though

* I guess I seem more rational around people who don't know me that well? I'm not very emotionally expressive and people have joked about that

* I don't really get excited that much, but when I do, I smile and clap my hands like a kid. I used to get bored sooo much as a kid, but now I don't really, because I always have stuff to do or things to think about. 

* I fidget quite a bit, I think just out of habit and a way to exert energy, even if I'm tired. Being motionless is boring. 

* I think for me spending a whole day resting would involve being productive in my hobbies, like reading, drawing, watching tv, stretching, music. And then half the day I would just lie and think, which is more "resting" I guess. Just thinking about it is making me super wistful. I wish I had a day like that, but. so. much. homework. I like to take small amounts of time out of my day to lie and do nothing, though this makes me feel bad because I got stuff to do. Though being on Reddit does that too.

**F:** Hmm, not sure if this counts, but I guess noticing possible effects what people say could have on others. Or noticing how someone feels in a situation. I am good at noticing clothes usually. I have a talent for noticing haircuts that didn't happen. I was really surprised once to find out that my one friend never noticed that our other friend curled her eyelashes everyday when I noticed that like every time I looked at her. Also I notice grammar mistakes and whatnot. 

Sometimes I don't notice things or people in my environment that people will point out later. I have a friend who i think is ESFP and every second she's like "haha, did you hear what that person said?" "omg, did you see what just happened?" "did you see that person who passed us before?" and 60% of the time I'm like, "nope". 

**G**: 

* Creative activities energize me. I like drawing, painting, making things out of paper, playing with design. Though it can also be frustrating if it doesn't look the way I want it to.

* Simple cleaning and organizing tasks can be very therapeutic and relaxing and satisfying, though they aren't very high on my priorities list. And it's frustrating when things never get totally clean. I love organizing, say, pens in colour order or books alphabetically. 

* I enjoy logic puzzles and even math riddles, though I'm not *that* good at them. Extensive math homework that's just like the same problem every question with different numbers gets tiring and boring and repetitive, especially if it involves calculator work.

* I like playing piano and ukulele but I'm not very good. I like playing the same few songs I know to get better at them, and I also like learning new songs. I can't practice for too long or I get frustrated or bored. 

* Essays stress me out. Performing stresses me out. Planning events and leading and making decisions stresses me out.

* I think debate is important but am not into it myself.

* Talking about or listening to people talk about complex issues and theories, political systems or whatever usually tires me out, particularly when it gets to the point where every response is "but the problem with that is..." "but then you also have to consider..." and it just goes on and on. I can be good at finding different perspectives and discrepancies and contradictions (that is, when I actually understand what's being talked about), but it gets annoying to me when there's no good answer. Might as well change the subject.

* I don't like gossiping. Most of it is pointless.

* I think it's pointless to ruminate extensively about random things that could possibly happen in the future, unless it somehow affects your life now or you're planning on inventing something

* I can be pretty good at teaching, and I enjoy it. I don't like supervising or delegating, it's stressful.

* I'm not very good at comforting people. It makes me feel awkward and inadequate.

Edit: added some more detail
ROI-S. 

56% Realistic

56% Observant

88% Introverted

Adventurer, same title 16personalities gave to ISFP, I think. I fit some parts of the description but I'm not really *that* adventurous.Hmm, then ROI-S = ISFP-T? Then it's accurate for me, too, assuming my typing is correct, and also matches to what I get on 16personalities almost every timeHaha, once I took it and I think it asked me over 40 questions because it kept going "hmm, you're a tough one. here's 5 more questions". It only does that sometimes, though. It's given me a lot of mixed results. Somehow ISFP has never been first, I don't think, and sometimes not on the list at all. Just took it now and got:

57% INFP
11% ENFP
7% INTP
6% INFJ
5% ISFP

Retook it skipping the ones I wasn't so sure of and hey, it got me this time!

36% ISFP
20% ISFJ
13% ISTP
8% INFP
6% ESFPI know I definitely want to be left alone when I'm really angry/upset. My sister is the one who always wants to talk about it. But she uses Fi too (ENFP). I was a pretty good kid, but I was quite sensitive so I got upset a lot and threw "tantrums". That must have been tiring to deal with. My sister, also FP, didn't cry a lot like me, but she was difficult in that she was very insistent on getting her way and argued back more. It doesn't really fit me. I'm afraid of doing the wrong thing so I sort of just cower and avoid everything. The ENFPs I know can talk a lot, like non-stop. They can also be quieter in some situations, though. I think it depends on who they're around. They also tend to be quite good at listening, interestingly. Hey, great idea!

1. ISFP

2. Not sure but I think 4w5 or 9w1

3. My sister took the 16personalities test in her high school psychology class and got me to take it. About 3 years ago? My first result was INFJ. Didn't get really into it until this summer

4. Mom maybe ISFJ? Dad EXFP?

5. Just guessing - ISFP, ESFP, INTP. I don't really have a best friend.

6. No idea, I've always liked INFPs though

7. I'm not really that spontaneous, I mostly just stay in my comfort zone and seem pretty calm and predictable to others. Also I have very little coordination and am bad at like every sportI do hoard napkins, if by hoard you mean stuff unused ones from eating at food courts in my purse, but only because my sister tells me to so we can "save them for future use". Has nothing to do with raccoons, dunno where that came from. 

But the selfish part is true. I like how the ISFP one is quite kind in comparison to the others, so thanks!Maybe this isn't the most violent, but in grade 4 I playfully pushed my classmate while the two of us were reciting this poem our class was going to perform for a Christmas show, and his arm banged into the edge of his desk where he got a flu shot. He seemed to be really in pain, and I felt really bad. Yeah, I mean, fantastic-sounding description, but either it's a tad idealized or I'm not ISFP. Understanding of the human condition? What understanding? haha. Female ISFP here...I don't poke people. I find poking annoying, to be honest. Though I do place my hand on my friends awkwardly sometimes.All these match up to my experience, also:

* blinking pointedly while staring at something that they don't understand

* nodding pointedly and excessively at you when their point is proven or when you have proven yours, as a way of saying "see, told you so" or "ok, I get it"

* reacting to things/people in the environment *all the time*: "did you hear what that person said?" "omg, did you see that?" I don't think I have an all-time favourite song, but right now my favourite is Therapy by All Time Low (ISFP)I can't believe this, but I think I'm actually going to try it. I'll probably feel ridiculous and burst out laughing though. How far must I float away? Do I come back, or should I do this when leaving someone?I'm not sure this is an Se or ESFP thing, because my INTX friend makes hand gestures while talking, a lot. The ESFP I know, I don't think I've noticed her do this:D it's so sad but so lovely to listen to motiv type - XCHXDEG

motiv+ type - xcHw|D|eG

jung: ISFP

Top personality disorders: 73% avoidant, 69% borderline, 62% dependent

Enneagram: 63% type 9

top careers: assassin (why??), game or video game designer, race car driverAck, I'm sorry, I totally forgot I was going to do this. That was the beginning of the weekend, and I wanted to wait till school to try it on my friends. And I have bad memory. Will try to try it tomorrow or the day after! I will report back when I do!jmsr, female

You are the slightly romantic realist. You respect truth, and are broadminded and flexible. Whether you are a man or a woman you are probably a happy person. You like people and they can readily make friends with you. You are not very adventurous, but this does not bother you.

Little John didn't do anything wrong. He defended Marion, which I think is right.

Marion, I think she was justified in sleeping with the Sheriff, in order to save Robin. It never said she wanted to, or enjoyed it, so I take it that she did it purely to save Robin, which I think is noble and forgivable. The only thing that bothers me is she seems to so quickly fall for Little John and forget about Robin, so I put her below Little John

The Sheriff never said why he captured Little John and Robin, so I won't judge him based on that. He wanted to sleep with Marion to release them, okay, that's a little perverted. But he kept his word and released them

Robin abused Marion, and I think that's unacceptable in any case, but even worse here when she was just trying to save him, and he didn't try to understand at all

I also want others to be happy in a group, and I try to pay attention to how my friends feel most of the time, because I think that's the nice thing to do. However, if I do notice someone is upset or not comfortable, I usually am not good at fixing it, and don't really know what to do. And I am often the one who feels awkward or left out. I usually don't include end punctuation, unless my message is more than a sentence. Or if I am worried about sounding cold, then I'll put an exclamation mark to come off friendlier, but this is usually for people I'm not as close to. Or if I am genuinely really excited/riled up about somethingAck, sounds so much like my ENFP. That would annoy me a lot, and what a crazy thing to push onto you! I hate it when people try to make me be a certain way. I like to think I try to be tolerant and understanding of people who think differently than me. I hate when people are judgemental, but I'm really the same way, except I keep my opinions to myself. I lean towards the first for others but the second for myselfWait...so you're saying me, most indecisive person ever to exist, has both sets of decisive functions?

Okay, I guess I can be decisive and even stubborn about certain things, but in general I second-guess myself all the time and it *usually* takes me forever to decide on like, what to order or what gift to buy. I have two friends - I've typed them as INTP and ESFP but those are just my own guesses - who always examine what I have for lunch. I don't think they judge me based on it, they're just *so* interested. Lean over, wide-eyed stare at my lunch container for a good five seconds. I always tell them they're making my food self-conscious. Yes, there's a loop for every type with the dominant and tertiary function. I'm not sure if some types are more likely to get "loopy" than others. Maybe more "introverted" introverts and more "extraverted" extraverts are more prone to it? I don't know, haha.

As I know it, loops are caused by relying too much on your preferred attitude. So since INFPs prefer to be cognitively introverted, it makes sense for them to be prone to falling back on using tertiary Si as well as their dominant Fi, since they are both introverted functions, and to ignore or overlook their extraverted auxiliary. You can see how that makes it unhealthy. An introverted loop causes the person to ignore or avoid the real world or others and get caught up in their own beliefs, thoughts, feelings, ideas without external validation. For extraverts, the extraverted loop causes the person to sort of deny or disregard their internal state. I may be wrong, but that's what I understand. The fix is to use your auxiliary function more, so Ne for INFPs, yes.  Yeah, she might not be INTP, but I always thought it fit her best. That or INTJ. She's kind of spacey and observant at the same time. Not shy, but often quiet and deep in thought. Very into debate. Very into logic. Often gets into this "explanation mode" and adopts a matter-of-fact, slightly condescending tone that infuriates all of us. Though that's how she talks 80% of the time.I agree. I too, love logic puzzles and riddles and am quite sure I have inf Te.Your description of Fi sounds a lot like my ENFP sister. Maybe it's different for introverts, or maybe it's just insecurity, but I keep my feelings hidden often, because I'm afraid of being judged, or don't feel like others can do anything for me, it's easier to just deal with it on my own. She thinks it's fake that I don't share everything. I guess for me I'm protecting myself, and it's difficult for me to express how I feel so it feels fake when I try to, since nothing comes out exact. 

I sometimes worry that I have Fe, because I definitely care about what others think and am concerned about offending others. Sometimes I feel like everything I say around certain people is just what I think they want to hear. Which I hate because it feels shallow and fake, but I can't help it. Introverts can definitely be talkative under the right circumstances with the right people, and you sound like a typical INFP. Ne, I think, is more communication-invigorated than Se, perhaps more than any other function for that matter, so Fi-Ne can definitely lead to being really talkative at times. Hey, thanks, I didn't know what a sinnamon roll was until now. People do say I look/seem innocent lol.I like to wear loose-fitting and/or long shirts/sweaters, shirts with graphics that I like like animals or flowers, and skinny jeans or leggings. I also like button-up shirts. I like the colour purple. I also like pairing a black top with coloured jeans. For shoes, most people know me by my bright purple rain boots, which I wear a lot since it's always raining or threatening to rain here. But if not those, I also like canvas shoes and other boots. No heels. 

I keep my hair down like everyday because I'm too lazy to do anything to it. When I had more time I used to braid it so it'd be curly once or twice a week. The only makeup I do consistently is concealer, curling my eyelashes, and eyebrows, but half the time I forget or don't have time so I skip parts or all of that. Once in a while I wear a bracelet. I should do that more. Not sure what OP's type is but just wanna say I think mirroring others is something everyone does. At least I do it a lot, even though I have Fi, but I usually try not to as it feels inauthentic. Could be ennea 9 thing though. 

Gut feelings sounds like Ni to me. I get those about people sometimes, while I might say I don't know on the surface, I can usually figure out why if I think enough. Usually something observable about their behaviour, which makes sense since I'm using Se-Ni. Or maybe it's Fi-Se. On the other hand, sometimes I just get a feeling out of nowhere that something bad is going to happen and it's not based on anything. I'm never right, though. I think that's tert Ni. Haha, my maybe-INTP friend is really into anime. Is it really an INTP thing?I'd say ISFP. Most of the things you put under Ne, like being in your head a lot, imagining how things could go, can be attributed to Fi-Ni. I relate to those too. The things you put under Se, particularly being impulsive, enjoying experiencing the world, learning hands-on, make me think ISFP is right. Having difficulty with words, which I also relate to, points more to ISFP. Ne is more communication-driven and verbally expressive, so INFPs tend to be better with words. Even your writing style which is more focused and clear gives me more of an ISFP vibe.

Someone mentioned abstract art pointing more towards Ne, but even the example you linked of the splatter paint trees (which I really like, by the way. I wanna try that!) is still a pretty concrete image. Fi and Ni are both pretty abstract so I think ISFPs can still be into abstract art anyway. Hmm, I do stuff like that sometimes, I can be really stubborn and the more you ask the more annoying it is and the more I don't want to accept. Only if I have a reason, though, like I really don't think I'll like it or I am too busy with my own stuff. Sometimes I will still end up doing it anyway, cause I get tired of the asking and realize I should be less stubborn and give it a chance. I think Fi can be really adamantly against other people telling them what to do and what to like, to a fault. Or like one of those logic riddles where you have to figure out who lives in what colour house with what pet and what nationality.Yeah, sure is weird but I can sorta relate. I especially don't like when people tell me I should learn about something or research something. I also hate the "do this now" demand. Sometimes I even want to learn about or try something myself and still don't want to go out of my way and find time to do it. Like I would just rather wait until it comes into my life naturally, or until the moment where I decide that that's what I want to do at that time. I'm really limited in what I want to be interested in at the time, it's usually only a couple things at once. And I have a mental list of like, pending hobbies and interests. Yeah, John's test gives me really off results sometimes. Just got ENFP, haha.

Did you link the wrong test for the second one? I just took it and it doesn't give functions (and is pretty inaccurate, got INTP)Actualized: ISFP

Preferred: INFP

Attraction: INFP

Pretty spot on, though I do quite like being ISFP. I get lost in thought pretty often. Like I won't notice I've stopped paying attention to a movie or words someone's saying to me until I think back and realize I hadn't processed anything. Usually only for a few minutes, though, or less. And sometimes I'll do something dumb cause I'm not paying attention like open the fridge to put something in that doesn't go there...I think my Se is a little underdeveloped. "2016 *literally* killed me"

Like that?Yeah, I would say it's more ENFP/ESFP than INFP/ISFP, but that's my opinionI love puzzles! What kind of puzzles do you mean, by the way? Jigsaw? Puzzle games? Logic puzzles? All of the above? I like them all (though I find some puzzle games [like Tetris] boring [don't hurt me]).

The word puzzle sounds really weird now. 

Maybe it could be a lower Te thing as well?Nice! I used to do jigsaw puzzles with my family as a kid. We'd always have one in progress on our coffee table, glue the pieces down and hang it up when it's done. We have a bunch up on the walls of our home still. 

Edit: I just counted and we have 15 puzzles up in total. It was 17 before but we took down two recently because they were falling offFi-dom, can confirm.

(Actually nah, I do get everything done, but procrastinate like hell on the things I don't want to do)INFJ?Ahhh I was actually thinking of how I was gonna respond to you this morning and I am soo soo sorry but no, I haven't. And I've felt so bad this whole time. The last two days of school I completely forgot, and the one time I saw friends over the break I also completely forgot, and I felt too weird to do it to family members. So I won't make any promises I might break, but I am still thinking about it and do want to try it sometime, and will respond to you if I do it. Just don't expect it to be timely (so sorry!) D:Haha, that video...

Yes that makes me feel better lol. I will definitely tell you if I ever remember to do it *and* remember to get back to you. Yeah, I feel extremely awkward when people around me have emotional outbursts. Like I want to help and feel bad for them, but have no idea what to say.  I'm more likely to give practical advice than outwardly empathize/coo/commiserate.

I could see Fi, thought OP used Fe though because of what she wrote about absorbing others' emotionsNi because they can envision what the final thing will look like and take each step to get there, Te because they can figure out the best and most organized way to do it as fast as possible :DSudoku, my friend. Have you ever played Kakuro? I have it on my phone, it's like Sudoku but with more math. You might like it. Brings back so many memories of doing word searches in school, always a battle with my classmates to see who could be fastest.

(BTW, did you mean crosswords for the second one? [cause if you did, I agree, they're pretty hard])Test link can be found on [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5353s3/hey_im_the_guy_thats_doing_the_mbtisociopathy/)Hooray! I applaud thee (lol). Oh, such Te, already crossing off those new years resolutions. My new years res: be more Te (except only when I feel like it ofc)I want to have kids :) When I was a kid, my dream was to grow up and have kids lol. The desire is less strong now but still something I want in the future.I like movies because you can get the whole story in one sitting and they're less time consuming and often have high production quality, you know everything is there for a reason, but I like TV shows because the story can go on and you can stay with your favourite characters and look forward to each episode, although sometimes they can get boring when they drag on. So I'm not sure which I prefer.My ENFP sister is about half and half I guess. She's responsible, never flaky, always honours her commitments and on time, but she has this "special snowflake" complex, always brag-complaining about how she's so different from everyone and no one is like her, how everyone else is "basic". And she's pretty whiny (*"My life is soo hard. Woe is me."* almost every day)I'm here. Hi. 

Like some others said, I think there might be fewer ISFPs on Reddit than, say, INFPs, or they just don't post cause they're shy (true for me sometimes). INFPs tend to be more wordy and verbally expressive than ISFPs, so they are probably more drawn to forums like Reddit. There are a lot more N types than S types on here in general, I think cause they're more likely to be interested in theory and all that. And they may also be mistyped as INFPs, I also had uncertainties between ISFP and INFP. ISTP??Honestly INTP was my first guess but you said you aren't. I can also see ISTP with perhaps repressed Se? I think your answer to 8b supports that. High Ti is clear to me by the way you need to understand things and your attitude toward debate, introvert comes across pretty clearly, and P type because of "dislike determining things". Also writing style, short and to the point, seems a bit ISTP-ishI got INFJ. What, ISFPs can't think they're weird? And I don't do drugs, lol.Sound INFP to me. The feeling like you're wasting your life and wanting to set goals but not being good at achieving them could be inf TeI have never seen it this way. Cool. Weirdness is definitely subjectiveAnd what about those without Si? I'm pretty nostalgic, I attach sentimental value to a lot of things from my childhood. But I'm pretty sure I prefer Se over SiYeah, I think for me it's like vague pictures too, unless I've seen it again recently, then it will be more vivid. I'll also remember colours, sometimes the sort of style of the drawing. There's this online game I played when I was little, it was a cartoon character dress-up I think, and all I remember is the purple of the background and that the character was tall and skinny and had something striped? It's fuzzy though. I think titles are the easiest to forget, haha. I'm not gonna debate but I'll add in my anecdotes, though I won't label functions cause I'm not so sure what these are indicative of:

ISFP: Apparently I was a pretty quiet, happy, mild-tempered baby. My mom told this story of when I was 1 or 2 and tall enough to reach the apartment door so I just opened it and walked calmly down the hallway. And another time I put a snack wrapper in my mouth and it was stuck in my throat and I just wouldn't eat, drink, or make a sound until I finally reached in and grabbed it out myself. So I guess I liked to be independent and experimental? 

As a kid, I cried, a lot. I had a lot of "temper tantrums", whenever I didn't understand something or someone misunderstood me, or was just upset about some situation, I would get very frustrated and cry and kick things. I had crying problems all the way till maybe 11 or 12. Otherwise, I was pretty mellow, cheerful, and very very shy as a kid. I got bored a lot, but I was creative. I liked to make things out of paper. Read a lot. Wanted to grow up faster. Low self-esteem, in my sister's shadow, wanted to be just like my sister, ladida.  

ENFP: My sister, when she was 2 months old, apparently would make random vocalizations and appear to listen to herself. I think that's pretty funny cause she does that now at 20 as well. She liked attention, would sing and dance in public at 4, and attract a small crowd of strangers. When she was 3 or 4, she was trying to say something to my mom who couldn't understand, and she got very frustrated and riled-up because she couldn't express herself the way she wanted to. Picky eater, picky sleeper. 

As a kid, very creative. Wrote picture books from the age of 6. Invented games of make-belief for me and her to play, all kinds of elaborate stories and worlds. Enjoyed having a little sister to play with and tell what to do. Until I started copying her too much, bugging her too much while she was busy, or ratting her out on mom, then she hated me. Very strong desire to get her own way, very quick to point out if she thought I was getting more attention than her. 

Apparently neither of us cried much as babies, though my sister cried way less during childhood than I did. I don't like to show emotions, but I value having them. 

I hate over-expression of emotion.

Emotions for me are often confusing and difficult, but I guess I value them because I really can't make decisions I'm happy with and comfortable with if I don't consider and sort out how I feel first and foremost? Like even if I end up disregarding my own present feelings and deciding on a logical answer or something that pleases others, it's still because that's what I *want* to do, because I feel it's "right", or better for me in the long run. So in that way, I still am kind of going with how I feel. For me, there's no more fulfilling and pleasing way to go about life.That was definitely unexpectedHey...I usually only take 1 pictureFor the types I mistyped as, I put INFP, INFJ, and ISFJ, but I never actually firmly typed myself as any of those, it was just a period of time where I was uncertain about my type and those three were all ones I considered besides ISFP...hope that's okHmm...I have Ni tert and I get deja vu a lot. I wonder if it really is to do with Ne vs Ni. Do you not get deja vu? 

For me it's definitely very weird and illogical. And the strangest thing is I get it about memories. As in, I'll watch a movie for the first time, and then later on that night I'll think back to it and all of a sudden feel like I've seen it before, even though it was not familiar at all when I was actually watching it. This'll happen also with new songs, meeting new people, etc. The feeling like I actually KNOW this is nagging and it'll last, usually for the next few days or week whenever I think about that face/song/movie scene, even though the first time I saw it I had no doubt it was something new. I think the feeling usually fades away, I just decide that really was the first time I saw it and I was just getting deja vu, where one half of my brain processed something quicker than the other, that somehow prolonged into that nagging feeling. I'm not sure, but I feel like ESFPs can be a bit introverted too, because aux FiI don't get it like that really. It's such a strange feeling though. Do you know for sure that you did have that dream, or is it more of a feeling like you think you had a dream of this happening?ISFP

9w1 sp/so, tritype 954 or 945 probs

Pisces sun, Capricorn moon, Aquarius rising

The only thing about ISFP is I don't really fit some Se stereotypes, maybe repressed Se? And sometimes I feel like...too fluid around others personalities to be Fi-dom but I think ennea 9 explains that? Or just insecurity. Also sometimes I feel like 9 is described as less self-centred than I am but maybe Fi dom explains that? 

Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn all fit me to some degree but not really sure if the category of sign plays in appropriately. This is very entertaining, thank you.

INFP and ENFP are both sad :(

ESTJ and ESTP lool.

The ISFP one is also funnyAcquainted With the Night by Robert Frost

I have been one acquainted with the night.  
I have walked out in rain—and back in rain.  
I have outwalked the furthest city light.  

I have looked down the saddest city lane.  
I have passed by the watchman on his beat  
And dropped my eyes, unwilling to explain. 

I have stood still and stopped the sound of feet  
When far away an interrupted cry  
Came over houses from another street, 

But not to call me back or say good-bye;  
And further still at an unearthly height,  
One luminary clock against the sky 

Proclaimed the time was neither wrong nor right.  
I have been one acquainted with the night.

***

I like the loneliness of it. That too. I think there's a mix of peace and a sort of sad lonesomeness. I love being alone a lot of the time, but when I'm alone outside there's a small sense of loneliness along with the sense of freedomI don't think I have really been out at night alone in a big city. That sounds like something to tryThis is interesting! Hmm I think the Se one works for me. This was very hard for me, haha. I kept changing my mind and switching between answers. Kept coming back to Victor Hugo (ESE) though. I am sooooo not an extravert, ~~but the rest is correct.~~

Edit: J/P is also wrongI think being bossy as a kid can be due to inf Te, also Fi with wanting to do things your way. I agree with INFP.Hahaha ISFP one totally fits. And my sister is ENFP and she does exactly that. Her favourite food is popcorn. I love Melanie Martinez. I think she might be ISFPISFP. I like electropop, alt rock, and pop rock. Also a bit of kpop. 

My favourite artists are Melanie Martinez, Lorde, The Hush Sound, Panic! at the Disco, Twice, Jack's MannequinISFP. I like art, diary writing, and I amateurishly play piano sometimes. I also enjoy stretchingGood point. She definitely seems Fi dom.  I was thinking Se because she's very into aesthetics, has a very distinct style, and pays a lot of attention to the visuals of her album. I don't think Crybaby is necessarily a reflection on her childhood, maybe more of a reflection of who she is currently/at the time of writing it. A lot of it is made up narratives for the character, about her experiences in relationships, or expressing her current feelings, like Mrs. Potato Head which expresses her feelings about plastic surgery or Crybaby which shows how she feels she's sensitive. I'm quite fond of my teal, although I like the ESFJ and ESTJ colours bestSelf-absorbed, cold, isolating from others, self-loathing, relying too much on the feelings of the present moment, forgetting the bigger picture, logic, and others, sometimes escaping problems with physical comforts or addictions, passive aggressive and overly rebelliousI would probably say, "I would be a bad person if I didn't help them"Same, I try to poo while a toilet is flushing or the hand dryer is goingHahaha yess!!!http://i.imgur.com/aVxS5kM.jpgESFP?Oh, this is really interesting! I have Se aux and have always slept very easily. My ENFP sister, on the other hand, has always had lot of trouble falling asleep. I think I usually fall asleep within 10 mins of getting into bed. Only on occasion if I'm at a sleepover or there's a big event the next day I'm anxious about, it will take me longerI'm ISFP. I like the emotional honesty and ability of expression INFPs have. They're like me, except better in discussion. I find myself really lacking ideas for things sometimes. Ne would be nice to tryISTJ?NopeENFP?ENTJ?Your second guess is right! :DENFP?ISTP?ENTP?INTP?Haha true. INFP, then?Oh, cool! I actually guessed ISTP because I know one who looks kinda like you hahaYup haha, the style at leastENFP - I felt like that too when I had x happen to me...*proceeds to tell elaborate story*ISFP one is pretty true for me, especially with enneagram 9 I think1. I have a group of friends. 8. I feel like I am the most well-roundedly close to everyone but at the same time not really *that* close to any of them

2. Every sunrise is different, but the sun comes up, bright and orange, the sky lightens from the horizon up, pale yellows and pinks emerge, golden light casts shadows on clouds tinged pink and purple. I wish I could look at the sun but because it's blinding, I look at the sky around instead

3. I don't. The only people I have ever told are my mom and sister, and only because they asked

4. Late. My time management skills are terrible
Do you feel like you have a strong sense of your own identity? Do you ever feel like your personality changes depending on who you're with?So close.  ISFPAh. I can relate to that answer. Thanks!I don't have really bad nightmares much. Most of my negative dreams involve emotions like embarrassment, anxiety, anger, frustration, which I'd say I feel like I would in real life, although my choices and thought processes in the dream are often lacking. I have had a few dreams where I felt irrationally fearful, even though after waking up, there was nothing really scary in the dream. So it just sounds stupid if I try to describe it to someone and tell them it was a really scary dream. 1. ISFP

2. My Nikon 1 J3 at home, on vacation, and at some events but it's broken at the moment, phone if I'm just out at an everyday place because I won't bring my camera

3. My cat, nature, random objects, friends if I'm at an event

4. It depends how long the vacation is and where. Maybe like 10-50 a day?

5. I upload them to my laptop and sort them into my folder system. I upload to Instagram once in a while

6. Not most of the time, but I guess I can be sometimes. I have an "upside down project" folder of pics I've taken upside down haha. I consider that to be creativeYou sound like an ENFP. Do you get more drained being around people or being alone?ISFP, the emotions-focused thing is definitely something I do a lotThat's true, but Ne doms usually enjoy conversation and discussion and being around people in general. I was really trying to tell between INFP and ENFP, but that might not've been the best question because they can be similarly borderline in introversion extroversionHmm...I think ENFP fits :)Uhh, can I still comment on here? 

I'm sorry, haven't been around here lately, and I just noticed this mention. I'm not entirely sure what this conversation is about, but, um,  I'll have you know that...Yeah,  you're better off forgetting about me and any inkling of hope you still have, if you have any, that I'll actually complete the task. 😔

I haven't forgotten about you though. It occasionally pops up in my mind and it's been at the top of my to-do list. [Proof](http://imgur.com/IFduzjo). Admittedly,  a to do list I look at a few times a week so I can be like, "oh yeah, those things" and make no plans to achieve them (I'm sure some of those things have been on there for over a year). It does happen every so often that I am struck by some spontaneous motovation and am able to cross a thing off....but I shouldn't give you hope XD

BTW,  I do not know about you irl but from your comments and the empathy with which you've responded to me, I think you should give yourself more credit Fi-wise :)For the song, I've heard it before but wow, I never realized just how much it could pretty much be an anthem to my life. So yes, I relate to it, haha!

As for your comment...I don't know if it was the background music (amazing, btw), your rhetoric and prose skills (amazing, btw), or the simple, genuine content of your message, but you have inspired me and filled me with a great mix of delight, slight dejection, and determination. 

I am awed by the quality of your attempts and encouraged by your strength of will to accomplish this task with what seems to my inf Te to be near impossible resolve. Your stories inspire me, and they make this task to appear less daunting. Even if without success, it's the effort here that provides me with the motivation to at least try it out for myself. 

What strikes me the most is the incredible faith you have in me. I must be honest when I say that I do not think I would have the same, if I were you. I thank you for your amazing persistence and patience after I have shown little to no responsibility toward keeping up to my word nor belief in my own self. It's for this reason that your faith in me brings me, alongside joy and esteem, a sadness I cannot explain other than that your faith is greater than mine, and I fear I may not live up to you. But it's this faith of yours that inspires me most of all. I feel I must not let you down, after you've expressed so much hope in me.

This will not be easy for me...I've realized some things are much easier to commit to, when making a comment online, than when actually on the battlefield, eyeing a friend and trying to gather the courage and confidence to simply poke them. *It's a bad time. They're turned toward me. The angle isn't right. They'll see me coming and that would be weird. There isn't space. I wouldn't be able to float away after because I need to talk to them.* I make a multitude of excuses, that is, when I'm even good enough to remember when an opportunity does arise. So I know this will be difficult. But I am determined to try. 

I'll be honest in that I'm uncertain how much I will enjoy this. It may, instead, become an embarrassing moment that'll haunt me for the next few months when I look at the receiver and remember. But what I am certain about is that, whatever awkwardness or cringeyness I may feel in the moment, it will be vastly overwhelmed by the joy I will feel. Not, perhaps, in the act or the reaction, but the immense joy in the knowledge that I will finally be able to report back to my instructor and comrade MadMarx5, not anymore in complete failure! That I will have something to cross off my to-do list. That I will not have failed myself, either. And you are right, it's possible I may surprise myself and enjoy the act itself, too.

Whatever I achieve, I can't promise it will be anywhere near as extensive as what you've set out to do in your workplace. Maybe I will only poke one person, maybe I will poke more. But I do promise I will try, more than I have. I WILL POKE SOMEONE! I WILL DO IT!

Thanks again for your astounding faith and encouragement :)MadMarx! I have news! I poked...one person. A quiet ESFP, one of my best friends even though we no longer hang out as much as we used to - she sorta drifted out of our friend group and formed a different one. We still pick our lockers beside each other.

So I was walking toward my locker, and she was standing in front of the vending machine across the narrow hallway from our lockers, trying to decide on what chips to get. Passing behind her and feeling a rush of nervousness, I poked her decisively on the arm, through the puff of her white jacket. 

I turned around to face her as I continued backward toward my locker, and let out a laugh through my smile. She turned her head and didn't react much, honestly. She just looked at me with her usual calm warmth, not upset or confused, though there may have been a hint of surprise under there. 

She's the most physically touchy of all my friends - poking is in her area of expertise. I recall in middle school, she and our other best friend would just poke each other back and forth, saying "boop". 

So I had been walking backward toward my locker, but two guys were standing in the way. Yes, I bumped into them a little. Not hard, I've had worse bumps while walking forward. I turned around and said sorry awkwardly. Regular Wednesday for me. I continued forward to my locker and that was that. I think she may have joined me at her locker beside mine after finishing at the vending machine. Didn't mention it or anything.

So it's not a terribly interesting story and I'll admit my target was not a more difficult one. It was not too bad, it felt a little weird, but it was also a little fun. :D I am happy too. Thank you very much for helping me to be more Te and accomplish a goal I would have otherwise given up on. 

Don't worry if you take your time (I definitely did...). I will be excited to hear the INFP story!The empathetic therapist thing sounds more like an INFJ thing to me. Don't worry about the stereotype so much. You sound like you could be INFP. Dominant Fi tends to be private with emotions, like me, I'd be pretty awful and overwhelmed in that situation.ISFP and I like pop rock, alt rock, and electropop. I dislike EDM and rap. I used to be so obssessed with being ISFP I would start to try to be more like what I thought fit the ISFP's functions. For better or for worse. Which is really...unnecessary. Like someone else said, you are who you are. And you can certainly believe in the theory or find it useful without having every inch of yourself fit your typeSo I've been trying to type myself for a few days now. I've taken a lot of online tests (free ones, of course) and have gotten everything from ISTJ to INFP. The only thing that always stays the same is the I, because clearly I'm very introverted...haha.

Comparing each set of letters, I think I'm ISFP, although pretty borderline between sensing/intuition and perceiving/judging. 

From what I've read on here, you guys seem to take more stock in cognitive functions than just letter vs. letter. So I read a little bit about the functions, don't understand them too well yet, and honestly it just makes me more confused. Through reading descriptions and a bit of testing, my dominant function seems to be Fi (though I'm not sure if it is or if I just want it to be - testing is so confusing!), though that cancels out the possibility of ISFJ/INFJ, and I'm not sure if rightfully so since I score J quite a bit and can usually relate to ISFJ descriptions more than ISFP.

As for Se vs Ne, I have no idea! I feel like I'm neither, like I'm not sensing enough to be S and not intuitive enough to be N. I can't seem to decide between facts/concrete/details/the present and theories/ideas/possibilities/future. I feel like I focus on both equally, but neither one extremely.

Okay, I'll stop with the rambling, probably uninformed speculation (this is probably going to be a long post, sorry) and just tell you some stuff about me that might help.

* I am very organized with physical objects: the books on my shelf are in alphabetical order, sometimes I make all my pencil crayons face the same way in my pencil case, etc. However, I don't feel I'm good at organizing my life

* I hate planning so sometimes I'd prefer to just go with whatever comes, but often I feel the *need* to plan things out, because improvising is scary and I'm bad at it, and I'll find myself meticulously thinking through every little detail and possibility of what's going to happen. This is less like a plan and more like imagining scenarios, because it rarely plays out exactly as I think, which is fine by me

* I'm highly indecisive and I usually put off making a decision until I have to. Even then it's cripplingly difficult. It annoys my sister when I can't immediately answer yes or no to simple things like whether I want to go swimming that day or not.

* I don't consider myself to be very idealistic. Sure, I want to help people, I always think about how I want to be a better person, and I want to make the world a better place. I have generally optimistic views about my own future. I don't think I'm going to change the world in any huge way, though.

* I'd *prefer* to work first, play after, but I'm also a huge procrastinator. For example, right now I'm procrastinating on my English assignment. I'm not the kind of person who thinks, "ah, I have tons of time, why worry about it now when I can do it later?" I'm more of the kind of person who thinks, "I should do it I should do it I should do it, so I can relax later...but finding out my type tho...it's really important."

* I don't think I'm very observant. I always wish I were more observant, so I can be the person who notices everything about everyone and has this storehouse of information and details in their head. When I try to be more observant, I usually just end up getting lost in my thoughts anyway. When I'm walking outside I usually alternate between happily taking in the beauty of the world around me and getting lost in thought.

* I value compassion more than almost anything. I don't know how compassionate I really am, though. I often act or respond with indifference to my family when they're telling me stuff (usually I'm thinking, when are you going to stop talking so I can get back to my own thoughts?), and I feel like I come off as kind of cold and unemotional, though that could be because I'm very reserved and inexpressive. I think I do care a lot inside. When making decisions, I always try to consider other people. I don't like confrontation and I hate it when people around me don't get along.

* I love logic puzzles, like sudoku and those puzzle blocks you have to assemble or disassemble a certain way

* I love animals. I feel like I can be myself around them without fear of being judged

* I'm quite forgiving. I don't have any grudges, though maybe that's because no one has wronged me in that big of a way. I think forgiveness sets people free. Not just the people you're forgiving, but you yourself. 

* I am pretty particular about details and facts. I'm that annoying person who tells my friend, you mean you're not your. I don't do it to random people on the internet, though, I think that's pretty pointless.

* I love art, although sometimes I lack creativity. Like I'll stare at my sketchbook wanting to draw but not knowing what to draw. When I have an idea or goal in mind though, I am pretty creative. I make homemade birthday cards, and jewellery and accessories for my sister. I have a good eye for design when it comes to things like Word documents and Powerpoint.

* I've always loved reading. I like fantasy and science fiction as well as realistic stuff.

* I enjoy wordplay and cheesy puns. I also want to learn other languages. I also like knowing random trivial things that normally aren't that useful to me in day-to-day life, like different knots and interesting etymology and being able to recognize country flags.

* I am afraid of stepping out of my rather small comfort zone. I think I do have an adventurous part of me, though, like I want to travel everywhere and go skydiving and bungee jumping and water skiing. This is all in theory, though, I don't know how I would actually fare with these things as I haven't tried them. So much to try in the world.

* Having an idea of my plan for the future is very consoling, even though it's not very detailed or planned out. I don't think it should be too planned out anyway, because anything could happen and things could change. There are so many possibilities. That's what's exciting, and terrifying. 

* I pretty much never spend much time imagining things like my wedding day or how my life will be like in 10 years. I do spend a lot of time imagining possible near future scenarios and conversations with people, although these almost never happen because I am too shy to say half the things I imagine myself saying. I hardly even approach others and start conversations besides with close friends. I feel like I can never bring the conversation past polite small talk (I often fantasize about replying with something deeper than "good" when someone asks me how I am, though this never actually happens).

* Sometimes my sister (ENFP) comes up to me with some sentence starting with "what if in the future..." (she's very clearly an N). It'll be something like "no one drives cars anymore" or "every1 writes like dis" or "we don't need to use the toilet, we just take some pill that makes our bodily waste vanish in our bodies." and I'll say "uhh..yeah. I guess that could happen. That would be cool/fun/weird." But, like, although I get those thoughts occasionally too, what's the point in thinking about it? It doesn't change anything now. 

* My friends consider me a good gift giver. 

* I was very emotional and threw a lot of temper tantrums as a kid. Sometimes I wonder what happened to me...although I get angry in arguments sometimes, I normally am not really comfortable expressing my emotions.

* I feel like no one truly knows me. In a lot of ways, I don't really know myself.

Ok, I should probably stop there. Hopefully you can give me some insight based on that! Tell me if you want to know anything else. I really appreciate the help!  
Do you think that the intuitive mistype on many MBTI is due to the fact that many of them ask vague questions, such as "you enjoy reading theoretical book" or "you understand abstract theory"? Because several of the MBTI test I've taken have had questions like this, and I'm staring to wonder if that may be the route cause to what seems like an excessively high amount of intuitives. I can answer "yes" to both of the questions I previously stated, but for some reason I've always had this lingering doubt that I was not a sensor, and after looking at the cognitive functions, I was positive that my dominant function is Si. Also, many people only take one or two online test and do not bother looking at the cognitive functions (perhaps they may not know about them), and they just label themselves with whatever result the test spit out and go from there. 















I decided to post this because there seems to be an extremely high volume of people on the internet who type themselves as xNxx. Now, I know that it's likely that xNxx types are more attracted to the Internet and MBTI than xSxx types, but for whatever reason I think several of these people are mistyping themselves. Also, I know I will cause a lot of controversy by saying this, and I do not intend on offending anyone, but I'm shocked at the number of INFJs on the Internet, because many of them seem more like INFPs, ISFPs, or even ISFJs or ENFx to me. I know that everyone is different and one INFJ can vary greatly from another INFJ, and that an individual probably knows who they are and are probably typing themselves correctly, but it seems like there is an incredibably high number of INFJs on MBTI boards. Perhaps INFJs are more likely to gravitate towards MBTI and typology. 


































Also, my enneagram is 5w6, which is apparently uncommon for ISFJs. So who knows, maybe I'm mistyping myself. However, I think ISFJ fits me in terms of cognitive functions. I guess I could say that I'm just incredibly tired of the hate sensors get, and I'm pretty fed up with other sensors who mistype or perhaps lie to themselves that they are intuitives, and getting outraged when they find out that they are closer to a sensor than an intuitive. Again, I don't mean to offend anyone with this post. I don't know why I'm so concerned with a pseudoscientific personality system or why I'm irritated my they all the blatant MBTI mistyping across the interent. I'm actually staring to believe the theory that many of the people saying that they are intuitives (especially INFx types for whatever reason) are only saying it to look special. Perhaps the MBTI people do not want to change the test, because it's upticked in popularity over the past few years, and maybe they're making more money by making people feel like they're "special snowflakes". Because you know, if they're making more money, then why would they have the incentive to make the test more reliable? 









































Anyways, I'm sorry for the rambling. I think I'm taking this topic way too seriously, and I'm perhaps going too deep into this subject and overthinking it. Maybe I need to go to bed...




Pretty much every online description of ISFJ equates to "mom" to me, and I don't feel like an motherly person at all. I think it's time for several of the MBTI websites to update their descriptions of xSxx types, since there are more people interested in MBTI now. For example, there's probably tons of ISFPs who are getting typed as INFP, since the description of INFPs tend to be "deep", while the descriptions of ISFPs tend to be "you like art". I'm not sure about my observations, however, because there is the possibility of there being more intuitives than previously thought, and the idea that there are significantly more sensors than intuitives may be wrong. Actually, when I first discovered the MBTI test, I always thought that everyone has the ability to sense and intuit, it's just that most people prefer and are stronger at sensing than intuiting, and I also thought that the same applies to thinking/feeling and judging/perceiving, kind of like how you describe in your paragraph. I also assumed that extraversion and introversion just meant where you get your eagerly from, and that most people do not test as a strong introvert or extravert. However, whenever I go on MBTI discussion forums, my original way of interpreting the MBTI seems to be unpopular, so I just started to go with the way most people interpret it I.e. you're either a strict introvert or extravert, you're either a sensor or intuitive, and you can't be an intuitive with a few sensing traits or vice versa, you either think or feel, and you either perceive or judge. Maybe this comes from people not paying attention to cognitive functions or not bothering to look up Jung's original theory, because I have met people who type as NTs, and they think that they have no feeling abilities, and use this as an excuse for being unpleasant. This actually brings up another thing I'm getting sick of with MBTI. I'm sick of people using their MBTI type as an excuse for bad behavior and their social ills, and I flat out cannot take it when people use their MBTI as a way to shape their personality. I always thought the MBTI was a way to understand how people view, process, and think about things, not a means to shape your personality and make you feel "special". Ok, that makes sense. the explanation you linked clears up a lot of the confusion I had. I did not know that. Does that mean that their is a possibility that half of the people saying they are ENFP may actually be ESFP, ESFJ, or even ESTP? So basically, to some extent MBTI is valid, but the test online are wildly innacurate, thus they  misrepresenting the MBTI system? Hello. I'm sorry for the late reply. 


































































I don't relate to the online description of INFJ because it has this, I don't know..."mystical" quality to it. However, oddly enough, I can kind of relate to Jung's original description of ISFJ more than the Myers-Briggs or other modern descriptions of ISFJs. I'm not an extremely well-grounded person, and I live in my head more than the actual physical environment I'm in. I've also taken a few Big 5 test, and most of them say I'm "limbic", because I'm an extremely anxious/worried/depressed person, and I can easily think of the ways an event could end up, with only makes my anxiety/worry/depression worse. Some of the ideas I come up with make no sense to other people, and they look at me like I'm crazy. I can also tell when people may be lying, even when they are not with me in the physical moment, and if I'm right that said person who is not physically present was lying, people find it crazy or even creepy. I also like to do kind of strange things, like writing down my brains sensations in a journal, and I try to figure out why my brain does things does (is that grammatically correct?). I'm also more interested in what is not in front of me than what is, and I'm obsessed with the future. Another thing is that ISFJ is more common that INFJ, so I think it's more likely that I'm an ISFJ than an INFJ. I also read on tons of MBTI sits that INFJ is the most extroverted of the introverts, and I'm not a very extroverted person. I also cannot relate to the INFJs I meet online. They all seem extremely self-absorbed and worried about how something makes them feel, whereas I'm I focus more on making others feel comfortable. I also constantly see the people INFJ MBTI forums blow up at anyone who disagrees with them. I guess that's we I think I'm an ISFJ and not an INFJ. I'll fix it. I know, I think I need to put my mind on something else other than MBTI. Ok, I'll make a longer post on why I think I'm an ISFJ and not an INFJ in a few days. But for now, I'll answer the questions you posted: 



























































&gt; -Experience a premonition or foresee the distant future. (Ni) or
-Notice whether the details in front of you match what you are accustomed to. (Si)











I relate more to the Si part of this questions, although I can see future possibilities sometimes. 
































&gt;-Achieve a metamorphosis, definitive insight, or powerful vision of change. (Ni) or
-Compare an experience against a storehouse of familiar experiences to find what's reliable




























I guess I'll go with the Ni question on this one? I really do not understand how other ISFJs have the ability to compare one experience to the other to find what's reliable. 


































&gt; Um, I guess Ni again on this one? I don't really follow steps to make sure something is predictable. 


































&gt; -Feel attracted to the symbolic, archetypal, or mysterious. (Ni) or
-Review a lot of information over time to confirm what is customary or standard. (Si)
 

















I guess Ni again...






































&gt; Transform yourself by focusing inward on a specific way you foresee you will need to be. (Ni) or
-Fulfill the same regular work or activity everyday at a comfortable pace. (Si) 



























Now I'm staring to doubt if I really am who I think I am because again...Ni...



































































&gt; Push your mental limits to complete an array of innovative achievements. (Ni) or
-Point out discrepancies between how things are and the way they have always been. (Si)

































I guess Ni again...













































I still think I'm ISFJ, since it's more common and I relate to it more than INFJ, but I'm no longer 100% sure about it anymore...So it's highly likely that I'm not a sensor but an intuitive? Are you sure? Is there a possibility that I'm ISTJ, ISTP, or ISFP? Should I look into those types too? Because I really do not think I'm an intuitive. I really do not see how it's possible for someone to just looked what's in front of them and willingly go with it. Why do you think I'm a intuitive? I want to be an ISFJ because I've always been rejected by other females, and I read that XSFX is one of the most common MBTI types for females. After discovering that I am an ISFJ, I now feel as though I can learn to make female friends better, since I am not as different from them than I thought. I don't think I'm an intuitive, and I don't understand why someone would think I'm an XNFX, and not and XSFX or XSTX. Now, do admit that intuitive types often understand me more than my fellow sensors, but that may be due to my interest, not because I'm an NF. I'm sick of people questioning my ability to type myself. I think I am an ISFJ because I am an ISFJ. I refuse to say I am an INFJ (even though it's the result I get 90% of the time on MBTI and on 80% of the time on cognitive function test) because it would be dumb to run around saying I am an INFJ when it's far more likely that I'm an ISFJ. I don't want to be like the rest of the people running around on the Internet saying they are INFJ, just because it is "unique" and "trendy". Literally every other person on the Internet is running around calling themselves an INFJ, when it's pretty obvious that most of them are ENFJS, ENFPS, INFPs, ISFPs, and ISFJs, and only a few of them are actually INFJs. I don't want people online to look at me and say "oh look, another mistyped INFP or ISFJ who thinks they are INFJ". Again, I say that I'm an ISFJ because I am an ISFJ. Ok, I understand it better now. I identify as an ISFJ because I am an ISFJ. I took the test you linked. Here are my results: 





















































































&gt;Your personality type is: INFJ
Preference Clarity Categories: 
(Slight, Moderate, Clear, Very Clear) 
Very Clear Introversion: 21/21
Clear Intuition: 22/26
Moderate Feeling: 16/24
Clear Judging: 20/22























































I'm still not sure though. 
I'm not silly. I know what type I am. Why does everything need a logical explanation? What type are you? No you're not. You're just saying that to piss me off. I bet you are an XNTX. But I'm an ISFJ...Are you really an ISFJ? 


But I don't think I'm INFJ...Why?You're not an ISFJ.
Physical attractive girls.  Any. Preferred SP.Sensors? ESTP is the type that gets the most girls retgardless.

So I guess N's aren't in it for super hot women.

More books and science? Lol.I don't care about being an N. There are different types of intelligence.

I find ugly people repulsive, while N's don't.

Being an N could contradict my own beliefs. Which is not a good thing.I'm just saying that N'a don't care. I can't imagine finding ugly people attractive.

N's do."The fuck" that I am talking about is that N's/SJ's find people who are extremely physically ugly to SP's, to be attractive.
 

That is factWell it isn't exactly new to you.K you win.Yes, very silly.Didn't you say you were INFP?

I'm rational too, but agreeableness really different for everyone.Isn't all of these, the popular definitions?

I find the OP's definition very unique.One has Fi and the other has Fe........

The difference is like night and day........ISFP got nothing better to do.

Explain your post?ISFP here.

Without Fi I would be losing a big part of who I am. 

However ESTP might be worth it. 

I like ISFP the most, but of course I am biased.
I don't believe in statistics. Unless they literally get information  on every single person in the US.(with their type being confirmed)

I won't believe anything. I don't think small scale studies do any justice.

My personal opinion I don't think there is a huge gap difference between any type. The only thing making people think this is the areas they live in. Cry it out.

Enjoy the bitter-sweet feeling. (Bathe in the feels) (typically has to do with music)

Rationalize with Te.What exactly do you want me to say? A lot of these thing is based entirely on speculation. 

You think that there is a huge gap? And why is that?

My opinion is based on personal experiences which is pretty much what everyone here speaks from.

Although this ISN'T part of my argument. Society **does**have elements of every type.
Alright then. Cool story.

Agree to disagree.Thing is, pretty much everything associated with personality psychology is empirically groundless.

1) Reality Warping 
Everything here.
http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/Reality_Warping

2) No

3) probably 5. Since I don't believe in the objective definition of good/bad.

4) 9

5) 10

6) No

I would use this power to fulfill my all time wish. To become the most powerful person in the world so that nobody can ever fuck with me. I really don't know lol. It's a weird post.

I just felt like posting for the sake of posting.I don't think this is accurate.ISFP here

I remember a friend that had when I was a teen(I'm 20), I'm  100% that he is an N. ( his Ne was pretty obvious, I didn't know what it was back the And thought it was a bit weird.)

Thinking back, he was the friend that I got along with the most in my whole entire life. (We were supposedly "best friends")

However I was dumb and immature and completely sabotaged the friendship

I think ENFP or ENTP. (More likely ENTP)

EDIT: not sure if I or E.



(Ne) is pretty much very obvious to me. I described it in the past before.

But it's like they are talking to you while daydreaming at the same time.I'm pretty sure INFP is known to be very social?

EDIT: not sure why someone downvoted me. I could show you source of you'd prefer that.&gt;but I think you might have mixed up introverted and social.

I didn't say anything about whether or not introversion and being social are the same or different.

I just mentioned it based on what the post implied it was.Look, this is what I mean

&gt;ISFPs are a toss-up as I've seen some that are pretty talkative and some that don't talk at all

He implies that being talkative to being synonymous with introversion.

Which brings me to the conclusion that "being social" has to do with introversion too.( according to his definition)From their official site.

http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/extraversion-or-introversion.htmOh, all this time I thought you were ESTP. My bad lol.No I mean your other posts.Ya but that's just due to ignorance...... And also, there are many things that intutives consider to be "insults" that Se users don't care at all.

IMO ignorant people are irrelevant because they don't have a complete understanding yet.



I don't know there was a vibe that indicated that maybe you were an Se user.

Maybe it's just me lol. I'm not saying anything for sure.&gt;Because a lot of info about MBTI which people *look at and read*

I don't know where you been looking at. But most popular typing websites just pretty much sugar coat everything. Both S and N is just full of positive stuff. You can't even tell the difference.

&gt;Sensors are naturally intrigued to intuition

We are all intrigued by the opposite functions mainly because we don't have it......... Doesn't mean we like them or consider them to be better.

&gt;the idea of iNtuition is just a lot more interesting as it is, since reality is boring.

Maybe for SJ's and STP's.

Ehhhh. I'd have to argue that reality can be pretty damn fun lmao..........  To the point of being more fun than fantasy, (ESFP's know this best)

in fact the idea of being "trapped in your head" seems pretty painful.
See, this is what I mean by a "matter of perspective".
&gt;[Really](https://www.16personalities.com/intj-strengths-and-weaknesses)  
[now?](https://www.16personalities.com/istj-strengths-and-weaknesses)

How does that prove anything? N's has it's own weakness too.

&gt;Drones on their phones and PCs would disagree with you on that(yes, that includes me).

Wait so being on the phone or PC means we like fantasy over realism?

Are you trying to say that N's invent computers and phones? But pretty much I can say the exact same thing about Se........

Pretty much everything extremely popular has somewhat to do with Se.

Sports, pop culture, adventure/experiencing the moment,adrenaline junkies, Music( biggest thing here), news,Reality Tv, fashion, and looking really really good.

Although N's probably don't enjoy these things as much.What you mean speak for myself? It's obvious that the average N is better at math than Se users.

It's pretty much a widely accepted and reasonable concept.

Unless you an SJ? Then it can be debatable.Not a troll, just my thoughts of your type. Based on your comment history and post.

I think SJ or N. 

Don't agree? K den.

EDIT: I don't know why I got so much downvotes. And why the fuck does his comment.

"Functions have nothing to do with skills" get upvotes?

Now maybe rarely, S can be good at an N thing and vice versa? But that doesn't mean they will excel, or that it "has nothing to do" with it.

Functions does have everything to do with skills.it's ironic because we discuss it like that 99% of the time in the forums. Yet people deny it.

Also, famous intelligent people in the field of abstract physics like hawking is no doubt an N. Same with philosophy like Plato and Aristotle.  highly doubt an Se user can or has ever taken their places before in all of history.

Oh the irony. LOL.  Go figure, people these days.I think this is kinda obvious but I'll say it anyways.

STP's.I mean Se user as in the first 2 functions lol. I thought that was pretty obvious based on my OP........

SP.

Also, you are an NT so chances you "SUCK" at math is slim.

What you mean you "suck" at math? Are you at least college level? ( calculus and up?) You a law student then you definitely above college calculus level.

You don't suck lol.

What do you mean suck as in failing? Or as in "not the best"?  Or just slow at thinking?

&gt;sensor friends are in engineering

SJ's and STP's and possibly ESFPS?

Engineering isn't entirely abstract.

ISFP is impossible, chances are 1 out of a million.

&gt;but it REALLY isn't simply about functions.

yea I acknowledged this before. It's definitely not "all" about functions.  The guys above quote for quote said "nothing to do with it"

But it definitely has a big part to do with it. And obviously, big enough to dictate the types of the smartest people in each field.

Nearly all famous people in math, philosophy, abstract concept invention( and all N stuff) Alive or dead. History or present. Are N's.

People like Einstein and Hawking, in all of history no Se user can or has ever taken their places before in all of history.

And yes, there's a reason for that.





The only book you need to understand MBTI is "Gift's differing".

If you wanna get technical and learn all the other T"ish things. Then you will need to read Jung's original work.

I think called "psychological types".Yea it definitely depends more on the person than type.

However, IMO it makes sense that Fi would be in conflict with Te. Knew all of this already. I think only noobs would believe any of this.Si or Se can.ISFP here.

I don't know how to explain lol. My Fi is no doubt VERY developed, to the point where I might even say I rely on it too much.

I personally, have trouble escaping from Fi. 

Not sure what your question regarding Te is about but this is what I know.

If my Fi is in agreement with the subject/activity/whatever.....then my Te is much more easier to use.

To answer your question though, honestly I don't know. Since I use it so much unconsciously, it not even a choice.... My Fi is turned on 24/7

EDIT: I get emotional when I listen to nostalgic catchy music...... I kind of just "bathe in the feels".

Thing is, I don't know if this is Fi or even Fi exclusive. I do however, believe that Fi doms are much much more emotional than any other type when it comes to things like "warm feelings in relationships".

Ya I noticed this too. 

Something interesting is that I think the quote
 "ignorance is bliss" really fits Extroverts

I don't really know how to describe it,

I'm not saying they are dumb or anything, just that they tend to be fearless and do things without hesitation or shame. Mainly because they typically aren't aware of any of these things.  Hence the quote "ignorance is bliss".

It's really a trait i admire.Not understanding what you trying to say here.ISFP here

I personally wouldn't say I'm manipulative..... I mean it depends on what you mean by "manipulative".

The only thing that I can think of,that has anything to do with being "manipulative" is that......

Most people always see me as "the good kid". Like that's the vibe I give off everywhere I go. It also has to do with my  ISFP personality and my babyface. ( but then again, ISFP's with an intimidating face wouldn't have this benefit) (my face just happen to fit my personality.)

How that can be manipulating is that while people think I'm a "good kid" on the outside. Sometimes I just choose to play along, since my personality naturally gives off that vibe, I don't even have to try. 

Thing is, I'm not exactly as "good" as they think I am.
(So I guess that'd could be manipulating?)

Another thing that could have to do with ISFP's being manipulative is that sometimes(not always) I can  have an hidden agenda in mind. (Not sure if applies to all introverts)

Such as for example
- I might be nice to you because I want something from you. Etc.......

**Bottom line** 
I guess I can be manipulative...... But all types can be manipulative, and I DEFINITELY wouldn't say ISFP's are most manipulative. IMO Fe is the most manipulative function there is.


Gon is Fe dominate? What in the world? Are we watching the same show?

Gon is clearly an ESFP, he's way too simple minded and straight forward to be an ENFP.

What makes you think Gon is Fe dominate? (Keep in mind that EXFP types can somewhat mimic Fe behavior.

Anyways I'd like to hear your explanation.ISFP here

**Disclaimer: as with everything MBTI related, it's a matter of opinion and personal experiences. Everything is subject to speculation, nothing is objectively correct**

&gt;*Really* pisses me off when people say Se is "sight, hearing, touch, taste, smell"

&gt;Not *only* does it imply ridiculous shit like the fact that Si users apparently have lost all their senses

I have no problem with people saying that. If we are speaking of raw senses, IMO Se users definitely have a clear advantage here. Si users "record" senses and then experience, while Se users simply "experience" them. 

&gt;Like "See, everyone else things, sees possibilities, understands the universe- and then you have these morons who only pay attention to their primitive senses"

Now I can't speak for STP's(their Ti offers analysis and perhaps other possibilities stem from it) but for me personally. Consciously coming with up ideas has always been a big problem for me. Stuff like "brainstorming for English class" and coming up with "idea for stories/writing assignments" were always really hard/draining.  When it comes to abstract possibilities, my mind feels blank, until Ni strikes from my unconsciousness. 

IMO SFP's users definitely  have a harder time seeing "abstract possibilities" . Tangible possibilities they are better at.

&gt;Se is confrontational. Bold. It deals with matters by *fucking dealing with them*.

I agree with this part, I mean, it's a pretty well known thing lol. I have to be straight forward because I literally cannot think of any other way.

&gt;If a danger happens, they believe in their other abilities (ie; just talking and understanding how the situation is likely to develop) to get themselves out of it.

Not sure what you are trying to say here. HOWEVER, I do have an idea.

I tend to always believe that I'm prepared, even when I am obviously not prepared. There's 2 factors for this reason. 

1. Planning things isn't fun, I like the element of surprise and then reacting to them. (Sometimes it because I'm just plain lazy I prefer to be spontaneous)

2. I tend to be fixated on one simple possibility. Therefore I don't pay attention to other possibilities(or perhaps just "believe" in the possibilities) 

&gt;Spend one day with an ESxP, and you will feel like every day you do absolutely fucking nothing.

I think this is pretty obvious ....... But I do have an ESFP brother and he's usually out with friends most of the time. But he does have alone times on the computer, when he plays games on steam with other people/ COD 3 zombies.

Ok not sure here if you are a troll, or just simply lack the basic understandings of the MBTI.

&gt;it's all about his friends and he is very caring? 

Is that the best you got?

K then lol, not even going to argue. You clearly have never met an real ESFP in real life before.

&gt;Look at how he expresses himself, how he influences the emotional atmosphere, etc. His ethics are clearly directed outwards. 

An ESFP can have all of those too, not to mention his personality as a whole just screams out ESFP vibe. ESFP's direct their Fi outwards too. That's way it may seem like Fe at times. I know this all too well, my brother is ESFP and dad is ESFJ.

Honestly I don't know what else to say...... Besides linking you the gazillion websites/posts that say Gon is ESFP.Ok then provide the reasons for why you think he is ESFJ. 

You say he cares about other people? While it has been explicitly mentioned so many times by Togashj that Gon is in fact "very selfish"?

Come up with a better argument pleases

Not to mention I could simple link you to all the gazillion websites/post that say Gon is ESFP. &gt;Again, where do you see the Se and Fi? He screams ESFP? That's all you have? 

He lives in the moment and is straight forward?  A lot of his so called "Fe" behavior can very well be Fi too. You are saying Fi can't care about friends? Fi cannot be considerate? 

He does not show any Si at all or Fe. 

&gt;Yes, because forum posts and fun articles are very reliable.

it's the only thing there is, not to mention some posters are veterans who have years of experience in the MBTI. 

On topics such as the MBTI which replies on pure speculation. I'd say majority rules is very convincing. Especially when people come from all different walks of life.

EDIT: you are getting socionics to this? That does not apply here. &gt;but Gon isn't actually spontaneous, he's just a judger who makes decisions quickly and decisively

Lol

It's been explicitly stated again and again that Gon in the anime is extremely impulsive and simple minded.&gt;I'm also glad that nothing I've stood out was blatantly wrong to you :p

well somethings I didn't completely understand...... Pretty much all the things I didn't put in my comment.Lmao. Ok then let's debate. You go first.I mean like acting without thinking. XSFJ's by default cannot do this because of Si. They need to process the information first. Se on the other hand. Just jumps in without thinking. They are hot headed and simple minded. 

XSFJ's  are not simple minded, Si-Ne accumulates a lot of abstract information for possibilities.  They can be very abstract and complex minded.

Not to mention it has been explicitly stated that Gon is very well an ESFP. ( almost literally, the whole idea of the "Enchancer" description pretty much screams Se).

&gt;I guess, but thats more how it manifests with NXPs. You know, people with primary or auxiliary Ne. With ESFJs its much more subdeud. Its tertiary sure, but it only plays a supportive role. They aren't exactly abstract people. Also, tertiary or inferior Ni users could just as easily be referred to as abstract such that you could then describe everyone as abstracters, which would be ridiculous. 

No that's not. Ne-Si sees the possibility first and then records them.

Si is inherently abstract so yes they are abstract.

&gt;No less than ESFPs are. Come on they aren't exactly logic, they just go with what feels right, and if others do things that don't feel right they assume is immoral or idiotic. Pretty much every ESFJ I've met does this. 

ESFJ's are a lot more analytical(as a general trait) than ESFP's are. 

&gt;No *somewhat* at best, when they are later life. But usually they are not exactly the most logical type. 

again, Si is inherently abstract and complex minded.

&gt;By who? Unless its the anime team or the manga writer, then it could easily be wrong, and even a writer can create a chanaracter and be wrong about their personality type. In fact, its entirely concievable that every person on the planet can believe something, apart from one person, and that one person be right while everyone else are wrong. 

Pretty what all the explicit information say? (The literal information spoken by the characters.

If we are going to go by what you say such as 

Fe=caring about other people.

Then

Fi = being selfish, which has been explicitly . That Gon is a selfish person.

Now my explicit information vs your implied information/ not even exclusively Fe. 

I'm pretty sure I win.

&gt;its entirely concievable that every person on the planet can believe something, apart from one person, and that one person be right while everyone else are wrong. 

Possible? Sure why not. Chances of it being true? Pretty low.&gt;Its funny is it? "Ha ha, its so funny that he thinks that if a position is popular its not automatically true, what an idiot. Logical people like me realize that popularity makes ideas true or false." 

I'm saying the possibilities of it being true is reasonably low.I'm done here lol, I'm sure not many people here watch HXH.

But if possible I could host a clip and then have people guess his personality. 

Not doing it now or anything though.I'm done lol. MBTI is mainly based on personal experience. There is no empirical evidence to the MBTI. You obviously  never met a real ESFP in real life before. Either that or your Ne I blinding your thoughts.

&gt;No, Ne and Ni are inherent abstract. Si and Se are inherently non-abstract and concrete. The idea of something concrete being abstract is like a married bachellor. Its impossible and ridiculous. 

You obviously don't know much about Si.

Si is abstract sensation. Se is concrete sensation.

&gt;Theres no relation at all between the popularity of an idea and its likelihood to be true

If equality intelligent/expertise people all agree on something, chances are higher that it is true.

In the fact that a single person is correct, that will be likely because they have a higher level of intelligence(in that particular area, considering it can be empirically measured). Which is clearly not the case here.

Post a video of Gon ( dubbed) and have people here speculate his type. Bet you 100% that mostly all will say he is ESFP.&gt;INTPs like me tend to be more intelligent than ISFPs like you. Sorry. 

Different types of intelligence? In this case my type of intelligence is much more relevant than yours. (Ne clouds a lot of thinking, I can see through the bs better than you.) in fact Se is known to be much better at typing people than Ne. And yes speculation is where it counts this is MBTI.

Also, other INTP's also think 

you are wrong too. So I don't see the difference any of this makes.

&gt;After that whos left? like 1% of the population, and of them, disproportionately NTs and NFs - more so NTs but with NFs doing well, after all N correlates more with intelligence than T does, even though T does also. 

Prove it 1% intutives  lol. Funny guy. Source where they say they tested everyone in the world/country please.

Kiddo you funny lol.

&gt;But you, you're an ISFP, so why doesn't you give up on being an intellectual and focus on a skill with your hands or something. Maybe art or sport. Leave the thinking to those better suited to it. 

1st of all this has nothing to do with thinking, Gon is obviously an ESFP based on the empirical definition of an ESFP..

I'm done here lol. You obviously lack a big part of understanding the MBTI. To be blunt, you have  absolutely no clue what you are talking about.
&gt;I wasn't quoting data you dunce, I was making a logical thought experiment, by deduction, to make a point. Apparently it went over your head. 

Actually yea you are, you said ESFP's were the most common type lmao.

Even if I  we were to play your game, almost all INTP's think Gon is ESFP too. So I don't see how any of this is relevant. 

No wonder you don't post here commonly because if you did, you'd get downvoted like crazy lol. And yes, also by INTP's. 

I'm not going to argue with it because you can think whatever the fuck you wanna think lol. You can think your way even though majority of other people ( INTP's included) think you are wrong.( which is the more reasonable answer) 

Sure anyone could argue and debate it out with you. However you will reject all reason and twist things into your own favor, and as we all know when it comes to Ne. The amount of bs you can come up with is endless.



EDIT: you have little to no proof of why Gon is ESFJ.&gt;you followed conformity and being attuned to emotions and people better, to get there. Conformity could have led you astray. You are lucky in this case that it did not. 


I didn't lol, it was just convenient that way.Hey, thanks.ISFP here.

I don't have a particular function that I hate the most. But from my experience I dislike SJ's the most.( Don't know about NJ's)

From my experience, I hate it when SJ's get stressed at work,when they do,they get all grumpy and shit, it kills the mood and is annoying as fuck. When that happens, I just cannot bear  staying around anymore. Not to mention, A LOT of that pressure, they put on THEMSELVES. 

My dad does it and people at my jobs do it too,I just find it unbearable.

Sometimes I just think to myself

 *"if you  hate your job so badly, and get stressed out and grumpy as fuck, why the  don't you just quit?"*


EDIT: of course not all SJ's.Isn't "generalizations" more of an Fe thing?&gt;"Hey, this one thing happened to me one time a certain way! Surely that's how it is every time and I will use this reasoning and present it as fact because I am right and never have been wrong before!"

Ahh I see what you mean now. Yea my dad does this a lot. 

&gt;less intelligent Si users

I know you don't really mean this, but from my experience, even irrational people can have great aptitude for certain things.

I know this is irrelevant, but I believe there is different types of intelligence. What's your reason for disliking SJ's though? Same as mine?Response to your "Feels over reals" comment 

As an ISFP
I'd have to say that ultimately, i do prefer you to be real with me because of my Se.

HOWEVER. I think the thing with Fi users is you still have to say it in a specific "feeling appropriate" way. 

If you are too blunt, we tend to find it intimidating, leading to Fi getting defensive.

It's really a somewhat feminine trait, but if T's are too blunt to me when sending a message. I actually find it hard NOT to be intimidated by them. Although, I think this is something having to do with mindset and I can work to improve .ISFP- History.

After a long long time of trying different majors. I seem to be very comfortable with history.

Mainly because almost everything in History also exists in the concrete world.Computer science? Ok now don't get the wrong idea I'm not saying ISFP's can't be Computer Science majors, 

Just that, it seems to be quite rare so I'm inclined to question more  of this.

&gt;Follow the money, and you can do what you desire after

So you are only "following the money?". Do you have any passion for computer science?, like I mean serious passion, not just "ehhhh It's kinda of interesting+money thing"

ISFP's are typically prone to following their passions. To ISFP's it more of an "process over product" thing. We aren't goal orientated when it comes to long term stuff we give up quickly if the process is stressful.

Since we live in the moment, time passes extremely slowly when we are doing something we hate Personally, that overwhelms me. So the only way possible for me seeing an ISFP doing computer science is for them to have an extreme passion for it. 

IMO "following the money" isn't going to cut it. That's more of a J thing, if J's truly believe in a goal,they tend to follow goals no matter the cost  because they are genetically inclined to do so.

ISFP's need to follow what they genuinely like in order for their Fi function to work at 100% efficiency.

How long have you studied computer science? And difficult/challenging?

And again.

So the only way possible for me seeing an ISFP doing computer science is for them to have an extreme passion for it.

Can you explain more on this?

&gt;I'm going into my third year of computer science,

ahh I see we seem to be the same age :).

&gt;I'm going into my third year of computer science, and the only thing I'll say is that it's probably the only thing I can tolerate in a classroom setting, and if that's not passion I don't know what is, hahaha!

Oh lol, I actually enjoy some classroom discussions when it comes to something I am interested in. But it doesn't last longer than 10-20 minutes lol.

&gt;and if that's not passion I don't know what is, hahaha!

ehhh yea I guess, I mean passion is something that can emerge in all types. Although it's hard for me to believe ISFP that does computer science( I mean out of 7 billion people, it's definitely possible, just that I don't understand it) . I guess if it's your passion, then it's plausible.






ISFP here, 

I dislike the liberal/SJW mindset(I'm not conservative) that

 *"Any type can be good at anything"*

I think functions definitely have something to do with aptitude/ certain types of intelligence. 
(I'm not talking about passion, just aptitude)

I feel like that I'm just being realistic, 

different types are made to do different things. Don't sugarcoat it.

Now while there are exceptions, I think this rings true majority of the times.



ISFP here

Most of the stereotypes for my type for me is true. That's why I don't understand when people who shame stereotypes and say "not all of us are like that".

Because I AM actually like that. 

I believe stereotypes are there for a reason, and that if you don't fit the stereotype, then there's a pretty good chance you are mistyped. 

EDIT: 75% or more.&gt;most of the time the only people offended by stereotypes are people faking their types.

ExactlyYa but they wouldn't be able to see through a psychopath's actions.&gt;ENTPs have a strong subconscious Te.

I think this is similar to EXFP's having what seems to be Fe usage.  My know this because my brother is ESFP.

I don't know why that happens but it does.Ya but I think it depends really. I mean if the psychopath appeals to logic, then INTP's would probably fall for it.

You can still twist logic though. Ti is subjective logic. I think Ne can confuse them from the truth. Ne does that a lot.I highly doubt Muhammad Ali is ENTJ. Or any other top professional Athletes.

Not trying to say anything here. But you don't see S's in the tops of fields like physics either. 

*EX: (Steven Hawking is obviously an N and among with almost every other top physicist)*

Not trying to discriminate.I'm only being fair/ and realistic.

The way I see it. Athletes typically are Se and Si doms.

**EDIT: to answer your question,**

**YES** but not anywhere near the Top.

**NOTE: Yes I obviously know that correlation does not equal causation. That's obvious.**

**Thing is, on subjects like the MBTI where it's pretty much empirically baseless. If you ask me, I'd say correlation is a pretty big deal. ( especially correlation of this level)**&gt;I double-checked him myself. Can confirm ENTJ. 

I disagree.

&gt;There is a HUGE difference between Se and Si and the corresponding Ni and Se functions. They are not interchangeable. An ESTJ is much closer to an ENFP then an ESTP despite both being sensing types. 

Yea of course...... I never said anything about Se and Si being "interchangeable".

HOWEVER, if you know anything about how Si "really is like". (I'll give you the benefit of the doubt, since you seem to be a T ) And not the false popular belief that only Se is for sports.

Then you'd know that Si is also very formidable in sports and arguably better than Se at a certain types of sports.Unfortunately since I cannot offer you the proper analysis(Ti) to persuade you.

I'd have to say that we will just have to "agree to disagree".

But incase you want to know why then I will explain.

Si records sensations for later use. If given a sufficient amount of time/practice. Si can unleash these sensations with far more skill and accuracy/consistency than an Se user. 

In sports that require insane consistency such as (Tennis,Golf, Ping Pong, and possibly others) 

Si can prove to be far more formidable than Se.


Anyways, that's just me. I don't have Ti so I cannot offer you the proper logical analysis it takes.

So we will just have to agree to disagree.

Peace.

Btw I still disagree that Ali  is ENTJ. We agree to disagree.

I think for the millionth time........

The test isn't  100% reliable.Yes but they will never be the best in that field.So what? Music composition can fit Si users too. So I don't see what's the big deal.Si works too for it.This might be a little bit off topic. But I think it's worth mentioning.

Although, I see that people  here commonly associate SFP's with dressing up nice and/makeups.

From my experience. It seems like people of all types wear makeup and value physical aesthetics to some degree( although the reasons for why they do it might be different)

I think the order goes like this (highest to lowest)

XSFP's

XSFJ's

XSTP's

XSTJ's

XNFJ's

XNTJ's

XNFP's

XNTP's

Something I find interesting about XSFJ's is that they value physical aesthetics, but not for the sake of physical aesthetics (they tend to find personality&gt;looks),It's for some other unknown reason that I do not know. I agree with you on this part.Added it.I think XNFJ's would be above XSTJ. But XNTJ remains the same place.Question though, I'm an ISFP and I'm pretty  shallow because of my Fi-Se.

So sometimes I think XSFJ's users like me because they stare at me.  And Yes, it is the "Like You" kind of stare.

BUT actually, they only think I look good, but they do not "Like Me" as in wanting an relationship.

XSFJ's get me confused so many times lol. It's like I think they like me but then when I ask them out, they don't. 

Does this ring true for you?( assuming  you are female).KSpeak up, assertiveness, and becoming an alpha male:(like an ESTP)

Although realistically speaking, I don't think I'll ever achieve that.No idea what is an E8. Or how the hell I've ever said anything to be so called "E8".Oh ok yea I guess E8 fits me best. I'm not exactly into the enneagram.

But I just checked it. And yea I think I might be E8.

EDIT: there's a lot of things in the description of E8 that I am not too. But if I were to pick a type. Then yes it would be E8.

Oh and also, I think that unlike the MBTI the enneagram has a lot to do with upbringing/ how you grew up.Ne users I feel like so many mistypes and confusion is with Ne users. That's because they are most likely Ne users( INFP's)&gt;but it's very obvious that he does what *feels* right. 

That's part of the reason why I'm confused. Because "doing what feels right" can apply to Fe users too.

The main problem is that a lot of things Fi users describe they have can also apply to Fe users.(or so they say it does)Yea 100% me lol.

Thanks.Yea but problem with what you say is that those things are just values and personality traits that really any type can have. 

&gt;Fi places a lot of value on authentic moral decisions

Fe users tend to claim this a lot too. So it pretty much boils down to "my word vs your word"

&gt;Fe is more reactionary, with more flexible concerns like consequences and group expectation and reaction.

Same here. 

I'm trying to to nail it down objectively. 

Anyways I think I already found my answer .ISFP here.

Texting makes me anxious. I get anxious when people don't immediately text back. 

I have decided to stop texting all together. From now on I will only do phone calls.&gt;It's not really a "my word vs your word" anyway. 

no it is, because Fe users say that they are "genuine" too. They say they are a lot of Fi stuff too. From their point of view their actions are genuine.

Exactly we did. And yet you still claim your stuff without any actual objective evidence.

Go figure lol.It's just an extroverts thing. They just want to have fun and it doesn't really matter who accompanies them.They aren't exactly picky though.Not my ESFP brother though. He is laid back as heck.

He will literally go out with anyone and still be happy as fuck as long as there is some to go with.&gt;MBTI only works if each category is well defined.

Yes and you did not define a definition that is exclusive to each function (Fi, Fe)

Fe people claim their feelings are also genuine, so you can't just claim that Fi is "more genuine" than Fe. (Although most Fi user agree with that.( including me) but it's not objectively correct.

Here, if you wanna argue with all these people go ahead lol. They are still active so you can message them.

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4il7e5/fe_is_such_a_tease/&gt;I'm not a dominant Fe user, but I disagree. Fi places a lot of value on authentic moral decisions. Fe is more reactionary, with more flexible concerns like consequences and group expectation and reaction.

&gt;A lot of times, I think you'll see Fi users put a bigger emphasis on honest and sincere decisions, because I think Fi focuses on manifestations of self worth.

This is the comment I responded to. (Above)

&gt;Fi places a lot of value on authentic moral decisions. Fe is more reactionary, with more flexible concerns like consequences and group expectation and reaction.

These are not exclusive to Fi,Fe. 

Fe can also place value on their point of view(authentic moral decisions)

Fi can be reactionary too with more flexible concerns/consequences and Group expectations.

&gt;I think you'll see Fi users put a bigger emphasis on honest and sincere decisions, because I think Fi focuses on manifestations of self worth.

Fe users can easily claim they are more authentic too.Yea of course.You an INTP? 

You have Fe as inferior. So that means you should at least show a little bit more (rather obvious) selflessness than Fi users.This is why I hate debating/arguing with Ne users(specifically NF's (this will be my last comment)

&gt;It's not a matter of what either person can do. The point is Fi does things because they view those actions as having their own intrinsic moral value, so they can't very well see the right thing to do and then not do it. So yes, Fi users can value group harmony, but they act on the value not the moral environment.

Dude I'm not trying to debate with you. I'm trying proving you wrong based on my above specific comments (1 post up from the previous) 

&gt;Also, noone in that thread you linked differed from the definitions I gave. You should go back and read it too, because it has some good descriptions of how Fe deals with things, with the added benefit of being from dom/aux Fe users.

I did not read that one by maybe I got it wrong. Here it is

Ok this is the one

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4iqjpx/
fi_is_such_a_square/

**response to first post by Kbnation. 

Starting with 

"Fe was described as being disingenuous, however I would challenge that a Fi user to show me a genuine interaction and then define the difference"





K I'm actually satisfied with that response.

Peace.Because mistypes are annoying as fuck and mislead this sub? I don't understand why SJ's have a love-hate relationship with work. 

They hate work, yet they love it.

Same with NJ's maybe.No point.ISFP here

&gt;do any of you, being self-described sensors, day dream similar to how an intuitive might, going off on a thought train and losing sight of the present

Sometimes I do that, but when I do snap back into reality. I feel like "whoa what just happened"? 

The stuff I think about are concrete stuff though. &gt;What kinds of things do you usually think about? When you say "concrete stuff" do you mean, you just think about physical things? 

Hard question, my memory sucks as with most none Si users. 

Actually, I think about concrete stuff, but the feelings are definitely abstract. (The "concrete stuff" can be fiction/fantasy though) 

&gt;How do you maneuver thoughts going from concrete to concrete things? 

Autopilot, I tend to be unconscious(well I am "conscious") but that it feels consciously numb( don't know how to describe it). Anyhow, my Ni is definitely unconscious.

&gt;do you feel like you see abstract connections between them or do you just move from one thing to the next? 

Not sure the exact frequency. But the times I do remember     seeing "abstract connections/thoughts". Usually it is just "move from one thing to the next" ( although typically I just think about 1 single thing)That's not exactly what I mean. 

I mean like how they complain about work being too "stressful" all the time. Yet even during off days they still chooses to work.

I've seen this behavior all too common with J's in general. ISFP here.

I don't know about ENFP's but my brother ESFP doesn't value personal space at all. I don't know maybe it has to do with age or something(he's only 14).

IMO "needing space" mostly has to do with Fi doms. 

&gt;From my perspective it's just an extremely unpredictable switch from warmness to coldness and I always end up thinking about what I've done wrong.

what's ironic about this is that I tend to believe Fi doms actually value individual relationships way more than Fe users.They are not false. That is actually how it is. It is what I know to be true.

Fi (mainly ISFP) is associated with the crazily attached girlfriend thing. (During an relationship)

Fe on the other hand is MUCH more easily for them to be independent during an relationship considering the fact that they NEED other people. So in a way Extroverts are actually much more independent in relationships because they are a world of people to adapt to.

Afterall, in the end if everything else is good, time is what forms relationships.&gt;So how would you evaluate an ENFP? Fi user, but very extraverted and enjoys getting to know all sorts of people. ENTJ? Fi user but extremely independent.

I already told you. I was talking about Fi-doms and introverts in general.

&gt;Independent + sociable =/= does not value relationships. 

The more time you spent with other people the more likely it is for you to fall for them.

That's been scientifically proven.

Since Fe/EXFP do this a lot they are unconsciously disvaluing the relationships./ value at least a little bit less than Fi-doms)I'm still standing to my argument. Just adjusted it and expressed it a lot more clearer.I never said they didn't. I said just not as much.

What do you mean "can't be reasoned with " are you trying to insert some absurd Te objectivity in this?

Lmao. 

Go on lol. 

Try meTime is really the only factor(at least the most important one)........ I mean you wouldn't spend time with other people if you weren't "ok" with them right?

Ok then name a few other factors. I'd like to hear them.Almost all the popular ones do. No i'd argue that Ti and Te is  equally as stubborn.

ISFP here. I accept logic I am not allergic to logic.

Even if I believe in something strongly, the only thing I pay attention to in debates/arguments is the question.

"Is it objective or subjective?"

If it is objective , no there is no point in arguing. If it is subjective I tend to be more happy because my ideal isn't right or wrong.

I won't deny logic.

The ONE thing I hate the MOST is when people claim subjective stuff objective.

I hate that to no end.Yea I agree. It's a mom so I assume she is 40-50?

That kind of immaturity is really weird IMO.&gt;But you can only look at the world through a *subjective* lens!   
\**ZING**

&gt;Yes, Se included, otherwise there'd be no words between us.

Don't know what you trying to say?

Anyhow, I already learned that there's no point in forcing my beliefs on anyone because it just doesn't work that way.

So if stubborn has anything to do. (IF I find it subjective, which most things are) I tend to just ignore people who believe different than me because everything is subjective anyway( I tend to be happy knowing it is subjective).

Since I'm well grounded in reality(Se) I want to challenge anyone who claims my beliefs is "objectively irrational", because I don't believe I do have an belief that is .

**bottomline** 

I wouldn't say I'm stubborn, just realistic.Yes of course. There is too many factors to count way too many.ENTP- can be a REALLY big dick too. (no pun intended)If this is coming from an Ne user then I'm inclined to question your typing.

As we all know Ne users is the root of all confusion.ISFP here.

My personality has always been the same even according to my own memory.

My parents always said that I was an overly emotional child since the earliest observable age. (since 5 years old).

I always cried really easily when thinking about sad things. 

I also always been quiet and introverted

As far as I know, all of these behavior fits perfectly with Fi being my dominate trait.
No she is definitely not ISFP. There is no way she is ISFP. ISFP's don't keep grudges and sure as hell don't follow through with  them.

All of those hateful feelings will at most last 1 day. (Which is clearly not the case here)

All that planning and stuff is definitely no ISFP either.

Her personality in general is not ISFP either. Depends it has to be consistent. If somebody does it and then apologizes and it never happens again. 

Then chances are they won't hold grudges.

In order for ISFP to hold some grudge it has to be something that consistently tramples on one of their values.Which is not the case here......I think most people of the same opposite types do.

Most SP's like ESTP's

Most NP's like ENTP's

&gt;The logical directness of Ti, combined with an active and mobilizing Se can easily mimic Te

I thought it was the other way around?

Se-Ti mimics Te since Se is lead the Ti to be more extroverted?

Same thing with ESFP. Se-Fi makes ESFP's mimic Fe. No I haven't really met an ENTP in real life(that I know of) but I seen ENTP youtubers before, so I have an idea.

Tbh though I only knew the MBTI for a year so I don't know if I actually met any ENTP but didn't know it.

But yea you are right.

ESTP is the most easily the most likable type, but at the same time, I hate them because most because a lot of their beliefs/values tend conflict with mine.

And for that reason as an ISFP who has conflict with ESTP's who is a just as good as an ladies person than any ESTP( for a variety of reasons) one of my life goals is beat the ESTP at the game of getting women/overall charisma. Then I will finally be satisfied. Well I can't really say anything but just for the record.

All the ESFJ's I know in my relatives are all workaholics/almost workaholic(most of my immediate family and relatives are SFJ's).  I mean they do have fun. But their main priority is to be disciplined. Like everything has to be tight and scheduled and done right.

Also: my dad ESFJ does get stressed a lot and complains. By the weird thing is that he complains on work days and then immediately resumes to work even on off days. It pretty much as to do with his workout routine too, he is disciplined to the end.

That's what I was talking about the J's love hate relationship with work.

EDIT: ISFP's aren't known to be very disciplined either so I'm not so sure about Se.

But of course everything is subjective I guess&gt;Are the ESFJs you know workaholics with anything, period?

One ESFJ. I am quite close to him.

Well only with their work lol. But yes. Everything else has to be tightly scheduled and planned.

Very intelligent and accomplished person, tells me that he never stops working because there are always higher goals he wants to achieve.



I think the point is that they focus their discipline on something.

It doesn't have to be work. It is just discipline. It can be anything.Here, this is what I mean by the definition of "discipline"(VIDEO)

https://youtu.be/KL11OmS1aIU

That is according to the official definition of how P's and J's are defined.

So if you aren't like that and you claim to be a J. It makes just literally makes no sense.Yea it it makes sense. That's what I was talking about.

Ni( I'm assuming you have ) does not plan. So besides having strict planning. 

You do have every other qualities of J that is described as "discipline".

So pretty much only thing here is that our definition of "being disciplined" is not the same.

My definition of "discipline" says you are.  But yours say you aren't.

Anyhow I agree with either definition and I consider it to be "discipline".

So I guess it's just a play with words.&gt;All the P and J stand for in the 4 letter code is whether a person's first extraverted function is perceiving or judging.

&gt;The stuff about being disciplined or structured or open blah blah is basically horoscope BS. 

That's just how they determine how to name the functions.

But the discipline vs undisciplined thing is just the result of the function stacks. 

At least IMO it is.&gt;I guess by definition J's are automatically and subconsciously disciplined but that almost implies that all Ps are set up for failure when it comes to the high expectations of discipline in society. 

I think that is true though EXXP's are more disciplined and IXXP's are much less.

Just my theory/opinionYou are saying it like you knew it already.

Is this a commonly known thing?&gt;Extroverted judgement. What comes to mind?

what lol?Wouldn't belief be related to culture rather than type? 

EDIT: I mean related to culture **more**So government?Oh ok I'm not knowledgeable on how most governments work. So idk.Yea but "justice" would have to be defined and the definition of justice is also determined by culture.All I'm trying to say is that wouldn't "ideologies" be different for every type depending on how they were raised/culture?

It would be less likely for those things to influence Fi but it's still exposed to it.Fair enoughfirst month of MBTI when I was literally close to clueless. INTP and then INFP.
 
2nd month I found out I am ISFP and 100 percent sure till today.I'd say 

Anxious-ISFP

I don't exactly relate to that , but I get the idea and I do relate it in that sense.

Just speaking from pure experience from my brother ESFP. 

IMO pretty much all E's wouldn't fit the "anxious" category because they are VERY independent and in most cases optimistic/not aware/negates of a lot of negative things.

Yes they need attention but they can get it from anyone. 

Se doms value fun more than feelings, so that pretty much says a lot too.
Tbh I even think this is actually a thing.Yea I figured it was from that. Just that I don't  believe it.Sure it doesn't. However I do find that the MBTI community are a lot more understanding and accepting than your normal crowd of people. 

Anyhow I'm inclined to defend the OP because I can relate to posting stuff like this  too.I don't know lol. I think relationships in the end have a lot more to do with individuals than type.

But if you want my opinions on anything IMO ( assuming you are an introvert). 

Your biggest mistake was getting intimate with an extrovert. I only keep extroverts as fun friends who I can have a good time with, nothing beyond that .

You'll find that extroverts lack the depth(most likely from an ISFP's point of view) and they tend to be unable to be really deep with you. If deep love and understanding is what you want, I wouldn't count on an extrovert to give that to you. They live a completely different life style that only another extrovert can put up with.what I mean is that typically the normal crowd of people have absolutely no idea what they are talking about because they project. 

With the MBTI we know that not all people are the same and we have a basis to go on.

That's why the MBTI community can help A LOT more than just a random crowd of clueless people, who's response will be most likely based on pointless projection anyways.I'm not talking about different function combination possibilities though. 

I'm talking about that there may be functions that we don't even know exist just don't discovered yet.ahhh I see, I think I sort of get the idea of what you are saying.

Thanksthat's not what I was asking. Look at "treasuryman's" post.

That one is spot onThere's a meetup group mbti related near where I live but it's full of old people. It's the only one there is though.

 There are young people in it though, but they never come.( I never went, I just know they never come because it shows the list of people that are going to each meetup)

I would go if there was one my age.

EDIT: but yea to answer your question, I think most of the time all they really do is sit and starbucks and discuss the MBTI. I think they do activities from time to time though. &gt;Jung/Myers clearly haven't seen/observed every person on the planet..... So to say that there are only 16 types of personalities in the world without observing everyone in it..........

This is really literal. I don't know how else to put it.

This says that I want to know why there are only 16 types when there can potentially be more/ other unknown functions in the world we don't know.

Which is what treasuryman answered.   .

Beyond that is just a matter of semantics . i guess.&gt;either way my T and F are almost equal

I'm betting on FDo you mean like you know their personalities beforehand? Or you get to decide their personality?oh, I don't know lol I'm confused. Maybe it's because I don't play those kind of games.&gt;Most of the people I see in real life are S, because life is about real-world experience. It favours a sensing approach.

Most people I see are SJ's in general. 

Then comes the EP's

Then IP's

Ultimately I don't really believe N's are rarer.(IMO)
I don't see being shallow as negative. I love being shallow.

I judge everyone I see based on their physical appearances. I see nothing wrong with that. In fact I'm happy with that and I VERY dislike ugly or even just slightly ugly  people I find them disgusting(superficially) I stay very far away from them .

 (in case people think I am "morally bad" for this, let me tell you something. **N's and T's both like people based on their personalities and Intelligence, If you think about it "personalities/looks/intelligence are all traits that people do not get to choose"**. So I don't see how I am morally worst than any other type of people for liking people based on their physical features.

That being said, I'm not a hyprocrite, my looks can hold it's own. Meaning I am very attractive (In my opinion + compliments from other XSFP's  all the time.)

Anyhow, she sounds like an very confident but immature ISFP. (maturity is subjective, yes)

I mean i can relate to her very much but the part about her being immature is because she does not know what is appropriate to say. Unless her quotes is talking to a very close friend that completely understands her.......

 Then saying all of that is kind of very inappropriate. She reminds me of my immature days in highschool lol. (I'm currently 20) 

I can relate to her but I keep those stuff to myself, unless it is with a close friend that completely accepts and understands me. (plus, there's no point bragging about looks to N's or SJ's because they literally don't care lol)You mean annoy or get on my nerve? aka "make me angry"?

I think ones that pisses me off the most is high Je users. It has to do with the objectivity from Je functions. 

I mean sure Fi and Ti is can be pretty bad too since both is subjective. But AT LEAST we acknowledge the fact that something is subjective. Once that happens, I regain all my respect for the other person and the conflict easily fades with whoever it is I am arguing with.

Thing with high Je users,IMO/experience. They are so cocky and wont EVER admit they are wrong /or admit a subject is subjective (if it is).

Instead, They keep insisting that their answer is right because it is "objectivity right". And that it "can't be wrong"

Yes i admit Fi is stubborn(when immature) however I'd say that high Je users are easily THE MOST stubborn type there is. 
Whoa a year and a half and you just now start to second guess your type?

Well i think this video might narrow it down a bit, ( to decide if you are J or P)

**How do you approach goals?(VIDEO)**
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KL11OmS1aIU&gt;At least we Je-doms admit that we're...objective? Lol.

Yea but MOST things ARENT objective. So you do you understand how annoying it can be when you keep insisting that subjective stuff to be objective?

&gt;Fi-doms can be simply impossible to reason with. For some, your entire world seems subjective.Your reality on certain issues is so warped and you repel anyone who doesn't agree. 

I see what you are saying, but you see, The thing is that MOST things in life are subjective. That's why I don't see a problem with being subjective. Regarding "objective topics" trust me, I wont argue with you on that. I'm a realist after all.

&gt;I once had an INFP tell me that her cheating was not her fault at all because her boyfriend made her sad and therefore he made her do it. What the fuck?

I have no idea how she came to that conclusion. It is subjective though. It was probably her idea of getting even

I actually edited my post here is what I wanted to say.
 
&gt;At least we Je-doms admit that we're...objective? Lol.

Yea but MOST things ARENT objective.
No, I'm being serious. Why you think I'm sarcastic?Se would find it fast. Ne would be confused.

I have no idea about Si and Ni though. Although I do know that there is a high chance that  person new to the MBTI may confused Si with intuition.&gt;I'm pretty sure unattractive people do not get to choose their physical features.

That's pretty much what I just said........ What exactly did you think I was talking about?

I was simply making the argument that there's no difference between liking someone based on their physical appearance or liking them based on personalities/intelligence,&gt;When you're a shallow person, then you only like people because of their aesthetic appeal. If you don't see something wrong with that, then it makes me curious to wonder what goes through your head on a regular basis. Do you feel love the same way that a person appreciates a painting?

Well you are right that it's impossible for me to fall in love with unattractive people. Other than that I experience love just pretty much how every other ISFP does. (well of course everyone is different)

&gt;There have been many arguments made in the past that a person's perceived intelligence and educational level is malleable

Keyword. "Perceived"?
Although I do believe that there are different types of intelligence, 
everyone is still born with a certain level of fixed intelligence and that wont ever change. 

Same with personality.

EDIT: I just don't get why you keep called me an idiot.It's pretty much a well known thing lol.

Ne=possibilities, possibilities lead to uncertainty, which leads to confusion.none will be accurate though.hmmmm I guess lol. I'm totally confused.

If I'm getting this right. Then for something reason you think that I am "objectively" an idiot for being shallow?

Or do you admit that it is actually completely subjective?ahhh I see. Thanks for the clarification 

I'm definitely not intelligent in the intuitive sense, but I have other types of intelligences.&gt;I think sensing types mistype most, due to online bias in favor of N types.

Not Se users.......... The only people who would fall for any "biases" are people who are not knowledgeable of the MBTI.

If you compare Se with Ne/Ni, then Se is pretty much literally foolproof. Unless you are a complete idiot, then a REAL Se user would never mistype, it's near impossible considering you have accurate knowledge of the MBTI.

Anyways regarding your "intuition thing" I cant say much about that since I'm not an intuitive and even though I guess that's completely subjective.k lol.

btw
&gt;FYI, Se users can be very slow to figure this out as Ni is slow and even slower if repressed. 

It doesn't take Ni to figure out your type. not for Se users.Micheal's definitely an introvert. He seems to be ISFP.

I don't know about Britney though.FeNo such thing. 

There is no objective definition for "healthy/unhealthy". Everyone is an unique individual therefore everyone's "healthy/unhealthy" will be different.

It is entirely subjectiveHealthy/Unhealthy is not defined in the official MBTI either. It's something MBTI community made upno, that's not true. It is all subjective.

It's just your opinion.Not going to argue because it is completely subjective and I don't really care lol

. but I want to say that clinical depressions is obviously unhealthy no matter what type.lol wut?

I said they each person is unique specifically because that was needed in order to explain what I was talking about.........

I never implied that MBTI says people cannot be unique......&gt;With respect, according to your own logic, you're own point is your own opinion, and therefore subjective, and therefore (implied) not worth investigating or considering to be true (due to the fact that it is an opinion).... and therefore false.... (?)

Chil I'm just playing

anyways, My point was  that it's subjective  that's all.read function descriptions cba to do thinking problemsEmotional Fi moments feel bittersweet but amazing.

 When I feel emotionally touched by somebody else's actions. I feel a sudden spike in the feelz, sometimes it makes me just  wanna starting bursting in tears. I try to hold it in though but it's rather obvious.

There's so many other stuff that causes different but similar effects....... such as "listening to catchy love songs", "Nostalgia", "Stuff that reminds me of past relationships" and etc.......


ISFJ?depends on how accurate you know yourself and interpret the questions the way it's ment to be interpreted.

That's why tests are really tricky and why i don't recommend them1) ISFP

2) Male

3) Admire- ESTP's because of their charisma and likeability. How they typically always have the hottest girls around them at all time.

Respect- no type. It depends on how  much they respect me. I refused to put anyone on a pedestal, I refuse to be be the underdog

4) TBH I like ESXP's but unfortunately I have a tendency to always be at conflict with them regarding values.

5) out of all types........ISFP,ESFP,ESTP

6) ISFP 

7) Again, ESTP's are the most fun to be around. I tend to be at conflict with them though.
ISFP and ESFP

8) EXXP's Their shamelessness and willingness to do cringe worthy stuff in public is hilarious.

9) High Te users, I literally hate them. Especially the ones that wants to tell me what to do and control me. 

10) High Te users. Don't tell me how to do stuff, I will do it however I damn well please.  Thanks.I'm very picky. I only eat the stuff I like. exactly. Thanks for the response

BTW PaladinXT is an "certified MBTI practioner" so his word is saying a lot.athleticism? It's more of a balance of physical and abstract.

They can execute the exact moves with the exact precision consistency and faster.

So you can see why in sports such as tennis, They can excel in it.Sports don't have less predictability because it is typically revolves around the same rules and moves/ tactics. Nothing is entirely new. 

Well first of all you are INFP. Yes you do use Si but is it rather weak.

I'm clarifying that it depends on the sport I think. And yes that certain types of sports cater to one function. Theoretically, Si would win in most sports however also depends on talent/interest level.&gt;So what is Se's general area of expertise?

Well it's definitely not sports for ISFP. I don't know about ESTP's go ask them lol.

&gt;Not anymore. Even if I was an INFP, it would be better than any use of your Si. 

Tert Si is arguably useless even against Se.

btw I'm not the one that downvoted your post. incase you thought I did.
&gt;This isn't a Si vs Se thing, it's an Si vs No Si thing. My handle on Si would still be better than your handle on Si. 

Yes but you cant say  that just because you have tert Si and you aren't good at sports therefore Si isn't good at sports (if that's what you are trying to say.)

Or are you trying to say that as a Si user, you do not think the person in the video is a Si user? That's a bit tricky but tbh i'd say i'd only believe an SJ, the function stacks between and SJ and an INFP is just way too different to come to anything near a sensible conclusion.

&gt;Just like sports might not be every Si users' expertise

I never said it was........ I just said it is a function that dictates how good you will be in some types of sports. &gt;Yes I understand that. I'm asking what does Se dictate? 

idk it's most likely the same thing as Ne vs Ni. Could be sports too who knows. Probably at sports that allows new unexpected tactics. Like Paintball or something.

Si users would dominate on stuff like video games. And other sportswell , I kind of already explained it with my link post with how Se vs Si works.

Also, Doesn't everything in the MBTI comes down to "trust me?"

I don't understand why this needs anything more than "trust me". It's simply the facts, unless what you are wanting is for me to pull Si from "psychological types" and correlate with what I'm saying? Because how else am I going to empirically prove it? all else is going to be just baseless claims.

 ( I technically already did that)

The video is proof itself. Just watch that guy play his game lol. 

I completely do not understand what you are saying.

each to their own.Most likely part of the type.Easily intimidated. (Although this can act as a decent defence mechanism)I thought Ethan was ENTP? I mean he literally gives no fucks about his appearance. And Hila seems to be the unjudgmental intuitive type.

Just my opinions though.Well it's not like you're gonna listen about all of the speculation stuff is pointless unless you literally see it for yourself.

And no Ni is and subconscious it is nowhere close to working the same as Si. Plus Ni is abstract so how in the world is an N going to surpass an S at sports?Yea somewhat, it gives us the thrills.I don't know lol. These people want to be ignorant so I guess We'll just have to let them be.no lol. I appreciate your reply lol. It was added good depth.

I was talking about the other people here that disagrees with me.ahhhh I see, do you not like internet social media in general?&gt;I used to be an introvert myself. 

That's impossible, you are either born an introvert or extrovert, it doesn't change.

I dislike the extroverts need to socialize with everyone. I want to be prioritized. I want exclusive freindships. I agree&gt;Fouseytube isn't an ESFJ i dont think. I could see him as an ESTP though.

Yea that's what I thought at first...... but he is oddly difference (as far as my experience with ESTP's go). He's REALLY exceptionally warm. He doesn't cuss either....... He's not anywhere near a typical ESTP douchebag 

And last of all...... his Fe just seems off the charts and he does it so naturally, it seems like it takes nearly no effort for him.... Tert is suppose to take some effort.

I don't know if you watched any many vlogs as I did but I know these from watching them lol.

But yea I can DEFINTIELY see why he just might be ESTP some of it is just so obvious with his reactions and loudness. Yea that seems about right.

ThanksWell I have to say I completely disagree with you as our ideas of it is completely different.no that is wrong.

EDIT: actually it's somewhat right.Theoretically/from my experience I think EXFJ's should be more sensitive than IXFJ's. Since they are feeling dom. Just took the HSP test. It's a bit vague. But yea I am supposedly HSP.

EDIT: after looking into it a little bit more,the HSP test seems to be describing feeling doms in general.ISFP

Naruto is my all time favorite since I grew up watching it and it was my first all anime ever.

I am REALLY picky it's really hard for me to find ones that I like. I don't know how to describe it but it has to have a certain "feel" to it. 

I REALLY like Dark/Violent/Bloody animes, but it can range from super dark animes such as "Berserk"  to animes such as "Angel Beats". 

List of animes.

*Naruto*

*Bleach*

*Inuyasha*

*Yu Yu hakusho*

*Death Note*

*Code Geass*

*Mirrai Nikki*

*Hell girl*

*Angel Beats*

*Darker than Black*

*Berserk*

*Elfen Lied*

*Hunter X Hunter*

*Higurashi no naku koro ni*

*Samurai Champloo*

*Blade of the Immortal*

*G Gundam*

*Hellsing*

 *School days*

*Highschool of the dead*

*Zach Bell*

These are the only ones that I can remember as of right now. But it should total up to about 30( I think/maybe more)

btw: for people who don't know a lot about anime. 30 animes is not considered a lot.


I think it depends on the individual. But with questions like these i'd assume you are asking which is most likely go well.

I'd say the most significant difference is T vs F.

Thinkers will be more likely to not get along with Feelers.Yea I kind of get that point( I actually did look deep into it). Being sensitive to raw senses is a Sensor trait not intuitive though.Wait ISTJ being jealous of ESTP? (If you are not faking your flair).

But why though? why are you jealous of them?Well from an ISFP's point of view. TBH I am REALLY jealous of some ESTP qualities.

Their personality is imo easily the MOST charismatic/likeable type there is. 

(assuming they have the looks too)They can get their way with anything(probably not with some XXTJ's), girls, friends, anyone attractive, any other likeable people that they want to be friends with...... etc..........

In fact I do know a decently looking ESTP friend and hell......They get super cute girls flocking over to them on a daily basis.

The ONLY thing I dislike about ESTP's is that my values and beliefs tend to conflict with them. Our mindsets and everything is COMPLETELY  different. They tend to think Fi-doms are a bit extreme/crazy on a lot of things.

And for that reason I cannot be good friends with them, but I do use them for my own advantage, such as befriending them so that they can hook me up with some cute girl.

EDIT: although ESTP's can be really different too. Fousytube is the best example of a "good" ESTP.



&gt;Cons - don't give a fuck about others 

Hmmmm from my experience I think this part depends on the person. The ESTP I knew cared about other people. I mean this by like if they see someone being mistreated, they will speak up and confront the person doing the bullying. They would defend the victim.

They also seemed to have a strong moral standard for how to treat people.

I definitely understand where you are coming from though, since also have had that experience with ESTP's before, just not all of them. I think it has a lot to do with how they were raised.&gt; hey also NEVER give me so much as a second glance.

lol why? oh, I was assuming that they didn't think you were physically attractive. Which I'm also assuming as an ESFJ, you don't give a fuck lol.I'm not a big fan of theirs, but I've known them for some time and I do occasionally watch them every now and then. I used to watch them more but then got bored.

David -ESFJ

Joe - ESTP
He obviously cares A LOT about physical appearances, In some of his videos he always asks "is she hot?" etc......

Bart - probably ESTP. 

Geo -ESFP
In some of the videos is it very clear she cares about how "hot" people are. But not to extreme levels like an ISFP, it's very ESFPish.

Julia- This one is a hard one........tbh I'm not too sure. It's the SJW intuitives that downvoted you.

I literally find no point downvoting people, it's pointless. Only time when I do it is when I want to troll people.It's pretty much saying to date the opposite version of your type. 

So I'm ISFP so my ideal partner would be ESFP.ISFP, I don't know the genre name but 

I like most of Taylor Swift's songs. She's one of my favorite artist.

another one of my favorite is "I'm Yours" by Jason Mraz. 

ENTP's like "leafyishere" is coward cyber bullying. I think ESTP is much more direct and confrontational and has weight behind their talk.( I kind of respect ESTP a little bit more because of this though)

In case some people are offended(Obviously not all ESTP/ENTP are like this.)

I have experienced ESTP fucking with me and being mean to me at one of my jobs before, they made me look really stupid and I didn't know what to say, I just stood there looking like an idiot. But I learned what I did wrong, my problem was that I was nervous and a little bit scared since of my social anxiety(which has gotten A LOT better since then). 

Ever since then I learned to be calm and collected and say shit like " talk is cheap" " ok cool"  etc..... and just pretend to be calm and act like what they are saying isn't bothering me, Or I repeat words like "ok", "ok anything else?"  with an attitude to make it seem like we are on even playing field and that they are afraid to do anything more than just "talk". And if they throw the first punch i'll be legally allowed to defend myself. OR i'd just walk away lol.

lol
I rather them to be more mean than funny though. It has to be funny to make me feel stupid.

If it is just mean, I don't really care lol.Fi should be more cold. Fe should show more obvious attempts on "being nice".H3h3productions Ethan comes to mind for me. I don't know him lol. So I wouldn't  know. haha.I think sensing thinking dominates would be most confident. So ISTP and ESTJ.

neither of them lead with T......... ISTJ is Si. ESTP is Se.Well I don't think they would.

But if anyone says that. It would probably be because having an perception dom makes them a little bit more insensitive. that most confident is ISTP and ESTJ?**How would you describe it?**

Wanting to create harmony among people.

**What are some good examples of it?**

Most service workers. 

**How do you know when you spot a Fe user?**

You just do, it's not rocket science. Fe imo the single easiest function to spot.

Most obvious sign I look for is obvious attempts to please you. 

There's also this thing I notice a lot. I like to call it the "Fe mode". It's when a Fe user acts all robot like, and focuses on one thing and one thing only, which is to please you.That's also what I was thinking when I wrote down my comment below. 

However, it seems that from my experience N's by default are less confident than S's. So that would make ISTP take the place of ENTJ.

Just my thoughts.I never said they did. Now I'm just thinking you a troll. 

Bye&gt; instead of clinging to moral principles just for the sake of being principled.

I know what you mean but there was this Fe college teacher from classes, and she was the worst........ I f#$King hated her!. She wouldn't cut me ANY slack, she stuck to her principles 100%. No exceptions for anything, no second chances....... etc...... she was the worse.

That is the kind of FJ I hate to no end........

Those kind's of FJ's are such tools. I once heard on a comment MBTI forums.

"If I was a ruler of a country I'd want all my citizens to be FJ's"


This is based on the tests alone without studying the cognitive functions.

The chances of a person new to the mbti mistyping is REALLY high.

I don't think this is reliable.ISFP, 20, MProbably typoISFP. 

**Rebel** 

That's what I label myself.

I always had this thing to stand up for what I believe in. I take great pride in standing up for what I feel is right, especially when I believe it to be an unpopular opinion. 


Don't know why this showed up. The urban dictionary definition is not exactly correct for what i mean.Yea but chances of Ni's plans falling right together is slim.Well i wouldn't call them "excuses". I find it to be just the way it works.

I agree with it's not "facts vs emotions" it never was. It's "logic vs feeling".

&gt;And being a feeling type has nothing to do with emotions. Feeling is an ethical value system where certain things are deemed "good". Emotions are chemical changes in your body. Emotions are not related to a kind of decision making where values dominate.

You're getting really technical here. When most people think of the word "emotion" they think of feeler stuff. 

*Such as "Love" ,"Warmth" ,"Values" ," Right and Wrong","Kindess" and etc........*

Of course thinkers have emotions too. All humans do. It's just that it's not the stereotypical type of emotion that most people think of.
I have decided to stop texting people altogether. 

I get anxious if friends don't reply back on time or i misinterpret their message and then I start to get thoughts such as " if they don't want to be friends anymore" or if " they don't like me".

It really bothers me SOOOO much. That's why i have decided to stop texting all together. 

From now on i only do phone calls.
The overall vibe of an Fe user definitely fits her. Plus the discipline is typical for an SJ. 

I do know of course nor all FJ's are like her though.

Trust me, I know she I an Fe user but it's literally "in your face" kinda behavior

EDIT: don't know why all the downvotes, I know I didn't describe it pretty good, but damn.......It's Fe that we're talking about here. Do we honestly need any more?Yea same here.that;s not true&gt;Unhealthy Fi is selfish and completely self-absorbed.

I disagree with this, while it's easy for an ENFP to say this( I could totally see my ESFP brother saying this too) . Fi doms not so much. 

I am by no means "unhealthy" but I am VERY selfish and yes, you could also say I'm self absorbed.

Now of course it's not "Black and white" like that either. For example if I fall in love or have really good friends, I will put extreme value on those things. Therefore I will be willing to be "selfless" and sacrifice some of myself for them.

HOWEVER, this does not change the fact that I an am selfish and self absorbed person by default.

NOTE: I'm not speaking for all ISFP or INFP, all I'm saying is that "selfish/self absorbed does not mean unhealthy Fi".

&gt; Fi users will always appear more selfish than Fe. It's the nature of considering your feelings over others or vice-versa with Fe.

Which is exactly why I didn't understand why you said unhealthy Fi is selfish. Fi is selfish by it's very nature.

Just admit you didn't say it.

Also, i think health/unhealthy is different for everyone.I disagree with what you are saying.no I'm not unhealthy. What's healthy and what's unhealthy is completely subjective. Stop telling people what they are. I know what i am. And i am healthy.

And no it's not a biased perception
And Fi DOES have a stereotype of being selfish in the MBTI community. Stereotypes are there for a reason.
I cannot stress this enough, If you don't fit the stereotypes chances are you are mistype. I hate it when mistypes get offended because they don't fit stereotypes.

I literally fit every Fi stereotype there is.Labeling something healthy/unhealthy is the same thing as labeling something what's good and what's bad. 

It's funny how you keep labeling others unhealthy when you have no idea how stubborn and allergic to logic you yourself are.Well yea..... technically it would be an ad-homiem. HOWEVER being ISFP is an experience.

Listening to non-ISFP's talk about ISFP and taking their word for it is the same thing asking a normal person what's it like to be a celebrity and take their word for it.

If you do not have first hand experience with something that literally REQUIRES first hand experience .... well..... i mean you can listen to them..... but take it with a grain of salt.



Yea sure of course. Although you should ask in a more polite and acceptable way.

The word "selfish" is very negative most people wont admit it. I however, my personality is a realist. I see the world the way it is and nothing more and nothing less. That's why i'm willing to admit I'm selfish.

If you'd want to find out, you should sugarcoat it more like what they do in most typology sites.
Ok maybe it has to do with our values then? 

Listen: I just think that the coincidence that i fit with most Fi stereotypes and that Fi is stereotyped as being selfish and so am I is not just a coincidence. It's the truth. I think stereotypes all stem from stuff that are somewhat facts.( if you think about it, it's kinda true.)

Think of it as the same reason why most people believe the MBTI. Because they find it just happen to resonates with them.Yea i agree with you on this part.Can't answer it it is way too vague. High chance of misinterpreting and getting wrong results.Dude ESTP's would have you for lunch. HAHAYea of course but you are getting extremely technical there. But yea technically you are right. But no need to go that far. nobody does.ISFP and ESFPI do not believe MBTI statistics. You seem to be implying some strange things.That's funnyI think Fi is selfish.

I think saying Fi is not selfish is just playing semantic word games( and getting technical like saying "functions aren't selfish" humans are)  and that I would bet that if I take out the word "selfish" out and sugarcoat it to form another type of question with the same meaning, most Fi users would still lead to the same result ( assuming they aren't mistyped).

Something else I want to mention is that some people say "behavior does not mean anything, it's the reason behind the behavior that does".

I'd have to argue that general unconscious behavior is the ONLY way to empirically prove the MBTI through first hand experience. Although it may not be always 100% reliable, I think there should definitely be a real correlation between the behavior of the same type. (UNLESS a person is intentionally trying to act like another type, which isn't very likely). In fact, Jung explicitly explains the behavior of each function.

Without behavior, any person can just claim to be any type and that can lead to so many problems.

EDIT: wtf who is downvoting me? See this is why I hate this generation(ok I don't really hate it,not a hipster lol), too many SJW's and people refusing to see the world as it is. They'd rather live in their own fantasy world and believe things that aren't true as long as it makes them feel better. ffs whatever. 
Commonly accepted beliefs is what we base our mbti information on because those are the information the mbti community has accumulated throughout the years. Beyond that is just what Jung said.

What's commonly accepted beliefs grow into stereotypes, and one of the stereotypes is that Fi is selfish. 

So in a way when I said 

&gt;I would bet that if I take out the word "selfish" out and sugarcoat it to form another type of question with the same meaning, most Fi users would still lead to the same result

It's ALREADY been done again and again. and Fi users repeated indirectly admitted that they were selfish. That's how the stereotype of Fi being selfish is formed.

Beyond that is just a play with words on the word "selfish"



I have absolutely no idea about that, as far as I know ISTJ's aren't known to be selfless.Where are you getting that information from? Could be from one of the sites that say Fi is selfless too.

As far as I know, the stereotype in the MBTI community( including personality café) for ISTJ has nothing to do with selflessness. 

Well J's tend to feel a sense of "duty" even when it in the face of discomfort. So I could see how it CAN be perceived as "selfless" when they are doing something for someone else.

Anyways I don't believe information from most  so called "MBTI sites". From my experience all the important and relevant information on the mbit is discovered through MBTI online communities such as "typology  and personality café".

I find most information on the MBTI websites for functions to be false.

It's not the same selflessness as Fe users. Fe users literally feel happy when other's do. They literally do things for other people because it makes themselves happy. They want others to be happy.

ISTJ just want to get the job. J's feel discomfort when they don't finish work. So what they are doing is basically only benefiting themselves. 

BUT the most important difference is that unlike Fe users ISTJ's don't do things with an objective of wanting others to be happy, They do it because they themselves feel that it's the right thing to do(Fi and duty).

brb in the morning, good nightnah, after the edit I got like 3 less downvotes. You should of seen how many downvotes I got before the edit lol.&gt;But really, selfish is just grey isn't it? Good doses is good for normal human being. Being assertive is a desirable trait, just not too assertive (aka. selfish).

Yea I believe it's just "Grey" (aka. reality) everyone is selfish to when it comes down to it. If it comes down to it, everyone would save their own asses before others( assuming they aren't Fe and in a cult or anything). Sure I love my family, and have loved ones, but I only love them to what's humanely possible, and they love me the same way. It's just how humans are.

My personality is a "realist" and contrary to popular belief not all SP's are realists.....especially not the ones on this thread( or so they claim to be ISFP). 

In fact i'd argue that most SP's are stuck in their own fantasy world too.

Anyways, my point is that I'm a realist and I only see the grim reality, the truth. I see no point in sugarcoating stuff because then I will just be lying to myself and I cannot accept a lie.Exactly, Thank you for this explanation. 

I am generally all around selfish though.I think captain America is different though. He seems to have Fe in some movies and Fi in the others. Don't know what butthurt SJW downvoted you but I upvoted.That's typically the case, oversensitive butthurt people in general.no, I'm hugely different from my ESFP brother. He stands for everything I hate.

I f%$King hate him. 

"PURELY FROM MY LIMITED EXPERIENCE" regarding ESFP's in general though, It SEEMS like they have the Fe altruistic/vibe( but it's kind of a Fi version of it) but stands by it a hell of a ton more than actual Fe users and much more sensitive too. I HATE that to no end, I just wanna crush it with everything I've got. I also think ESFP is sheeple and they aren't loyal.

Now the experience with ESFP's is with some male friends and my brother. But  I think a intimate relationship with an  ESFP female would be A LOT more different. Not sure how exactly though. But probably for the better.my brothers is 14 in highschool. 

I'm 20 in college.

From the US.Current type: ISFP

Extrovert: ESTP

Introvert: INTJSJ's have the type of handwriting that looks very smooth. They also write VERY fast.

That's all I know based on my experience .He's definitely an ESFP. I know T's when I see them lol.

He's soft af, he cries so easily. He easily has the Stereotypical Fi emotional outbursts quite frequently too.

Overall he has that ESFP Se-Fi vibe lol. I'm 100% confident on this.Well that is a smart move. 80% of the fortune 500 companies use the mbti to analyze their workers.Why doesn't he just type it out? Video is such a painYou are a thinker you are suppose to stay calm.You know real life INTP don't say that. Like never ever. I'm not even exaggerating lol.lol that's funny. I should try it.I fit all ISFP stereotypes there is.It's typical for introverts to be more pessimistic than E's. Although I don't think optimism is an ISFP stereotype. 

I mean honestly, I been around for quite a long time and I never heard of optimism being an ISFP stereotype . Even at personality café.no wonder ....... custom MBTI sites are never trust worthy lol. Get your information from online communities only.

They know what they are talking about.ENFP's aren't charismatic dude. They are fun and all but they don't give off the charismatic vibe like ESTP's and EXFJ's do.

Although facial features do play a role in charisma too.ESTP......... I cannot imagine how good I would be if I was ESTP. I got the looks and all..... all I need is the personality........ with an ESTP personality type I will finally be complete, I can guarantee all the Se users(SP's) would love me. (Se users(SP's) liking me is really all I care, all the other types is like "ehhhhh so-so".)

I would get all the hot girls and enjoy life's thrills, at the same time. Feeling would be my tert which means it much more balanced.( too much feeling can actually hold you down). I would be fearless and have tons of friends. I'd also enjoy the perks of positivity from being an extrovert. Plus i'd be a T so i'd probably would be able to get a higher paying job.

Only thing I would lose is myself, but who cares? Life's too short to worry about all this feeling stuff. Life's about the experience, I wanna live my life and be happy and if becoming an ESTP makes me more happy then why the fuck not?



&gt;There are plenty of depressed ESTPs in dead-end jobs and miserable lives

Can't this be said for any type?I don't have depression though, you say it like I have it.

Being a thinker would make me fearless by default though. I can see how that's one of the perks.I think that the Thinking mindset for XSTP's definitely have a correlation with confidence(I ment fearless as in confidence wise) though. I think it's easier to get into XNTP's head because words mean a lot to intuitives.

XSTP Thinkers from my experience are like immune to most thing feelers things. Like they are immune to most drama, it just doesn't affect them. I mean they definitely know it's there but they don't care that much about it.

 No that is impossible. It cannot ever happen.I'd say Deadshot is ISTP/ESTP

Harley is ESTP

don't get the "what extent are you" partISFP here. 

I am strangely passionate about the MBTI. I been on MBTI online community forums for a little bit over a year now. First personality café and now reddit.

Don't know why it's weird.



ok thanksThey are probably mistypes.The original Jung(function theory) he thought it could change.

The MBTI theory says that type is inborn, and does not change.
Myers did much more than just "interpret" it though. Myers was the first to implement the "MBTI type" ( function stacks)noSJ and NJ are the nobles making the most money.lol ,He's a nobody. He's just some random dude who posts MBTI videos on youtube.From an ISFP's point of view. 

I think that when N's try to troll, they are so obvious that it takes the humor away.

I'm like "come on man, you are obviously trolling, just stop trying".

But maybe N's find it funny though.For datings sites you need a good profile. Hire some professional writer or something.

That's the only way that you are going to get a date. At least a legitimate one.Probably XSTJ's, they hate me because I'm a bad worker, they see me as lazy and a slow worker( only because I have absolutely 0 interest in working), my memory is terrible( no Si) so they see me as incompetent and undependable when it comes to remembering the food orders at part time jobs(I can't blame them though because it's true).( i don't work at a food place anymore, i hate it).

I'm pretty much considered an useless bum to XSTJ managers of most typical part time jobs. I mean they don't say it of course but they know that I'm incompetent, That's why they never give me more hours even when i ask for them.

I wish i could have a FP as a boss lol.Mine is hard to say, I think a lot of stuff are funny. I don't know the specifics.I downvoted you.

This has been talked about way too frequently. You should of looked it up before posting.You should have done your research, there is no excuse not to.How  is it bad grammar? You are the foolNo that does not matter. I think XNFJ's would have a little bit more sympathy for me. Ni without an thinking function can have pretty bad memories like me. (no Si)It would probably get on the nerves of all thinkers lol.Mostly just music then cry it out then fall asleep and next day gets perhaps better.

I thought thinkers just thought everything is just fucking grey.

Didn't think you had such a strong moral compass(I'm assuming)&gt;As Fi increasingly rejects the influence of the outside world, it will lose the ability to express its values and feelings, and eventually it will lose its capacity for empathy almost entirely. It will only feel for another person if they strike a deep chord; anything less and they are left on the roadside. 

&gt; KEYWORD:Loses empathy almost entirely


Implied selfish
(FULL POST)https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4z3w4d/how_would_you_describe_fi/

This comment got 23 votes and is the top comment on the thread called "what is Fi".

Which I'm positive that other INFP's upvoted it too. And a few other ISFP's.

They pretty much admitted that Fi is selfish. But since the poster(INTP) was smart and presented it in an somewhat "impartial" way, even INFP's( who seem to be the ones most against calling Fi "selfish", If they aren't INFJ mistypes). Even they upvoted him.

**My own quote.**

&gt;I would bet that if I take out the word "selfish" out and sugarcoat it to form another type of question with the same meaning, most Fi users would still lead to the same result
It's ALREADY been done again and again. and Fi users repeated indirectly admitted that they were selfish. That's how the stereotype of Fi being selfish is formed.


Nuff said, Fi is "selfish" and the "Fi users" that disagree with it, are only mad with the word "selfish".I don't see how Fi is any more influenced by society than Ti is.If anything, I'd say IXFP is the least likely to be influenced by society because our 2 judging functions are the best combination for rejecting society.

 Fi(is(arguably) the best function that rejects society) and Te( is better than XXTP's Fe(tie breaker with Ti users)). This would mean that IXFP's are the true rebels of society.

And also Te focus on external stuff like (commonly accepted) facts and basically everything that exist externally, So if the media presents false propaganda and Te-Fi buys into it. I could totally see that happening. It's totally influenced by society a lot, That's why law enforcement and people who have ironclad resolve working for the government tends to be Te users.What do you mean about sensor's being more influenced? is there actually any proof to this or are you just making this up? Or does this have to do with the belief that 95% of the population are SJ's (sarcasticly)?

Also,it would depends on what kind of society....... Intuititves have their own kind of society and sub culture.Yea that's really where the MBTI truly comes alive and apply to my Se.  Practical application in real life  is the reason why I'm interested in the MBTI.The main thing I do is  watch anime, read manga and watch movies, shows and YouTube channels. These things provide endless amounts of entertainment imo.

Other than that I'm on Reddit and just surfing the Internet. 

I like rarely have online games that I really like. When I was little I used to REALLY like the game called "runescape" I'd play it 24/7 everyday but ever since 2012 it changed and it's a pretty much a shit game now. I still go on old school runescape every once and a while only to troll people lol.(I find the runescape player base to be uniquely hilarious.)

I used to play cod 2 zombies, but I don't play anymore because I don't wanna spend my own money on next gen console and I can live perfectly fine with just my surface pro 4 anyways.

I like Starcraft 2 but I suck at it.......  So I haven't played in a while.a lot of that is incorrect for me personally. Also I still disagree with the idea that Se=FPS games. I'm still confident that Si users are the ones that dominate the realm of FPS/StarCraft/League.Sorry I didn't want argue about this post. I only posted so that others reading it would have 2nd thoughts. I should have mentioned this sorry.

Anyways yea I completely understand the logic behind Se=good reflexes therefore=FPS.

My argument is pretty much that Se's hand eye coordination is only as fast as consciously possible.

Si on the other hand( with lots and lots of practice)will become Se on steroids( in this case). Their hand eye coordination will operate like a robot, they wont even have to be consciously aware. It will be faster than Se by far. 

Assuming both is equally talented of course.

Anyways that's imo i don't want an argument though, I just wanted to put it out there.
I guess I'm forced to reply now. I'll probably get tired quickly though

&gt;But slower at spotting, rigid in their strategies, and far slower to change of tactics if they are read like a book. That's Se pride to do all that efficiently, like if it were nothing.

Te would make up for most of this though. And also when it comes to games such as FPS/ League/StarCraft there are only  a limited amount of possibilities possible. If Si has prep and prepares for literally every possibility then they will be able to switch strategies very quickly. Most of the wins are won because of superior hand mechanics. 

&gt;Like I could. The question is, don't they prefer something else instead ?

From my personal experience, I have a ESFJ relative of whom I grew up with. He'd always like FPS online games especially competitively. I always admired his hand mechanics, it was just so fast and smooth that I just literally cannot comprehend, He was definitely a talented one. He used to be among the top players in the US on a online FPS game( he was on the team for US) that's no longer relevant.( used to be back then though).I finished the anime a few days ago lol I know what happens.

I'm reading the manga right now, it still has a few chapters to go. The manga does the characters so much more justice.That power is kind of half incomplete though, they never showed how it really worked. I mean if he could reality warp all the possibilities of the future. Why did he even get in a sword fight with ichigo?  Plot? Never really understood how such an omnipotent character can have such a hard time with Ichigo.

But yea I agree it fits Ni-Te.tbh not sure if you can trust personality junkie though. From my experience their information has been a little bit sketchy.Wouldn't something like that (being similar to reality warping) be more focused on the mind? Therefore shouldn't it be more of an XNTP type of power?

I'm not trying to downgrade ISTP's or anything but it just seems like reality warpers and power that depends a lot on the mind/imagination seems to fit Intuitives more.

Just my opinion though.Although keep in mind that SFJ's can also be stylish too. So best not to confused SFJ's with Se users.&gt;To an extent, all superpowers are an extension of the user's mind and will. 

I said **More** though.

&gt;In this case you're asking how well each superpower and its typical effects/uses represent the personality

Yea exactly....... but IMO no matter how you look at it, creation and abilities that are **mainly** powered by the imagination( instead of practice and physical skill,reflexes and etc......) are more suited for intuitives.

&gt;You're right. However, your confusion is actually a matter of Extroverted Sensing (Se) versus Extroverted Intuition (Ne). 
&gt;There is a distinct difference between Creation and Warping.
&gt;Warping is better thought of altering, molding, and/or distorting the conventions of reality kinda like heating plastic in a microwave. It gets bent away from its old shape and function.
&gt;Creation is simply about adding.
&gt;While Chifuyu's power (which creates and not alters) does require some mental effort (Introverted Thinking (Ti) to be specific), its effects are more within the realm of Se since it is more proactive within reality's conventions.

Why do you insist that I am somehow "confused". I don't see how I'm in any way confused lol. Creation **Typically** implies innovation of some sort based from scratch which is more relating to the field of Ti-Ne/Ne-Ti.(which is what I am assuming your power is)

Unless you are talking about creating practical and obvious stuff? Pretty much stuff that already exist? and is easy to think of?

Also, I'm kind of getting the vibe that you were somehow offended? Please know that it's not my intention, I was just adding some thoughts which I stated was IMO. Just some of my thoughts adding to the discussion, if you do not agree that's ok lol.




From my experience it's kinda hard to tell though. Some SFJ's dress somewhat very fancy too.

Introverts are especially hard to tell.

&gt;Yes.

Ahhhh ok I see now lol. So that's what you are talking about. 

The name "world creation" sounded very intuitive like. I got the wrong impression.
Probably good, I don't see why not. 

ESTP doesn't give a fuck about anything really as long as the person is fun and intelligent. Which from an S's point of view, an average N is pretty intelligent( at least according to the stereotypical definition of intelligence). ENFP's are suppose to be fun too. ( ESTP's do care about looks but not as much as say an **average** ISFP, they will only lowkey care about looks assuming the other 2 criteria are fulfilled)

ENFP's, like ESFP's they arent really very emotional/sensitive by default, I mean sure they CAN be. They arent like Fi doms where even little things CAN rile them up. In order to make them get sensitive/emotional you kinda have to dig hard at it. They wont be triggered by small things. So that'd probably make them a lot more likeable by thinkers.


So yea it's overall it's pretty good.Yea I agree lol.i'm interested in this too. From my experience it's nearly impossible to know without some type of interaction. 

And when people are nervous such as in a college classroom environment, even E's CAN appear to be introverted. So I am curious too. 


/r/shittymbti is cringe as fuck never go there. It's just a bunch of grown men who clearly have sufficient knowledge regarding the MBTI playing dumb..... which is cringy as fuck..... 

There is no journey[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.32104468743919634 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3883012877911646 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.10498136387200951 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4376999485080325 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8225143116442133 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.23016385815434548 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.28369234593965453 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.17705884642270742 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7703027314206908 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8389526491174568 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8451112892701376 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.03884620820630735 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7706781176855332 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6075789250039326 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9567132551068673 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.027916314769847017 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6766236595300373 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.19591730152348763 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8524790018532676 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.29720397528917486 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6520840022298349 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3531698507271618 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9365109482616245 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4132310640233624 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5796887144325616 
 &gt; This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  &gt; If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.I don't see how painting has anything to do with the functions Fi-Se-Ni-Te.

If anything, I'd say painting and drawing in general would be a primarily Si/N thing.


EDIT: Original painting require the painter to have a clear innovative picture in their mind.(Si/N).

Si provides precision and the ability to replicate common painting strokes to perfection

Ne-Si provides a clear mental imagine of what is to be drawn. They typically want to bring their imagination alive(by draw ing stuff)

Si provides the ability to recall past senses and detail to be able to draw them most accurately.

Fi-Se's mental image is quite blurry, it does not have a clear mental image for drawing/painting. And ISFP is quite hipster so I doubt it will just copy another drawing. So this means it's not good at drawing/painting in general.

These of some of the reasons why.











no that's not true. The details counter the very nature of ISFP painting. You need to study the MBTI more in order to analysis it correctly.That's because it is not proof, it is only 1 example. It does not prove anything.No you are not the one making logical sense. You do not understand and you just start to assume things that aren't true.They are kind of similar, When we went on vacation this summer on a cruise ,there was a clear ENFP and for some reason he was VERY interested in my ESFP brother.

Extremely enthusiastic 

My dad said "Whenever this kid finds my brother(on the cruise) he acts as if he found gold."

lol.You are the one that does not know what you are talking about.

If you disagree then give me a counter argument.
No I am ISFP I am not a sheeple I hate society I reject it. Also N's are not rare, you just need to know the right places to find them.Yes I agreeNo intuitive are not rare. Your whole argument about sensors being more important is false.

Intuitive can be just as good when doing sensor stuff. They provide the innovation this world needs. Even in primitively  intuitive a have always been the masterminds behind many things.

Your whole argument about intuitive a being handicapped is false, they are just as capable as any sensor to do sensor activities. Their speciality is innovation and invention, they are the key to humanity's technological advances throughout the ages.exactly why, I didn't wanna say anything because then N's will say. 

"No S's are there too".
No N's are the mastermind.

In a battle between 2 countries. The more N's they have the better chance they have at coming up with strategies and winning.Yea I agree with that mindset actually. "low tolerance for bullshit" is exactly the right wording.

Their trigger is different than a feeler's but that doesn't make it happen less often. In fact you could very well happen just as often.

Regarding the "short fuse" thing. From my experience it happens most often when it is feeler vs thinker. Thinkers typically have low tolerance for my type of BS lol.

Yea I agree I'm usually cool headed too, I don't think it is exclusively Se though, probably Se/Ne doms. From my experience the only type of people that tend to drive me crazy are TJ's especially when they are my boss.Chess is about looking forward into future possibilities   and strategizing for the future.

About thinking ahead of your opponent.

In theory, shouldn't be this more of an N thing?&gt;Also nothing stings more than getting your ass handed to you by an ESTJ in a strat game (The boasting and insults)

lmao as a person who used to play an online mmo where ESTJ's thrive. I understand where you are coming from better than anyone.

*"get good, son"*

lol.I agreeYou honestly believe in graphs........

ok cool I guess.The studies are all useless. There has yet to be a real large scale and accurate study on the mbti population.The study itself...... No study has been large scale enough to know the general population..... Plus mistypes is also a big obstacle to get through too.

You can't know something taken the time to find it out first.......Large scale is simply a scale that is big enough to get an general idea. 

Yes you do not have to literally get the entire population, but you'd need at least a few million( well depending on each state population) each selected randomly from each state. 

However, they aren't 100% accurate either. It just shows the percentage chance of the rest of the population's type being.no, that's really how it works lol. I done my research.My point is it cannot be depended on because it just gives you a percent chance. And there are a lot of uncontrollable variables too. A study like this data is not a good way to know the general population because it is not 100%. Too many uncontrollable variables. Both are not logical. How is this even valid? I need to at least see their whole facesno, less then 1% margin of error is only by the study standards. Realistically speaking the study is by far inaccurate and does not account for the numerous uncontrollable variables.Studies  like this cannot be relied on when it comes to sensitive information that actually counts. It has way too many errors and uncontrollable variables.



&gt; Also it's usually just a few leaders at the top who decide over what strategy to use. So % of intuitives wouldn't be important.

It is important because remember "cyber warfare?"You can't change your type. It is impossible. 

Other parts of personality sure, but you cannot change your cognitive functions.I acknowledge the fact that nothing is really evil. But that doesn't mean I agree with it.&gt;Cognitive function preference is merely categorised cognitive frameworks, and since cognitive frameworks can change, cognitive function preference can hence change.

Nope you do not know this.

"Cognitive functions" (in the MBTI sense) cannot be defined by science. There is no clear 100% definition that proves anything known in the brain to have connections with the "Cognitve functions"(MBTI sense).

So because of this. There is no way to know if types can change. But typically based on experience of "verified and knowledgable MBTI users".

Types don't change.

You cannot prove that that it is part of the cognitive framework because "cognitive functions" when speaking with MBTI cannot be defined 100% clearly.

It is unknown.Saying it can be proven is just as bad.No you do not have substantiation. All we are arguing now is a matter of "commonly accepted facts" and whether or not we acknowledge they are facts. Because none of it can be empirically proven therefore it is only up to us to determine if they are. In other words it is "subjective".

It also has to do with our definition of "personality". "Minds can change" need to be more clearly defined here as well.

You seem to be assuming a lot of things that are not really facts to be facts.( or so you seem believe them to be facts based on your standard of what is required for something to be considered  "empirically proven"). Whereas based on my standards I do not consider it to be empirically proven.

I think a big part of our argument boils down to semantics.I don't want to be a special snowflake lol(well I do but in my own way not MBTI related). Also most of my pride lies elsewhere.(not MBTI)

Tbh I actually want more people to be my type therefore I can relate to them more. Anyways just because people are the same type it doesn't mean they are the same or anything.I can't speak for everyone but cognitive functions test(the original one made by personality café)( I don't think it's working anymore).

That one actually helped me pretty significantly. Last year when I first introduced to the MBTI I originally genuinely thought I was INTP(based on one of those popular MBTI online tests), so I was by no means under any biased perception.

Then I took the cognitive functions test and I got INFP. That was when I got steered in the right direction to finding my true type which is ISFP.From my experience ESTP's seem to be somewhat emotionally sensitive people too. 

I think they can love very hard too( or so it may seem, Fousytube is an extremely emotionally sensitive ESTP (based on ESTP standards, but we do have to account for the fact that he does have bipolar disorder) . But it in the end I think it really boiled down to the individual person. 

*(BTW if you seen Fousytube he genuinely cries in one of his vlogs and all the negative youtube comments hilariously gets to him all the time, he's 100% ESTP too. It's quite amazing since ESTP's have a reputation of being insensitive like most thinkers.)*


Btw are you sure it's really what you say? are you 100% sure you been through the "infatuation" phrase? If yes you say you still don't feel any *fireworks type of love/passion* type of love?

I find that interesting though. It could have to do with your type, but I'm not sure I'm convinced yet.
Do you cry because of Feeler things or thinker things?Intelligence would have to be defined here. If you consider sports to be talent/intelligence  , then doesn't really require memory/reasoning. Just raw talent.look goodNo I mean sociology. (I Think) says something that types/catergorized  people will act the same way based on the society they live in.Yea, I don't think I'm affected by society as much as J's imo.No J does have to do with it. Both Te and Fe are prone to become sheeps of society.I dislike ENTJ's I find most TJ's to be my worst enemy. (Well according to the MBTI online persona)

But still....... I seriously despise TJ's personality wise.

Although I'd have to say I appreciate their service to society.No humans are work on emotions even thinkers do. Logic and reason comes after emotions.What is your logic behind ESFJ's being football players and straightforward people ? who never lie? hide nothing?
IMO the straightforward and simple minded people are Se users not Si users.

From my experience Fe is the best function for lying. They typically lie on a daily basis (not for any malicious reasons) because they genuinely believe what they are doing will bring harmony(which is why they are the best at lying with a straight face). Because of this they aren't exactly "straightforward" either. From my experience, FJ's are the type that tends to approach you indirectly, they typically aren't straightforward at all. Enhancers would actually be Se doms but i'd fit in it too.

Theoretically all fighting types should be S's. ( Yes it is plasusible if you consider enneagram types)

N's are inherently inferior when it comes to reflects and physical combat ability.Music distracts me, when I have it on I always tend to pay attention and listen to it too much. 

But sometimes I would have it on though ( it depends on how tired/drained I am.)Just an general enthusiastic vibe making me feel important and liked is enough.Probably ISFP, INFP. 

They are the lazy types who understand me.

They should(in theory)

Isn't that more of an F tert thing?Because most people into the MBTI online are INTJ's. Just look at INTJ forumsenneagram? MBTI isn't really personality.Probably for thinkers and maybe some feelers who value "intutitve type intelligence"( the so called "INTJ mastermind")

As a person who could give less fucks about intuitive type of intelligence, I don't really care about INTJ.Hey that's some amazing information. Thanks so much.

I really liked the style of explanation you did there.&gt; For Fe-doms, we are so good at it that you often can't tell when we're doing it to you.

Typically in most normal situations, you wouldn't know if people are being genuine or manipulative. Unless they are really obvious about it.

as in phsycially? Good looks by itself wont get you far.

Personality is the key to success in literally everything.I didn't change my mind lol. Yea I dont see anything wrong with being shallow lol. (I tend to not believe that there such things as being "objectively wrong", it's all subjective).

Anyways. I dont completely disregard personality, It simply works like this

**Looks good THEN personality good ( personalities all subjective)**

**whereas N's and SJ's**

**Personality good THEN looks good**

Anyways regarding this post above. I'm simply admitting to the fact that people in general prefer 

**Normal looks+(subjectively "Good' personality)**

OVER

**Stunning looks+(subjectively "Bad" personality)**

YouTube celebrities are the literal proof of what people with insane "charisma alone"  are capable of achieving in today's society.

Personality&gt;Looks (if you aren't ugly) is just reality.( at least in today's world)Yea but as an N, your standards aren't exactly high lol.[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5829 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/69064)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2100 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/92233)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5064 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/03101)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4181 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/47449)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3835 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/75153)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8917 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/82559)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9559 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/60459)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4772 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/26182)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8854 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/44687)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9290 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/42695)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4609 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/20898)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4365 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/46563)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3781 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85516)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4124 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/91547)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7926 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/62128)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2321 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/94824)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2431 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/58043)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4883 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/87873)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8565 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/75190)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0484 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/92266)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6477 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/69867)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5585 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/96049)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0421 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/16210)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4235 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/86954)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8755 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/68481)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9246 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/17619)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9638 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/41839)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2050 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/72620)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3723 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/64747)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6855 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/46106)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8498 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/09638)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4093 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/51175)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8417 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/44302)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8259 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/84420)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3345 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/43913)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0343 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/64536)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0645 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/26191)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2391 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/58042)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0675 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/22771)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7788 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/14168)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8126 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/33565)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1966 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/91167)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7699 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/44070)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2187 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/28613)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3640 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/50917)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1048 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/31716)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3584 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85431)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3842 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/97856)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9919 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85049)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1977 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/41141)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0441 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/39237)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2964 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48325)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4482 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/94128)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1879 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/09654)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9815 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/25205)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5749 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/45386)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7560 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/80290)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9795 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/59488)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4162 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/62984)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8729 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/92128)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1295 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/23709)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1915 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/44237)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2851 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/93339)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4385 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85468)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5424 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/26091)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2666 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/12257)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1472 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/60043)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4029 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/27735)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^4.8828 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/93984)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9155 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/86153)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0892 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/69135)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1510 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/83613)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8996 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/82958)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5060 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/59925)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3041 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/15606)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2845 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/82543)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5659 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/10069)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6556 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/93601)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9812 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/60088)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8969 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/73913)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5397 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/04868)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6311 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/06079)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4924 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/28761)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9221 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/75773)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6888 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/50228)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0531 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/30647)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6657 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/97136)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7132 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48428)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5472 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/01636)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6075 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/58685)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3054 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/67376)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8839 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/33850)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4591 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/75116)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3272 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/91389)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7778 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/70010)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1558 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48502)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8930 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/71515)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9213 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/74558)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7686 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/28012)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3881 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/51640)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2341 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/39574)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5127 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/59482)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3121 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/99773)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8159 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/50636)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7348 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/69049)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0949 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/63286)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5897 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85554)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1846 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/41162)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3026 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/56406)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2262 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/96237)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6691 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/64182)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9290 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/27305)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0373 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/43867)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1544 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/82019)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3567 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/72930)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7117 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/91487)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1703 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/47013)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0927 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/34951)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4373 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/64399)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9525 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/91496)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9811 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/62000)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1591 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/31603)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1346 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/52816)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8278 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/73384)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9508 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/82299)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4158 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/59380)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9344 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/64519)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5277 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/93954)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3050 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/39399)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0467 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/62355)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9503 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/06099)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9245 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/70024)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8040 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/70625)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0622 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/13283)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4962 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/10203)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9826 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/25929)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6153 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/97233)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9228 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85765)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0426 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/26420)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6570 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/34904)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5872 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/35511)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7741 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/31180)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6837 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/37777)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9889 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/12038)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5401 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/46747)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6036 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/89938)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5758 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/08615)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7332 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/44903)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7782 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/76992)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7689 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/09735)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5099 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/86207)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6567 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/59357)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8203 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/21778)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2661 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/76339)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0344 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/68717)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2299 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/42187)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1725 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/47790)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1916 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/40474)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1412 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/78811)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5202 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/57470)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2541 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/86532)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3944 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/91550)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4653 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/21594)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3104 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/65287)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4467 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/32778)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1288 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/34483)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3496 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/57071)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9067 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/10663)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7783 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/64854)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8960 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/07226)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2291 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/97189)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9694 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/72543)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8204 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/48131)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1822 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/62195)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0750 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/85981)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1451 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/32399)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6995 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/03130)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9552 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/74398)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8541 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/53133)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8682 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/07667)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1635 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/50057)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6595 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/99254)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8762 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/22655)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1612 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/44749)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0817 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/40582)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8136 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/77740)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0643 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/92417)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8498 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/04267)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1462 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/79853)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0346 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/35056)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8634 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/07174)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1030 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/54575)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8084 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/98637)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5001 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/30449)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3072 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/49258)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7170 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/12454)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6163 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/68267)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9748 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/97108)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0995 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/79880)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8035 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/65407)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0193 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/86445)[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7809 
 &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/51291)I find myself more of an explorer than an architect.

I think ISFP should be an Aesthetic Explorer.

Most of society's fashion innovation trends comes from an Se/Fe Fe/Se  standard. I wouldn't say ISFP are the ones that  design new fashion trends. 

I wouldn't say ISFP's are innovators of aesthetics( like I mean we MAY find it fun to create aesthetics out of already existing stuff, but I wouldn't say we are hardcore innovators as in "having an new invention idea") 

I think ISFP's simply appreciate it more than any other types. As I am addicted to it.


That show is retarded.agreed XSFJ are not Aesthete's.I like my type I like the idea of Fi. Because I it fits me.From my personal experience of traveling to a some well known parts of Europe and Asia. I think most foreign cultures are SJ's and ST's.

IMO The US is the only country that is actively striving towards Se-Fi. And even then it STILL reeks heavily of SJ/ST.

But the US does influence most of the world and that's why some countries will kind of have an Se impression but it's really not.
Sits at the corner/last row.

Could have to do with social anxiety though.Same, I think this might be because of social anxiety.not really I just wanted to write this down.Only thing I know  is that Fe users are more likely to be positive and believe in that "there is good in most people".

Which may be why they may be more likely to trust people/even strangers if they seem like a nice person.

That's why Fe users are the easiest type of people to be scammed by a con artist.

Te is similar too.Your "neojugian" stuff is cancer. Stop it.Being suspicious and having a positive outlook on life and people are two different things.

If the person puts a good act( which is most of the case), there's no reason to be suspicious. 

The fact remains that Fe users on average do have a better positive outlook on life and therefore are more likely to see the "good" in people and trust people. Exactly.

Thanks.Shut the fuck up motherfucker!

Don't call me dumb.

Latin America is barbaric primitive and with little feeling.I think that seeing the good in most people means more prone to trust.

That's what my personal experience tells me too.  And from both of my Fe parents.

I don't see this conversation getting anywhere.
Each to their own.They already have just not labeled MBTImaybe you are ISFP.I wish the world had less of them. Means less trouble and headache for everyone.Introverts would not have starved. Introverts could do perfectly fine without extroverts.

ISXP's would do perfectly fine. 

They are known lone survivalist.Extroversion is a weakness. Introverts are self sufficient.Being introverts doesn't mean you cant do team work.ISXP's will be self sufficient.
I never said it was fact. This is true. I agreeI don't see how introverts cant do those things.Not really though. What's generally perceived as intelligence has to do with "speed".

So extroverts do win in terms of speed. But they are reckless though so that doesn't really count either.No that's wrongNot really. Organization is more of an Fe/Te.

You may already be organized, maybe just not compared to your Te friends.


Yea but the "structure thing" is kind of hard(at least not easy) to observe. 

You know any behaviors that are easy to observe upon first meeting someone?

What I'm precisely looking for is if people could "add on" to the "classic" example ( Like "BurnedOutInAJar") said.

Besides have "structure" what else are similar but different ways to tell?You must be straight up trolling. Stop jumping to conclusions. 

&gt;MBTI looks at the motive and gives a variety of outcomes.

no shit

Just because I say behavioral analysis doesn't mean I don't look at the motive.......

&gt;If i told you that ESTPs like to flirt that doesn't equate to every person who flirts is an ESTP.

no shit.

There are things known as "typical behaviors" as I stated in the OP and I also did say **word for word** that it's not absolute. Those behaviors are the behaviors that has to do more with your type/functions, than your individual unique personality. 

Whats ironic is that you fit the definition of Se thinking black and white perfectly lol.

EDIT: it's funny that I got downvotes, I guess this forum is about politeness more than facts after all. ( not to mention he wasn't exactly that nice either) 

&gt;MBTI doesn't work with behavioural analysis.

Kbnation COMPLETELY DISMISSED behavioral analysis when it is the very thing Jung used himself in discovering the functions. (I never said I didn't look at motive either, if you know ANYTHING about the MBTI you'd know that motive is literally comment sense. 

You don't see physics scientist repeating the laws of physics every time they use them right? Because it's common sense for them.

Exactly.

But hey, this thread logic says otherwise.I get what you are saying lol. I'm actually working on that too.&gt;if an IxyP has a dominant function of T/F, how can they be considered Perceivers if their main function is a rational, judging function, with the irrational perceiving auxiliary function supporting the dominant function?

ummmmm how do you not know this? It's just simply how it's labeled lol. Go look it up on Wikipedia.Lol oh really? Says the person that takes and assumes  everything at face value without logically thinking it over with context clues.( when it's literally written word for word)

LolCoherent answerAre you denying the fact that Jung used behavioral analysis when discovering the functions?

Are you denying the fact that I said this(below? Word for word).

"Typical behaviors(having to do with functions) not guaranteed?"

You are Se user right? This is as straight forward as it gets.

Yes or no.I only think about it occasionally. Thinking about it kind of hurts because I can't go back. So only occasionally is a good dose of nostalgia.The author of the classic example is Myers lol. Look at their main website or look in "gifts differing".Wow......Much wow lol. You keep criticizing my analytical ability and yet you you present much logical fallacies/biases  in your arguments.

And so then?  You still haven't answered my question. Stop running away from my it.

My last question wasn't an rhetorical question. It was literal.

My analytical ability? Lol what?

Is it because I didn't say  "look at motives"? Lol. Man........


*Jesus Christ*, Irrational people sure are amusing.

At this point I've given up all hope for you sir.

Peace.&gt;This is why I called your analysis shit. You just preach value judgements and they say more about you than mbti.

Ok I'm listening. Please elaborate on this. How am I preaching value judgements(that only apply to me) here?

Also.

People get to choose if their message is rhetorical or not. It's not a "must rhetorical" question. 

Regarding the questions.

Those were the main 2 points that we were in conflict about. 

So you not wanting to answer those questions must mean that IM RIGHT?

*Ok since the bottom argument is lasting way too long and this is easier for people to see.*

His main argument was that I should look at "motives" instead of behavior. 

However in my OP I mentioned that such things as 

"Typical behavior" that has to do more with functions than individual. 

I also mentioned that it's obviously going to not be 100% true since everyone is obviously different and F's could imitate T's vice versa and etc.......

It's pretty much just a "hit or miss" shortcut to typing people. Which in most real life scenarios, that's kind of the only option.

Jung originally discovered the functions by observing people too. So I don't see how " behavioral analysis" can be "completely dismissed" which is what kbnation said.

Now he is refusing to answer these questions .He is claiming these questions are irrelevant.

1. If ** did Jung ever used behavior analysis to type people?**

This question is relevant because as the creator of cognitive functions. It only reasonable to assume what he did is AT LEAST viable.

2.  **did you see that I mentioned "word for word" that i said it is not guaranteed?**

This question is relevant because it adds to the viability of  "behavior analysis". And backs up my argument that he is attacking.





Look at my comment to other post. Above Those were trash talking words man. Try to attack my main argument for once in your pathetic life time.

Try to refute it. If you can

Doesn't need to be 100% was my original statement it was not an argument to refute you. I merely brought it back up.(Inb4 crying)

Lmao. 

I guess at this point keep playing your game is actually encouraging you. 

Peace.Your ground up approach is simply a preference to yourself it is not the only way to do it.  

Yes it does have a higher chance of being accurate than behavioral analysis however in most situations people do not have the time and opportunity to utilize those ways of approach

 ( what I'm simply advocating is a easier "hit or miss" way, which often times is the only way to do it, and I said  take it with a grain of salt) 

(Which for some weird  reason, offended you heavily.)

And your problem is that you think your way is the only way. That's your stuck up ignorant problem.


You clearly have a 1 sided bias towards "behavioral analysis".

Jung did ask them questions but he also did note behavior analysis of each type. And he literally describes their behavior.Sure.So pretty much this is a pissing contest between who can spew the most bullshit and win the favor of these sheeple people who know nothing of the MBTI.

Jung did note behavior if you read the actual book you'd know. I cba to pull it up.

I've told you again and again about why you are wrong ( ok technically you aren't wrong but you insult my intelligence by saying shit that I already know which is what irritates me.

. So pretty much I'm done here.

There are endless ways to poke holes in arguments no matter how rational it sounds and if you feed the sheeple enough of it, they'll believe anything. Just like the majority of US population. , any Ti users can easily poke holes in even the smartest genius prodigy there is. and unless it is an empirical fact then it can be disputed and many people have.

I'm not a T and I don't debate for the sake of debating and I don't find it fun either. So obviously you are going to win, because I'm tired of this lol.
I'm just irritated by your irrationality, that's all. But I guess irrational people like you cannot be helped.
You said I was wrong without giving me evidence.( it's only natural that I reject it)  You expected me to believe your claims based on your word.

The burden of proof is on you

How about you provide some solid evidence from a primary source? I wont take offense no matter how harsh you present it.


&gt;My problem is that you attacked me instead of having a discussion about it. This does mean that you dismissed it without getting into a discussion that would evolve some validation in either rational or empirical discovery. You were simply unpleasant and intolerant. 

Wait so I was the intolerant one? See look this is what I don't understand. 

You are the one who straight up said "YOU ARE WRONG"  in response to my original FIRST comment. 

What irritated me is the fact that you assumed you were objectively right WITHOUT QUESTION based on something that's clearly debatable. 

So now "who's fault is it?" It's obviously your fault here. If you didn't respond like that to my first comment I wouldn't have responded like that.

&gt;You have already admitted that behaviour analysis is not accurate in the context of MBTI
&gt;I explained to you from the outset the reason behind this inconsistency - it is in fact due to the appraoch that each model takes.

I said it's **Less accurate** but is viable.

What exactly does this prove?( below)

http://www.simplypsychology.org/carl-jung.html

&gt;https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top-down_and_bottom-up_design#Neuroscience_and_psychology

Why are you attempting to use concepts of empirical/general psychology to back up an argument having to do with the MBTI?

&gt;All i have done it explain to you why you method fails.

It has a chance of failing but not 100% thus it is viable to some degree.

&gt;You have already admitted that behaviour analysis is not accurate in the context of MBTI

 In terms of the MBTI "Gift's Differing" clearing describes behavior VERY clearly. In fact, it is one of the main components that make up the MBTI.





&gt;Go back to the top and look at what you did. As soon as you felt challenged you attacked me with "trash talk".

I responded in kind. Do you not understand cause and effect? You provoked me and therefore I responded in kind.

&gt; Which i have now validated with plenty of ferences regarding the cognitive styles and i've given you good information to confirm that my perspective is valid.

However, that's not the only thing you are arguing for. You said I was WRONG. And therefore your answer is right but  is only way to do it. (in this case)

I'm not arguing if your perspective is or isn't valid. I'm arguing that your perspective isn't the only way. 

&gt;"In cognitive terms, two thinking approaches are distinguished. "Top-down" (or "big chunk") is stereotypically the visionary, or the person who sees the larger picture and overview. Such people focus on the big picture and from that derive the details to support it. "Bottom-up" (or "small chunk") cognition is akin to focusing on the detail primarily, rather than the landscape. The expression "seeing the wood for the trees" references the two styles of cognition."

How does this have direct relation to the MBTI? ( above)

&gt;We don't use square wheels for a reason. And you look stupid arguing the case for square wheels.

Dude your way has a chance of failure too. It's the same for all, just that mine is perhaps less work.

&gt;Burden of proof. Please explain your protest. This is not an adequate explanation and it's your burden of proof to support your position.

I don't have the books right now. But it had tables that said.

J's are more inclined to----

P's are more inclined to -----

and same with types.

I'll get the primary source later but here is one that is primary enough. ( it's from the official site)

http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/judging-or-perceiving.htm

J

The following statements generally apply to me:
 
I like to have things decided. 

I appear to be task oriented.

I like to make lists of things to do.

I like to get my work done before playing.

I plan work to avoid rushing just before a deadline. 

Sometimes I focus so much on the goal that I miss new information.

P

The following statements generally apply to me:

I like to stay open to respond to whatever happens. 

I appear to be loose and casual. I like to keep plans to a minimum. 

I like to approach work as play or mix work and play. 

I work in bursts of energy.

I am stimulated by an approaching deadline.

Sometimes I stay open to new information so long I miss making decisions when they are needed.**



**So much for behavioral analysis LMAO.**

**You just got 100 destroyed lol. You lost this debate now lmao. Good fight son**

**LOL!**

I'm done here 

PEACE!


People who claim subjective stuff to be objective.

LOLOLOLOLOLI'll believe anything If you can prove it.

If you can't prove it, it's simply not true. Easy as that.

As Einstein once said.

"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough".

Well if you are going that route then it's just "nothing" (which I'm also in favor of) 

It's kind of like the guys who tell you.

"Well you can't prove god isn't real either"

( and of course when I say "prove it", it's assuming you have the ability and resources to do so.) ( if you don't then assuming somebody else who did has) Yea they aren't wrong. ( like I said, I'm also in favor of that route)

But yea I am agnostic.

I seem to come into conflict with INFJ's on this subreddit a lot. But I personally don't know 100% if they are in fact INFJ. 

But then again it may not just be INFJ's. Most Fe users can't understand my logic and I don't know understand theirs either.

Fe users seem to think that a lot of subjective things are objective. And that's why I don't get along with them because there is nothing more i hate than people claiming subjective stuff to be objective.

Exactly the same with High Te users(TJ's)

EDIT: sorry I misread your question. But I'll leave my comment on here though.There's truth to that though.

How would you argue otherwise?Yea it's not you:

There's a few other people on here that I used to be in conflict with and I think they might be INFJ's.Yea definitely lol. 

By Fe users I mean everyone that has Fe in their main stack so INTP would definitely fit in.So you are saying that you understand that even stuff that you view is "bad" even to go as far as acknowledging that even"murder". Is technically neutral and not good or bad?

Can you see the subjectivity in that situation?

Exactly I think normally you would immediately dismiss that "murder is neutral" you would probably tell me that it is objectively wrong if this were a "typical" situation. ( at least this is what I often get from most Fe users)

I do have a history of posting things such as 

"Stuff like murder is neutral"
I got massive downvotes from most people actually not just Fe users. ( including NTP's)

They keep saying that I'm objectively wrong and stuff.

When they probably don't understand that it is subjective and they are merely disagreeing with my axioms that are subjective.&gt;You are making judgements about the ability to think critically based on type which are quite frankly unjustified

It just seems like Fe users are "less likely" to be aware of their own biases. 

From my experience high Fi users( Assuming no prior knowledge) seems to realize that at the end of a debate/argument  that there's really no point of arguing because it's all  just subjective. 

Fe people, seems to never realize this . 

&gt; And no I don't agree that murder is neutral, but that doesn't mean I don't understand the premises your using to arrive at those conclusions. 

This is also something that I should point out. The people that say I am wrong are saying that I am objectively wrong. So....... I guess all of them so not know what they are talking about then.&gt;My understanding is that you are debating with people online.

Most of my family and relative are Fe user's I grew up with a lot of them. Fe is very easy to spot assuming you have the basic knowledge of the MBTI.


&gt;You are also projecting your own values onto other people. Just because something is subjective does not mean there is no point in debating or discussing it.

Perhaps it's a misunderstanding but when I said 

"Fe people, seems to never realize this."

I meant that they never realize that it's subjective. Not that there's 

"no point in arguing because it's subjective"

&gt;I could make the same statements you are making in reverse if I were to go solely by my own experiences.

Exactly it's anecdotal , I wasn't trying to prove anything. All I was trying to say was that "It seems that Fe user's aren't aware of their own biases."  and that's why I think that way.

It means what it literally says.

Also reason I believe that is. (below)

Fe is famous on the internet for having thoughts like

 "XXXX is objectively good or bad". 

Fe/Te  are also said to be "objective" while Fi is "subjective". 

So as you can see those are the reasons as to why I thought that was. I find that there is truth in that.

&gt;the following is the results of me taking the keys2cognition test notice how my Fe and my Fi scores are nearly dead even:

Perhaps this is a conflict in belief? I don't see how a subjective  test can prove anything lol

.

Last of all, I have a question

IMO

I think that Fe users( at least ENFJ's and ISFJ's, and  yes I know them in real life and they've confirmed it)  are less likely to be able to rationalize actions that come in conflict with their morals. Most of the time if it happens, they will find that they are objectively at fault. And feel a lot of guilt.

Fi on the other hand, is most likely to be able to rationalize their actions by thinking something like 

*"well it's subjective anyways, so technically I'm not wrong"*

Do you think the Fe example fits you? What about a version of you when you were not as knowledgeable as you are now?
 


&gt;Amazingly closed off to actual reality. In your mind, you already know "the truth." Any response that doesn't conform with what you already know ... you dismiss as somehow outside of typical reality.

Honestly speaking, I didn't put a lot of confidence to that statement. (below)

*I think normally you would immediately dismiss that "murder is neutral" you would probably tell me that it is objectively wrong if this were a "typical" situation.*

I said "i think". 

On a scale of 1 -10 on how certain I was....... probably 1.Hmmmm, fair enough I guess.As we all know, there are an insanely high amount of mistyped people here.

I think part of the reason is that people refuse to embrace the fact that SOME "Stereotypes" are true. ( or rather, new people are lead to the false belief that " they don't need to fit into stereotypes")

I don't know why but I think it's because the word "Stereotype" has a  bad reputation in modern media.
Also, "Stereotype" by definition - is an oversimplified idea. Which I can see why can be frowned upon by abstract minded SJ's and N's.( which is the majority of the online community)

Popular thoughts that defy Stereotypes in the MBTI community are.
**"anyone can be anything regardless of types"**

**"don't limit yourself because of MBTI it doesn't mean anything much except how you function"**

**"T vs F doesn't determine how logical you are"**
**(how far the T function is in your stack)**
**EDIT: depends on the topic**

IMO people who implement these thoughts are most likely J's since they tend to believe that "anything is possible if you work hard enough".

I think XXFP's who buy into these stuff can be compared to the "Liberal" mindset.Just pretty much open minded people that have strong feelings against discrimination of any kind. In a way, IMO I think that is blinding their judgement. (In this case) ( I myself is more liberal than conservative) 

**Problem with Stereotypes**

I think one of the main reasons SJ's frown upon stereotypes is because they don't fit them. 

According to stereotype 

S=concrete

N=abstract

SJ's are pretty much very abstract. The only function that is literally "concrete" is Se. So I can see why they'd discover S=concrete to be untrue which can lead to other false conclusions.

This is the biggest problem I can think of.

**My Point Being**

The point I'd like to make is that stereotypes are there for a reason.  Stereotypes don't just magically appear out of nowhere.

Popular Stereotypes take time to develop and is based on experience over time. Stereotypes are the byproduct of all the observation and experience of the MBTI.

Stereotypes are pretty much based off the "experience". An easy but Empirical way of determining type.

Without stereotypes there would be no clear basis and everything would be based on your own interpretation of Jung's original work. 

Now of course there are stereotypes that can be seen as being "too broad" but it's still pointing towards a direction. 

Like if you are emotional, you are more likely to be an F than T. 

IMO if you are one of those people who get confused when reading cognitive functions. Stereotypes should be the 2nd place to go. (Use it to point yourself to a direction)

I think more people should start to accept stereotypes as a valid tool for determining type.






Ok I know this isn't a popular topic here, but I need help somewhat badly. Any advice would be appreciated.

ISFP here

I been having a hard time deciding what major to take, it's my 2nd year and I think I'm going to switch again. Used to be a business major for marketing lol (obviously that didn't work out) 

My very first major was Psychology too.

I've been thinking around, and the ONLY thing that I have at least some interest in is psychology.
I'm mainly interested in people, I want to understand people. I think that would fit in Social Psychology. 

The thing is 

I know real psychology has nothing to do with the MBTI. Mainly because empirical psychology pretty much applies to all humans,(EX: how to be charismatic, how to know if someone likes you, how to fall in love etc......). Which obviously contradicts the MBTI because based on the MBTI we know that it's completely different for everyone depending on your type.

In terms of cognitive functions, do you think an ISFP can handle studying psychology? I heard that hardcore general psychology is really T heavy. But I don't think that's how Social psychology will be like. I think social psychology is more F friendly. 

Looking for thoughts and advices. 

Thanks.

ISFP here

*Disclaimer: this isn't really a "rant" because a rant by definition would imply that I'm somewhat angry about this. Which I am not. This is just something I want to point out and inform people of.*

**Liking a person because of their looks is shallow**

I'm tired of people saying that . That's like the typical belief in modern media/culture, even I myself once believed it   at one point in my life and I'm sure many other same types as my also believed it at some point in their life, heck maybe they still do. I always liked people based on their level of physical attractiveness. Even though I knew it was viewed as being "shallow" my Fi never really gave a fuck. 

I deeply disagree with that, I think that people especially people like me.(I'm assuming Se feelers) should stop being ashamed and embrace the fact that liking someone because they are physically attractive is perfectly normal and moral thing to do.( talking about "other" people, Personally I never gave a fuck) 

Here are my some of my reasons 

**We don't get to choose either**
We are all born with a fixed personality and looks. And no, even if personality is nurture over nature, I can still easily argue that personality is still fixed in some way . However I'm sure that isn't needed since I'm sure here in MBTI forums we believe personality Is fixed.

**Honestly, it's not even my choice**
Physically Unattractive people are just very disturbing I can't tolerate physically unattractive people. There's just this feel to it, it feels really bad. Just plain uncomfortable. It's not even my intention to be mean or anything but I just don't wanna be around them or see them. The thought picture of an ugly person makes me uncomfortable as fuck.

Hear me out though, we got people possibly N's and SFJ's saying it's perfectly ok to dislike someone because of their personality. But when it comes to looks? We are shallow.


**It's not fair**
You got the SFJ's and NF's liking people for their personality and thinking it's the perfect moral thing to do and literally calling other people out who don't do it "shallow".

You also got the NT's and ST's liking people for their intelligence/aptitude. Apparently that's ok too.(then again it's not like the T's give a fuck lol)

And the only problem here is the SFP's liking people for their physical beauty. Because apparently that's "shallow". 

**More**

Not that I'm not trying to say I completely disregard personality. Personality and physical beauty are both requirements for me to like someone. However Physical Beauty is the more important of the 2.

A more accurate explanation of my point of view  would be that "Your looks IS your personality" if you are physically attractive, that automatically makes your personality attractive. (Im pretty sure for NF's and SFJ's it's pretty much the opposite of that)

**bottom line**

Now I do not know whether or not if I am speaking for all XSFP's.Although I deeply believe that it's definitely an  innate quality for XSFP's to like people based on their looks. ESFP's are less aware of this but it's still definitely there. It's more of an natural instinct than something we get to choose. 

Whether or not this correlates with their Fi values is going to be another thing though. If it doesn't, I can see there being much conflict. 

Also, for me personally, I only like attractive people IF their personality is also XSFP. 

**EDIT: the implication here is that the word "Shallow" is a widely held belief to be a bad thing. Also, I'd also want to argue that no, it is not shallow by definition either**

&gt;From my point of view it's a bit complicated because it's like.

&gt;Yes, I do like people for their "looks", but it's like their looks are more than just "looks" there's a deeper special feeling to different types of looks. And I think that's how the term "love at first sight" originates from( although never happened for me)

&gt;Don't know if that's clear enough explanation for you.












Si is a computer that downloads FAR slower than Se, however once the download  is complete, all of the information WITHIN what is downloaded becomes second nature  . Therefore making Si FAR faster and efficient than Se at tasks that allow time for Si to download the information beforehand.

Se is a computer that downloads FAR faster than Si. However, the downloaded information is never stored in the computer.

**Advantages and Disadvantages**
Si can only use the information WITHIN what is downloaded faster/efficient than Se. 

Si's weakness is new information, information that it has not yet been fully downloaded. 

Se's advantage is adaptability to any situation. If Se is to beat Si, it needs to think outside the box. Try to confuse Si by being completely random and unpredictable.

Se will lose to Si at repetitive tasks, or tasks that has a high likelihood of repeating the same movement/
sensation.

NOTE:  regarding repetitive tasks for XSTP's I think Ti would even the playing field a LITTLE bit.However I think XSTJ's would still win.

Thoughts and opinions?

**NOTE incase it causes some confusion, I'm not "literally" comparing functions to computers. It is just an comparison that coincidently fit this comparison.**











ISFP here.

I always hated authority/people that have power over me.

In jobs I hate higher up positions because they limit my freedom and ability to be myself. I can NEVER be friends with my boss, it doesn't matter how nice or good of a person they are because there's always just this "tension" thing going on because I know he can fire me at anytime, everything just feels fake and it just makes me feel really uncomfortable.

It's not that I want power.I do not seek power but sometimes I have to seek power so that others can't control me.

**Everything else besides jobs**
  So basically, I HATE people that want to stop me from doing whatever I want. (Within what is reasonable)
(So probably Te heavy people are my worst enemy?) 

Thoughts and opinions? And what types hate authority the most and why?

 ISFP here.

I think it's commonly known that ISFP's want to "prove" their loyalty by actions. Which can be anything  from blindly agreeing with someone, or by literal actions.

However, how they do it can be different.So I can't say I'm speaking for all ISFP's here. 

**An example of how I prove my loyalty**
Let's say if the vote(for anything) is 20 to 1 and that 1 person is someone special to me.It would be my pleasure to side(blindly) with that 1 person as a way to prove my loyalty/love and loyalty if gf. (Basically prioritize over others)

**NOTE:**
I think all types would do something like this for their loved ones.HOWEVER, I think Fi(doms)are the one that does it the *most genuinely* with no regrets/resistance.
What I mean by this is this.

T is prone to be impartial/ wouldn't be prone to blindly side with anything, Fe is prone to feeling bad for the other side/ or siding with the majority( if even a little). 


**PROBLEM**
Ok so the problem is that my brother, an ESFP fails prove his loyalty to me again and again. And it's been going on for a long time and I'm just kind of really fed up with it now. I'm not going to get too much into it, but it has to do with deciding and choosing a side(between me and other people) 

So........ Yea it's really bothering me and I don't know if I should just call it quits and end our brotherhood altogether(refuse to accept him as my brother, it will be hard /still don't know if I am committed enough to do so) 

OR 

Give him the benefit of the doubt, since he is only 14(I'm 20) But then again, even at 14 I still held the same mindset as I do now?  Maybe it is because I am ISFP? However it seems like our moral beliefs are also completely different, for example he cares about other people. Sometimes when I am in conflict with other people he tells me to stop because he thinks I am in the wrong? That really pisses me off to no end because from my point of view that's literally declaring disloyalty/saying "I don't value you as my brother"  to my face. It makes me angry yet hurts me at the same time. I would NEVER do something like that to him.(at least not now)

*The reason I'm posting this is because today he disrespected me and literally proved his disloyalty to my face for the LAST TIME*

Yea so I just wanted to let all of this out lol.

Thoughts and opinions? Probably not any ESFP's here lol. Experiences with ESFP? What do you think is going on his mind?. What should I do? 

**EDIT: since this post below misrepresents what I'm saying on many levels. I will respond to it below.**

&gt;You're acting like you can't talk to Fi users rationally. Fi is a rational function. The idea that you cannot talk to Fi users logically without them rejecting it is not an inherent Fi thing. It's an unhealthy thing. People who refuse to listen to reason are unhealthy. 

&gt;There's a difference between preferring to make decisions on ethics instead of logic (regular Fi) and outright refusing any sort of logic by using invalidation tactics (you).

Logic is subjective. If logic was objective everyone would have the same thinking, especially T's.

With this being said.

&gt;People who refuse to listen to reason are unhealthy.

I did? I listened to reason and in the end I disagreed with their(other user) subjective idea of what's logically consistent. 

&gt;There's a difference between preferring to make decisions on ethics instead of logic (regular Fi) and outright refusing any sort of logic by using invalidation tactics (you).

I listened to why he thinks is wrong and I disagreed?

Only thing that pissed me off is them trying to claim their "logic" as objective.

















Ok so I just thought of this today. 
I don't know if this has already been posted before. 

Thing is, I noticed that the higher the extroverted judging function is on the function stack  the higher their level of discipline is.

I've observed this in 2 types so far(ESTP and ESFP) but I think it really makes a lot of sense.

Both ESTP and ESFP offer a level of discipline that I never thought was possible for P's*(no this is not a false belief, it is said on official website that P's are less disciplined than J's in general)* and it just so happens that their Tert is both (Fe and Te).

Now when I say "discipline" I mean doing things that you don't like/REALLY don't like. 

I find that my ESFP brother does things regardless of the fact that he clearly hates it. 

**I myself as an ISFP I'd would pretty much just avoid it at all cost and then do it at the last minute and it STILL may or may not be done (or just not do it at all if it is not absolutely necessary)**

*i've heard the same from many IXXP's too.*

My ESFP brother hates things too BUT he's A LOT more prone to being disciplined and actually getting things done.

**Last Thing**
as we all know that the J's are famous for being disciplined. And it just so happens that their "Extroverted Judging" Functions are the highest among all types.

I really think that Extroverted Judging functions DEFINITELY has something to do with discipline.



Jung/Myers clearly haven't seen/observed every person on the planet..... So to say that there are only 16 types of personalities in the world without observing everyone in it..........

Do you think that sounds a bit arbitrary?

Unless there something from Jung's books that I do not know yet? which may be the reason for the 16 types?

EDIT: I'm not talking about other functions combinations, maybe there are functions that we don't even know existsIt seems like up until today SOME people here STILL do not fundamentally understand how Si works in real life(not in theory)

The common conceptions that most professional video gamers,/ athletes are Se users are FALSE.

Ok so let me explain

First of all let me link you to a previous post I posted before.
https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4ov5hb/si_vs_se/ (explaining how Si vs Se actually works)

Si can surpass Se given enough practice. ( assuming both players are of equal talent of course)

Ok now regarding video games. This guy right here is one of the best in FPS games, I'm sure some of you know him?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2y_pUe7vDus

If you think this guy is Se user then you simply have not met one in your life before. This guy is obviously a Si user.

nuff said.

EDIT: seriously guys? just watch the damn video. 



Mine is "Yousef  Erakat" FousyTube/DoseofFousy he is ESTP. He is an exceptionally warm ESTP.( or so he appears like it)

Your type, Your favorite youtuber and their type?Any instant giveaways?

Now of course nothing is guaranteed but what are some ideas for the typical behavior of P or J? Upon first meeting them.

Like not even looking at specific types, just straight up P or J. 
ISFP, I think, and I have no idea. I'm either not interesting enough for people to outwardly make observations about me, I only meet ass holes, and/or I don't meet enough people. To love and be loved in return. Moreso the later as I have, for better or worse, a habit of feeling like I don't quite "belong" and that people don't actually care about me beyond superficial reasons. I wouldn't call, according to Wikipedia,  a 55.2% to 43.1% losing badly. Looking at delegates is not a good way to how close or not an election was. If someone wins the right states they can win a majority of the delegates with less than 30% of the popular vote. 21/36

Better than I thought I would do.  I can figure out body language most of the time...or at least be semi-confident about what the other person is feeling. But, I was literally just guessing on over half of these. How can anyone pinpoint emotions just by looking at someone's eyes?Psychology in its entirety (almost) is a pseudoscience, so yes, MBTI is as well. But that's doesn't mean it carries no validity. INFP, male, 20 - '99 Infiniti i30 with over 200k miles. I drive it because it was cheap as fuck and it works, that's all that really matters.  
Hello, other internet ISFP! I don't have any questions for you, but I wanted to say that I relate to almost everything you said here. And you're right, ISFPs are severely underrepresented here (although I'm for sure not doing my part). It's always nice to see a (usually lone) ISFP say exactly what I'm thinking in a topic.I used to think I was an INFP, until after a lot of reading I was like nah dawg, my head isn't up in the clouds, it's up in my own ass. Fi-Ni, not Fi-Ne.I can't tell if it's the fact that ISFP's are *actually* less talked about than other types, or if it's that I'm constantly looking for talk about us so that I ignore how much talking is really going on about what.I don't necessarily think that's what he means. I think a lot of it has to do with the stereotype of an INFP as a depressed, special snowflake you'll get in a lot of online profiles. As for pseudo-artistic, I can see how any form of self-expression, especially in ISFPs who like written work, can be interpreted as Ne.Hey man, I can read audio books with the best of them!The funny thing is that almost any time I see ISFPs discussed there's nothing but overwhelming praise, see a lot of the recent Type Me threads. Any time I see these types of threads, though (which is actually pretty often, it's kind of amusing), I see a bunch of ISFPs come out of the woodwork, which leads me to believe that a lot of us just like reading more than writing about ourselves, which makes sense given our type.Obviously, INTJs wouldn't be caught dead smiling.Probably not. I don't know, though, it feels weird trying to come up with a set of hard and fast rules for this. I've been sitting here, and the only conclusion I could come up with is, "depends." My gut reaction would most likely be to want to do nothing and separate myself from the situation. If I had to guess, it would probably take something really extraordinary (relatively speaking about murder) for me to involve myself either way.Yeah, OP, a lot of what you said strikes me as Fi-Te. I may be biased, but I would also think about ISFP.ISFP. Not a whole lot of characters, honestly, but one that stood out to me recently is Max Caulfield from Life is Strange.ISFP here. I write and perform rap music, and my creative process is pretty sporadic. When I find a beat that I like, I'll put it on loop until something strikes me, whether it be a mood or a specific set of lines. This drives the rest of song, and honestly I just let the song go wherever it wants to. A lot of it is pretty stream of consciousness, I just write what I'm feeling at that point based off of what I said previously.

Then I wait for-goddam-ever to actually record and mix it, because I'm super lazy, but that's another issue entirely hahaha.ISFP: Can't we all just chill out for a second?  
Alternatively, Everyone should be free to navigate the world how they see fit.I'm an ISFP, and to be honest alcohol can be hit or miss for me. Sometimes I end up find, if only a little annoying, and other times I end up an emotional wreck. It helps if there's something to be doing (that paradoxically isn't very social. No amount of booze in the world makes me a party animal), because it can go real bad real quick if I end up bored or alone when drunk. I don't enjoy just being buzzed very much, but I'm good about not drinking if that's all that's accepted where I'm at.

If things are going well, then I become more talkative and expressive. Like I said, I still hate to be in large groups, especially of strangers, but in small ones I have a lot more fun. An ideal night of drinking for me is to have 4-5 of my mates playing games or just shooting the shit, although almost none of my friends share that sentiment haha.I feel you on those emotional hangovers. If I do something even slightly questionable (or very terrible), I feel like shit about it for days. Often I feel like it takes a long time for things to feel "back to normal" after a night of drinking, where I'll feel tension between me and my friends even if there's none actually there.I wouldn't imagine so. MBTI is more like a journey than a destination. Any type can like anything or believe anything, it's just the mental process that got them there.Yep, 100%. It's been said a million times in the context of the workplace, but the best leaders/managers/what have you are able to effectively guide people into doing their best, not micromanaging and making demands. It takes an insane amount of humility and trust in your team to do that, which is why I think the best leaders aren't always just the smartest people.It's funny, because one of my closest friends is an ENTJ, and while we sometimes (though intensely) get on each other's nerves, we usually get along just fine.Ayyy it's pretty great over here!Hey guys ISFP here, and I want to comment on some things I've read about Fi. I want to say that Fi can appear similar to Ti in many ways, but where I think T types disagree with us on goes directly to the source. Some say that Fi folks can't he dissuaded by logic, but I think in some cases that assumption is flawed because logic is used to explain a root point, and if we disagree with the root point then of course we probably don't agree with your logic, but probably not because of the reasons you think.

I think that Fi can be just as rational as T functions, just in a different way. We Fi users, especially ISFPs because of Ni, have probably thought a great deal about why we believe the way that we do, but outwardly we may express the root point more than the process behind it, leading many to believe us illogical, or "feeling," as the stereotype may go.

As an ISFP, I do think a great deal about my values, but I have a hard time articulating them, which may lead some to believe that I "feel" without reason. Just because I may not be able to explain my reasoning doesn't ways mean that I don't have any.

I guess the point I'm trying to make is that I don't want people to assume that F types are unreasonable, it's just that because of the lack of a T function  we may not always be able to properly argue our points. We care and try to understand others' points of view, but please don't think that we're all a bunch of irrational, selfish asses. Thanks for hearing my piece! :)

p.s. Sorry if this is the wrong thread for this, I've had a little bit to drink and I wanted to write my opinion about this issue before I wouldn't anymore.Hey man, I saw you changed your flair to ISFP. What made you finalize(?) your decision?Yeah, sometimes I feel like the divide between types leads to some unnecessary animosity, especially for me in real life. When I look back, I realize that me and my friends (and our friends here in the subreddit) aren't really all that different, and I need this reminder every once in a while to keep me sane.In response to the subreddit in particular, I've noticed that some types just don't respond naturally to other types. This has always came out in threads, but recently because of the negatively-focused threads, a lot of these types of relationships have been thrust into the limelight.

I also feel that some people of some types just have a problem with certain people, and are just projecting it to the whole type. I see this time and time again, but I think that we can see it for what it is and identify it rather than taking it at face value and arguing needlessly.I've noticed that I've had a hard time dealing with INTPs in the past, in fact my mother is one, haha, but do you actually think that the whole Fi is always "Feelz over realz," or do you take issue with a subset of Fi users? I don't feel that is always the case, even if it seems like that sometimes.What personality type are you? I have Te at last position, so while I'm not very good at utilizing it, I at least understand it. Sometimes I can see it as cold and removed, but at least in my ENTJ friend it at least considers everything else around it, even if it doesn't always value it. Te has an amazing ability to identify and take into consideration everything, so while it may not always agree I feel that Te doms will at least understand the other ways of thinking or feeling, as it may be.Hahaha, I'll admit, that sounds like an ISFP thing to do! I take it you're not that confident still, then?ISFP - Computer Science.  
Doesn't really sound like us, huh? I've thought the same thing, but sometimes us sensitive types (F and S) don't always gravitate towards low-paying jobs, despite what the statistics say, haha! Follow the money, and you can do what you desire after. ISFP in a nutshell, if you ask me!This is why I have an issue with people who say delivery doesn't impact the message. I'll say that the delivery *changes* the message, right? Whether or not you intend it, the way you say something impacts what you're actually saying. I don't have a problem with T's except if they try to use their T function as an excuse to be needlessly cruel because it's "the truth."I'll tell you what, I spent forever finding the perfect color scheme for vim (turns out it's Solarized, duh!), and I don't regret a single second, dammit!I'm going into my third year of computer science, and the only thing I'll say is that it's probably the only thing I can tolerate in a classroom setting, and if that's not passion I don't know what is, hahaha!

But seriously, I think to say that ISFPs can *never* be goal oriented is selling us short, no? We're not children, we can be capable of thinking long-term. Granted, my Fi isn't generally working at 100% efficiency, but it's whatever. My passions (video games, making music, and my friends, as stereotypical as it sounds) don't tend to make a lot of money, so I've made my peace with not pursuing it for a career.

It's difficult, sure, and it's probably going to be a bit more rough of a go because of my personality compared to, say, my INTJ best friend doing it, but I like it enough and it pays (so I've been told), so for a job it's alright.

I will say, though, that I'm possibly the least ambitious/career-driven/what-have-you person that I know, so I'll probably never become rich. It's just that my career isn't my #1 priority, which I think can be true of any type. My job can be "good enough," while I pursue my real passions on my own time. At least, that's the goal, we'll see if I get there :/Hahaha, now that I'm all sobered up, I don't know what to say! Anything in particular you want to know about?I really enjoyed this website telling me just how much of a dumbass it thinks I am!Bojack Horseman!Sorry, but I have absolutely no idea about recommendations for any type besides my own.

That being said, I want to recommend my two favorite movies for all ISFPs out there, **Blade Runner** (The Final Cut) and **Lost in Translation**.

I completely melt into these movies, and although they are very different they both share a beautiful soundtrack, striking visuals, and a methodical pace that lets you just sink into them. Highly recommend!I just want to take a minute to gush about The Big Short. I was not prepared for how good that movie was, given its premise. I expected it to be boring intellectual wankery (like, "Hey, look at me, I'm watching a movie about finance!"), but it was actually fascinating. Surprisingly heartfelt, too, from what I remember.I'm an ISFP, and I'm the opposite. It's not that I don't like actually talking to people, it's just that I'm extraordinarily... bad... at it. Words just don't come to my head, like at all. I'm the guy in class who never answers questions or responds in discussions, not because I don't have anything interesting to say, but by the time I've formulated my thoughts in my mind the moment has passed, or someone else has answered.

I prefer texting, even though people probably hate texting me by now, because given just a few extra moments (moments that if I stared at someone in real life or remained silent over the phone would seem insane and awkward), I am able to respond 200% better.Terrible, I can't stand those pricks.For what it's worth, I'm with you on Max for ISFP. I think that Life is Strange is the single closest example of a story that stars me as I've ever seen.I got musical. I have been noticing lately that music has always been a bigger part of my life than I thought.A hip-hop song for my fellow ISFPs (YMMV on the couple lines about God):  
[Brother Ali - My Beloved](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC-QvGEncUc)Hm, I got a 26/36 as an ISFP.

I'm generally at least alright at reading people's emotions, so I'm chalking my low score up to just being awful with the eyes :PISFP. I got Neediness, Reverence, and Shyness. Not exactly my best personality traits, but accurate all the same.ISFPs, are you guys on coke? I have no idea what you're talking about. I can't stand that shit and I have absolutely no idea why it bothers me so much lol.Yeah, great, now just write and perform an acoustic ballad about it!Okay cool fam I'll take 3./r/shittymbtiI attribute it to Fi-Ni, but I usually think about things in terms of motivational chains, if that makes sense. Whether in a movie or in real life or something, when someone does or says something, I try to think about why they (or myself) did/said that, and then dig deeper until I find some sort of emotional motivation.

Obviously, this works better for myself than with others, but I find that I can at least get in the ballpark. Some people say that sometimes actions and words truly come from nowhere, and I don't know that I believe that. I try to take it with a grain of salt with others, but I do it anyway, it's just kinda my default.

As an aside, compared to INFPs with Ne, I'm pretty garbage at interpreting poems and song lyrics and the like. If you give me the general idea of a song, for example, I can tell how each lyric relates to the theme, but I can't take all the lyrics and come up with a main idea. I guess Ni is better at connecting while Ne is better at synthesizing.Hahaha you totally got me down! Comedies especially, I always want to see if people laugh as hard as I do at the same stuff I do.

Also not gonna lie, I thought that left couch arm and the INFJ's leg was someone sleeping over the side of the couch.The effort was there but I think you meant to say 

**a e s t h e t i c**I pretty much can't argue with people, as if I'm actually upset enough to feel the need to raise my voice I'm probably also upset enough for my vocabulary and rational thinking to fly right out the window. I prefer my arguments in writing, honestly, although that never happens haha.Well fuck you too, then, pal.Fuck that lady, this type of shit makes my blood boil. Yes, perhaps ENTJs and ESTJs more traditionally "succeed," in that they probably make the most money, but that's because those types usually value hard work and perfectionism more than others. If you're not that type, you probably don't care as much about uber financial success above all else as much as others, and don't let anyone else tell you that you're a failure because of it.And apparently also the Ford Mustang lolIf I had a nickel for every time someone skipped over ISFP in a list on this sub, I'd own Trump Tower. It's okay, though, we're used to the disappointment by now. Here, I'll even do it for you:

**ISFP:** Your hair looks stupid.

There we are, that should be enough to set those hyper-sensitive fucks off.Hahaha, don't worry about it, that was just a set up for my joke. It's all good!Same here, except I'm 100% artistic.My ENTJ friend routinely asks me philosophical questions, you know, the "big" kind. He's probably sick of me responding with "who cares?" Don't get me wrong, I'm always down to wax poetic about philosophy and the world and what-not, and I usually can bring a nuanced argument, but nearly every time my initial answer is some variation of "who cares?" or "it's not too relevant."If I'm writing something, whether that be a text, essay, or code, you bet your ass I'm going to stop whatever I'm doing and settle it right then and there. It bothers me to know end to do things out of order.

However, when you talk about several whole problems put together, say a homework assignment or juggling multiple projects in school or what not, I'm perfectly fine with giving up on a portion and going back to it later. I guess if it's something I can look up, I do it, but if it's something I need to figure out, I'll push it off no problem. I don't really know what that means, but there it is.Dawg I think I could barely count 16 different people I know, let alone that many with the same type, hahaha.me too thanksI don't really drink much anymore, for a variety of reasons. Sometimes, I get super sad, and this just kind of goes on for hours if I've been drinking.

Also, you know that free-wheeling, not-giving-a-fuck attitude that ISFPs can be known for? Well, turns out alcohol turns the free-wheeling and not-giving-a-fuck up to 11, which means that I have no problem yelling at people I care about or literally just stealing because, you know, nobody will notice (they notice), and it seemed like a good idea at the time!

But when I'm not being extremely awful, I get a lot (and I mean *a lot* more outwardly emotional than usual. I will absolutely and inappropriately pour out to people, both positive and negative, and generally get really touchy-feely. I'm a real physical person in general, but when sober I know not to act like a complete assclown haha.

In any case, ISFP impulsiveness leads, surprise-surprise, to even more ISFP impulsiveness, and when screwing around with alcohol rarely ends well for me.I'm an Fi dominant, and the first thing I can think of is I like to take wild and hard stances on very insignificant things. If you try to argue politics with me I get super uncomfortable, but if you try and tell me that PB&amp;Js should be 70% peanut butter I will fight you.][\_, {()} ][_,As far as clothing goes, I wear clothes purely for the sake of looking good, not to express any part of my identity (unless it's one of a small handful of logo shirts, I guess). I do like expressing myself outwardly, but not with such in-your-face tactics like a clothing style. For example, backpack pins, laptop stickers, and posters are all ways for me to express myself, but I never felt the need to be so aggressive about it.Sometimes I like to sit on my hand, then it feels like someone else is doing it.lol, the only ISFP answer is "nothing."

To piggyback off of this comment, I'd say I really appreciate the ability to not piss people off when conversing with them. You'd think that's not a very hard thing to do, but I'd swear my ENTP friend was purposefully trying to piss his ISFP girlfriend off all the time if it wasn't so effortlessly natural. My ENTJ friend also does this to a degree, but in his case it generally is a little more purposeful.

I think being an ISFP (and I'd think INFPs too) brings about an amazing capacity for empathy. When I'm not being a socially awkward twat, I generally am pretty good about saying what I need to say how I want to say, even in disagreement situations. I like to think I have an ability to "steer" conversations to get people to think a certain way. That sounds super manipulative, now that I write it out, but what I mean is there's not a whole lot of miscommunication with me if I can get you on the same wavelength.25.

I don't know how I apparently cocked it up so terribly badly, but I like to think I'm not as bad with people as this test would suggest. Eh, whatever, I put about as much stock in it as I do online IQ tests anyway.&gt;Like I don't feel like they understand how to feel good through having something be "solved"

I don't know if this is true for all F types, so I can only speak for myself, but you're spot on when you say that I don't feel good about a problem being solved. It's not that solving problems isn't important, but it's not the end-all-be-all that some seem to think it is.

This is a completely alien concept to some of my NT (read: all of my NT) friends, but I just don't think of the world in terms of problems/solutions. For my NT friends, problems/solutions are just the basic building blocks of everyday life, but that's just not how I think about things.

Perhaps I'm beating a dead horse here, because I'm literally about to explain the difference between Fi and Ti, but I view the world as a series of, not problems and solutions, but situations and resolutions. It's a subtle, but very important difference when dealing with other people. A problem is not some concept or idea that exists disparate from those it effects, but rather it's a holistic situation that includes the problem, its causes, and its effects.

"Help me do this hard work" --&gt; "Hard work being done" may seem like the most ideal solution, but I (speaking as an Fi dominant type) don't think that's always the case. If I'm making any sense, then while that may be the most efficient way to solve the problem, it might not always be the best resolution to the situation. Are the two people on bad terms? Will the forcefulness only make the relationship worse? Would this additional work have a significant negative impact on the other person's life, for whatever reason? While the "problem" may take more time to be solved, or may be more inefficiently solved, would a display of leniency be returned at a future time? If you're a strong T type you probably don't give a shit because the problem is priority 1, regardless of if it's you or the other person suffering more because of it.

Besides, while a T type may be focusing only on the task at hand, Fi types are always receiving interpersonal cues. While a direct and forceful approach may get the task completed more quickly, an Fi type may take the command as a sign of disrespect of the person or of the person's time. I don't think it's fair to just throw your hands up and say, as many of my NT friends have expressed, "tough shit," as about half(?) of people are F types, and completely disregarding their though processes isn't good for anyone.

And *holy shit* did I ramble on from where I started. I also realize now that I strayed away from the idea of general problem solving, but I think the first half of my comment summed up my feelings on that well enough.When I'm not actively using my brain for anything, it's usually me imagining myself in different situations. What would I do differently in that TV show moment? What would I say if I came across someone I used to hate? How are my day to day interactions going to go with my new group of roommates? What would this person I'm angry with have to say in order for me to get violent?

So yeah, it's usually self-centered but in a way that's totally boring to everyone else! Uh... We likely won't piss you off?For me, it depends on what you roll into small talk. Talking about a class assignment with a stranger or waxing poetic with the barber I'll never see again isn't exactly my cup of tea, but with friends or even casual acquaintances I absolutely do care about hearing of their day or whatever bullshit they want to talk about.

A lot of the time I'll offer something up to my conversation partner(s) for absolutely no reason at all, and honestly anything they'd like to say about it is good enough conversation for me. Maybe it's a joke, and I laugh. Maybe they'll say something I haven't thought of before or look at a situation in a new light. Sometimes it's just simple affirmation if I complain about something and call me narcissistic but people empathizing with me makes me feel good.

People who either know me well or are simply genuine people I find will pick up on this and know that they can literally bounce off in any tangential direction to what I said, but people who aren't on the same wavelength as I am can sometimes stare at me (or if you're my sister, will actually say "why the hell did you tell me that?"). In return I can often steer small conversations in weird directions, and with strangers or distant friends this can often be off-putting or seen as awkward. I'm not the best at social versatility.

Point being, who knows who cares? A conversation doesn't have to be \#deep for me to get value out of it. People have a way of expressing themselves even in the most innocuous of circumstances. I often care more about how a person choosing to express themselves than what exactly they always have to say.

Of course, if you really did just mean small talk as in short, awkward conversations in random places with strangers about nothing at all, then everything I just wrote is absolutely meaningless. I normally just sound agreeable and not contribute anything to the conversation until it dies out. It's not the most pleasant experience.I'm the same way as you (although I generally do have hard stances on topics) in that I also don't feel the need to be 100% authentic™ in order to more easily smooth things over with people. I never made the enneagram connection, but that seems reasonable to me.

I don't know how much anyone here is into rap music, but Brother Ali came out with a new album this month, and the beginning of one of his songs, [It Ain't Easy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxUOulzDWF4) talks about this exact sentiment. I relate to it so much.

&gt;I want it all real, nothing fake please  
I don't want to wonder what your handshake means  
I don't need to say everything I think I must  
My ego's trying to ruin everything I touch  
What I mean though or what my point is  
That you're much more important than my point is  
If I win an argument and lose your heart, Lord  
Hit the bullseye on the wrong dart boardISFP: I have a clear motive for everything I do, but hell if I'm going to share it with anybody. *~Bonus Sentence~* I'm going to quietly do my own thing, it's going to appear like irrational nonsense, and unless you ask I'm not going to go out of my way to provide an explanation.Most of these are pretty reasonable wants, but I'm sitting here laughing at "firm understanding of economic basics." Like, I get what you mean, but I'm imagining the breakup between you and this person because they couldn't tell you the consumer surplus on a supply and demand graph and its pretty hilarious.One of the biggest giveaways for me is that I don't really have any intuition, and I mean in the traditional definition of the word. Things are generally very rigid in my mind, because according to Se I take in things for how they are, or more importantly for I perceive then to be.

I suck at pattern recognition and I'm also shit at figuring things out, because if I don't have a clue how something works I'm not very liable to come up with ideas out of thin air. Just today at work I stripped about 6 plastic screws out of a shelf before I realized that they unscrew from the bottom, because in my mind they had exactly the same function as the other shelf pegs that you *do* pull straight out, and because my Se took in that definition I broke 6 of them in a row before even attempting to repurpose the object in my mind.

That makes me sound like I'm a total airhead because I have aux Se instead of Ne, and while that's true to a certain extent, there are times when Se works to your advantage. I'm very observant (albeit inconsistently), and specifically for ISFP my Se is very good at reading other people's emotions. I see an expression or hear a tone of voice and I can connect it to an emotion others may not perceive.

I think you're trying to connect aux Se or Ne to specific actions, as you said exercising, going out, etc., but that's not how those functions manifest. I'm an ISFP, and I'm much better at writing lyrics than making music, but actions and processes aren't directly linked like that.

I don't know, this was a lot of words, and I'm not sure how much of it was useful. Oh well, I hope there was at least something of value here :pYou're right, thanks for laying all that out. I think I wrote way too much for what I was trying to say and ended up with a lot of misconceptions along the way.

Specifically I was trying to challenge his conception that Se is a "handyman" function by providing an example of how that might not be true and why, using myself as the example.

Looking back on my post I see that it has lots of stereotypes because it seems like I'm using myself as a universal model while also providing wrong psychoanalysis to booy. I think my real point is buried at the bottom, that functions shouldn't be tied to actions, as that results in stereotyping whatever way you try to justify it.Unexpected Homestar!I mean, it's a huge stereotype but yeah, ISFPs are most known for that.I'd think so. I have this theory that Fi users like to process the world as sort of a system of motivations. Kind of like little children asking "why?" over and over again ad nauseum, except in our case the path we go down is motivational, not mechanical. Like, if someone asks, "why did the janitor mop the floor twice?", it's the difference between saying "because the floor will be more clean" vs "because he doesn't want to get fired."

So, personally, when things happen that might not strictly have a personal motivation, searching for one can either have me coming up with some serous bullshit, or the kind of self-pitying you describe. It sucks.xNTPs, definitely. I've heard, even on this sub, that we might as well be aliens to each other.We can be Ti doms too if we just all believe in ourselves!ISFP here, and this is gonna sound super-duper stereotypical, but I find that I approach games more from an artistic standpoint than a purely mechanical one. I had this conversation with a friend (ISTP or INTP, I'm not sure), and we could not have been more different.

I think his biggest hangups with my preferences are:

1) I told him that I don't necessarily have to have *fun* when playing a video game, and this rubs a ton of people the wrong way. You don't always have *fun* watching a movie (if you had fun watching Schindler's List you're a monster), so why should video games be relegated to some sort of skinner-box style entertainment distraction? I think there's a lot to be gained out of a video game than simply having fun.

2) I said that I don't play video games for the satisfaction of accomplishment. He loves strategy games and competitive online games, which are two genres I couldn't really care less about. I don't play games to overcome a challenge, I play them to have an experience.

With that in mind, I tend to gravitate toward adventure games (no other genre has the capability to be as atmospheric in my mind), RPGs (either inhabiting a character or exploring a well-designed worldspace), and shooters (think BioShock and Uncharted, not ARMA and Gears).

Also I hate rougelikes and first person craft-em-ups with a burning passion. That doesn't have any real relevance, but I just wanted to put that out there.We seem to be in the minority of people who still love point and click adventure games. If it wasn't for Wadjet Eye I'd be a very sad camper.I find that ISFPs like myself behave very, very similarly to ESFPs and such, but

a) We're much less willing to behave like that in front of anybody and everybody  
b) I think we're more prone to over-analyzing any and all of those interactionsI was going to say that I wanted one with Fi-Se and Se-Fi, but then I realized some jackass would just take this one and put hearts on it.That sounds more like Fi and Se than Ni and Te to me.I wrote a comment here once over the summer saying how I mistook some plastic thumbscrews at work for some pull-up screws that were way more common and ended up breaking a small handful of them. A couple of people replied to me saying how they thought that story was enough to deem me unintelligent as a person. They got pretty heavily down voted for it, so it's not like everyone thought that was true, but I can't help but wonder if that same story would have gotten those comments if my flair said INTP instead.Everyone is equal, but some are more equal than others!lol yeah I feel like nobody is ever unsure whether they're an ISFP.I got excited for a second because I thought the ESFP one was the ISFP one, as I write my cursive f's that exact same way and everyone thinks I'm crazy.It's the simplest thing to me, the boxes idea. It works because MBTI is *descriptive*, not *prescriptive*. You can take some personality traits and say that a person can be described by a type, but you can't take a type and say that a person has so and so personality traits.

Its the sole reason why astrology is bullshit but MBTI doesn't have to be.ISFPs are all visual or musical artists. Like damn I can't draw, paint, or graphic design for shit, and I might be able to do the opening riff of Smoke on the Water if you give me a week of intense study on a guitar. Yet everyone always talks about ISFPs as wonderful artists, to the point where mostly that's all people have in their mind. I blame 16personalities and their painter girl picture.

If anything I do more writing, which is normally associated with INFPs. Though I will admit my gaming YouTube channel screams ISFP lol.More specifically, how a person's intuitive and thinking functions affect it. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBkQAxt1JXA) is a quick primer on the concept behind Common Core, but basically the idea is that it tries to promote understanding of number theory when learning math algorithms. It wants to teach children why they're doing what they're doing as they're doing it.

[This little exchange in the comments](https://i.imgur.com/YpfbQku.png) got me thinking a lot about how effective this is for individuals. Personally, I'm with the first commenter, in that I learn much better by breaking down the end result than I do by building up from pieces. This came up a lot in my computer science courses. When learning how to make a list from scratch (and I'm about to get into a little CS jargon here, my apologies), my professor started by introducing the concept of a node, then separately talked about pointers, then inserting indexes. Then at the end he was all like "doesn't this look familiar, we've built an array!" and I'm all like "Why didn't you tell me we were doing that 45 minutes ago, dick, I was confused the whole time why we were doing this!"

I noticed that's the style a lot of people are gravitating for when teaching and learning. Build up to an "aha" moment where it all makes sense. Perhaps that's why they say ISFPs aren't supposed to go to school for CS and whatnot haha. Again with math, rounding up and splitting problems in half, then subtracting and adding stuff doesn't really make sense to me unless I know why I'm supposed to be doing it.

My first thought is intuitive functions. What that second commenter said, about being taught the logic and then seeing possibilities, that screams Ne to me. It also quietly whispers Ti, but that one's less solid a connection to me. As an ISFP, I have Ni and Te at the end of my stack, so that kind of learning process is completely foreign to me. Also perhaps because of secondary Se, I like to be able to do things, and I don't necessarily care about the building blocks until I know that I can complete the task (and according to /r/mbti at times, primary Fi means I should go back to thinking about the emotions of squirrels and making interpretive dances lol). I recognize the value of knowing why subtraction works, but I care more about being able to subtract without getting confused first.

As a primarily intuitive group on this sub, I imagine that a lot of people would gravitate toward the second commenter's perspective, but do you think that we should be forcing everyone to learn like that? Do cognitive functions even have anything to do with it in the way I've described? This has been wracking around in my brain for the last hour, so let me know what you think!lol everyone talks about moral values and shit but "fuck these guys" would probably be all my Fi needs to go full-on war crimes on some motherfuckers.Ha, I relate to this so much. In the heat of the "being perpetually self-conscious" moment, I don't even recognize that I should be angry about something until well after the appropriate time to react. Then I'm like, "wait, *what* did that motherfucker say to me?!" It's terrible.I never really noticed it, but I do the same thing re:verifying a rule or formula. It's almost like it's a novelty every time, like "whoa, this really does work for everything!"

&gt; This applied to math in like 8th or 9th grade too, if log base 3 of 9  equals 2 and log base 2 of 4 also equals two, then it's just whatever it  is to the power of to equal the other side. 

This is the kind of thing I have trouble with. If you told me log3 of 9 is 2 and log2 of 4 is also 2, then said what's the conclusion, I would just kind of sit there like "uh...." Not that I would always be stumped in cases like these, but for me, as not a particularly intuitive type (and not extroverted intuitive at that), I run into a sort of "I don't know what I don't know" type problem.

My strong suit is not logical synthesis (which is also the reason I didn't continue to be a programmer, go figure). Pattern recognition is not always my strong suit, and I'm a lot better at it with human behavior rather than logical ideas. I think as an ISFP, my strong suit is connecting the dots to solve a problem, granted I know what those dots are. I have a limitless capacity to understand all the tools at my disposal and the relationships between them, but I'm not always the best at things that are outside of my known domain, if that makes sense. It's a different type of intelligence, which is why I was curious about different learning styles.

ENTP is about as far away from my type as possible, which is why I'm not surprised you responded the way you did. It's a really neat ability that I don't really have, so it's really impressive to see it in action (as long as the person isn't an ass and criticizes me for not having the same ability).The SJs just got ***STEREOTYPE'D!***
