It's a chance to be my true self in what 24 hours give.

It helps me rid of any residual feelings for the day, besides I like the feeling of autonomy and zen-ness.Hi! Thanks for the insight, think the perspective on "trust" you've provided can be a much-needed rationalisation for folks like me ("trust" as a honed skill &amp; function). Always felt the need to justify the different aspects of life and be accountable to myself, be it visible to others or not. :/ Appreciate the honesty you're approaching this from: "Not sure why this type likes to torment itself on that" - had me in a little chuckle at how we manage to confuse ourselves sometimes :D it's like an endless loop hahah. 

Now the thing is trusting itself. I've never remotely known how to "trust" and let loose, it's always "perceive first, act later". In and out of every place it's how I've learned to live 20 years of life, though I'm aware it's a conscious choice which I've grown to regret. Both my parents' own personal developments, from what I've learned, bear this as a similarity. Momma always was the silent observer yielding to others at every place, conditioned to supress herself to preserve the now. Dad was a responsible, duty-driven person in and out of home and was a connoisseur of his own very private interests. Outside of family I've picked up this more than I'd like, could be a case of hedgehog's dillema and that I've grown too accustomed to viewing the world through my own romanticised or distanced lens.

This trust thing carries over to the point of overriding, let's say, my body language. As you've surmised, there's only so much one can control (so we ought to accept that c'est la vie, which is something that's been sorely missing in me), like it or not this gives rise to certain revealing "tells". Long, purposeful strides but I thread lightly, not committing to any particular decision of the moment, "I'll gather more information then decide". Shoulders and back locked in place, always maintaining against an ever-present contingency. In response, body almost "snaps" to attention (in the presence of others). Often get remarked that I walk composed &amp; guarded like a patrolling soldier lul, largely unnatural. Needless to say it's been affecting my quality of life (oh snap, at some points of life we need others to get by?!) Don't expect you to relate to this realisation but I'm not sure if it helps you to understand where I'm coming from, cos I don't think I even know myself atm.

Perhaps this is more representative than going into my life again which'd turn into yet another headless ramble (I almost never talk about myself and when I do, it turns into a mess like what I'm doing rn lol. Ugh). You've confirmed what I've to do (in essence, to accept one's realm of control and smell the roses), so how do I go about.. doing it? In one's day-to-day doings that is. I remain so guarded against others and my innermost self that I'm not sure how should I live this life as a functional human being who's capable of experiencing, relating, living. My previous supervisor once pointed out that I gotta chill and find things that I like (not a problem) and let loose upon (more than I'd like to admit, a problem). Closest thing I've had to this is meditation and working out but clearly it hasn't been enough for me to come to terms with myself.

Funnily enough I don't hate impersonal communication (out of necessity or "convenience"). At times, I find myself enjoying it more than interactions with known "friends" (which comes as a surprise to me - so I do enjoy meeting new people!) - surmises my interpersonal life right there.

Sorry to have you sit through another wall of text, guess this is how disoriented I am with the state of life atm.True enough I often opt to give in than wrestle for control. The direction thing was a permanent struggle (infact I don't feel I studied for smth I was truly interested in, decision to was made out of necessity and uncertainty). But I'm looking to learn how to "function" again one thing at a time, starting from my relationships w others which is a part of living I've missed out on for years. Am stranded atm (gotta get some moolah for upcoming uni and whatever shizz that may come by) and wanted to catch up on something I've been missing out on in life.

Agree with the agenda of purpose though, it's something I've been consciously thinking about. I just feel I need to learn how to "live" again, one piece at a time.Welp. Hello there..

The feeling of not particularly "belonging" any place, any time, in the now?

&gt; This is typical perceiving function first perception. I know ENXPs feel it quite a lot, must be worse for introverts.

As mentioned by akai_n, guess it's a commonality for some of us. Saying this without too much thought, so take it with a grain of salt: one could either learn to better live in the present (amongst and away from people), or learn to live with it. Guess I've to learn to do the former better.

I imagine these feelings could be worse if you're the odd Asian (don't know if you are), sorry to hear if that's the case. Regardless it's up to us to take the wheels, so take some joy in that. In the knowledge that it's up to us to roll the dice :)Had a doting mom who spared no time &amp; affection. Not faulting her, what she didn't see was me being an emotionally distant person from young. Think I felt 'emotionally cornered' back then and would prefer to spend time with a more stoic and reserved dad. Factor in less than optimal networking in high school and diploma studies resulted in the rather taciturn person I am today. Am ok at socialising though, only if I want to (I can be quite selective of people and demanding of myself). I'm almost unable to open up eg. even to a close friend of 5 years or more, and I've never let anyone know of my back story. My life's pretty segmented, think it's my preference for order and control, and keeping interpersonal distance.

A recent new friend made me realise how outgoing and trying a person had to be in getting me to be completely comfortable and basically much less guarded (Besides giving me ideas of what I might want to look out for in an SO). She's 4-5 years older and from another country, so out of question haha. The walls people took months to tear down, she's scored under a month. Constantly surprises me too (in good ways) which not many people manage to do. Feel you. Was like this at one point of time, except that it was due to mistrust rather than shyness. The complimenting a stranger part isn't characteristic of me though!Nice! Think you nailed the high stack Te pretty well. 👌

I can see the Fi happening as well (otherwise the internal struggle, ugh).20/M Asian here. Most of the time it's dark blue/black straight-cut jeans with different training/running shoes, top varies with the day's color-pairing/'mood', it's mostly plain tees or those with abstract yet simple designs. I've never really bought into the whole brand thing apart from a small number of penchants eg. I really love NB's shoes and Adidas black matte caps (For some reason, I just think the logo looks darn good with the stripes, lol).

The jeans are because I've stockier legs and because the weather's mostly humid here (the chinos are my reserve stock, heh). Occasionally I'll throw a hoodie/long sleeve top if I want/need to dress up.

My outfit tends to be simple and comfortable and above all, I've to feel comfortable wearing it from both social and practical standpoints. Also, I'm quite averse to certain color tones and whack designs.Lmao this is top kekOn the topic, what would you say are some giveaways/tells of Fi-Te vs Fe-Ti that's observable in your/their day-to-day activities?Doing x when y, like going for a run when you need to clear your mind? It's like conditioned responses or "ritualistic" behaviours to lend a sense of comfort or stability. Consulting what's familiar to feel more grounded, informed, or prepared, then moving forward. Yeah morning coffee's pretty much is my Si at work I guess.Whereas I just wish I didn't have to plan my spontaneity if I wanted to bring my game to the table T.T Child: quiet, serious, focused, could spend the day reading and doing up lego &amp; model kits. Still remember bits and pieces of what I read if I found them particularly useful eg. I was reading stuff on alternative medicine and nutrition at about 14 wtf

Teen: expressive turned avoidant because I realised it was too much Fe for my own good; I would sway too easily + somewhat goofy/awkward, could easily switch between fun and serious moods, Si was unhealthy to the point I was sometimes inconsiderate and prideful. Not attuned to the physical, rather anxious, certain experiences lowered my self-esteem.

Adult (idk let's count it as 2016-present): still somewhat avoidant, much higher self-awareness which led to significantly better self-restraint; more social and physical awareness (still have to work on emoting), would say I'm no longer anxious but I still have days where I feel nothing goes well for me and it's too easy to cut myself off from the world. Recognition of need for introversion; I spend time with myself not just with my pursuits but also to actively reflect and pursue self-improvement, selective of who I'd like to spend time with, better management and control of my energy levels. I've now managed to disguise myself as extroverted (at my own will) which is useful sometimes. Yay! Innately still serious mostly but I'd like to be more assertive and carefree (need dat enfp spark). Needing to be assertive eg. at work still uses a lot of my mental energy - I prefer to keep things light and agreeable. Also working on  my confidence.

ISFJ 20 MI'm ISFJ. I love reading, working out, contemplating about how x works, how could y have been done better, etc. I love both being alone and having fun with others. In a group I'm pretty open to doing stuff differently if it doesn't intimidate me upfront.

I've clocked &gt;5k hours on different PC FPS games since young, no longer active in gaming. Kind of like sudoku and chess too.ISFJ non-vegetarian in a vegetarian household (ye we Asian). 90% of the time vegetarian at home cos I respect my fam's wishes, they do it for health and ethical reasons. Whereas I personally choose not to outside cos I believe in eating towards one's personal goals (i.e. health reasons, helps me at the gym). That, plus practical reasons such as when eating out with others (re: it would cost me in terms of social opportunities, and I love my sashimi and Korean). I'm also less inclined to think one less meat-eater would make that much of a difference in terms of carbon footprint, etc - I don't argue with the statistics, but I believe in it being a matter of personal choice and (personally) don't really buy into the whole collective effort thing.

I still love my vegs tho. 10/10 would have three servings of brocollis in a sitting.Outgoing, or triggered by the morality grounds presented (Fi at work - ISTJ)? His choice to work from within the system would seem more ISFJ than ESFJ though.Got it but I was highly skewed towards ISFJ anyway (48% vs closest next at 18%), so I doubt it helped significantly apart from the lower rankings.Lay low, formulate scenarios and plan accordingly, scouting out potential allies I feel might be trustworthy. By scout I mean staying hidden and having enough observations to help determine if the person's trustworthy and valuable. I would have my own contingency plan to fall back upon or at least be mentally prepared for.

Probably wouldn't be part of a large survivor group because every person would likely act for themselves than for a group (I would foresee clashes between or within these groups). Survival and recon are the priorities, until something actionable enough is found.Yea unless I feel it's necessary.[John O'Callaghan - Find Yourself] (https://youtu.be/t2lav8rqK4Y) - cue *the prize before me, the world behind me*

A couple of OSTs and k-indie such as [this] (https://youtu.be/n6HNkgiaybk) - sometimes, I just find them so soothing or mesmerising, the way the song speaks to you.

[Chet Faker] ( https://youtu.be/uPy5igZJnVw), [Daughter] (https://youtu.be/2QT5eGHCJdE), [Birdy] (https://youtu.be/WJTXDCh2YiA), can't exactly put a finger on dem feelz but I love songs like these.

Always listened to songs from Linkin Park's *Hybrid Theory/Meteorite* era. Anberlin, Breaking Benjamin, Muse, etc..

A handful of mainstream EDM songs - think Calvin Harris, Ellie Goulding, MØ.

And [this] (https://youtu.be/8N-qO3sPMjc) is just so nostalgic.

Music's kind of a private affair to me, haha.I'd (ISFJ) probably not take someone hostage - *smth smth morality dissonance*; if I were an assailant, I'd be more likely to work from behind the scenes anyway. 10/10 would camouflage if routes have been sealed off.

Disguising as hostage is a real thing btw, i.e. Kenyan Westgate Mall incident. So I guess assailant turned hostage? *shrugs* :/ Else I'd be stuck as the hostage :'DYes I really love it! Thanks for sharing~ 😆

Ps: the one by Shura's really captivatingLol yeah, wasn't sure what to make of it tbhgr8 banter m8As a rather introverted ISFJ, the process of using the function has mostly been unconscious when I was younger. Till now, the unwillingness of threading on supposed harmony in one-on-one or group settings still remains. While I've an inner longing to be open and transparent, as I aged, I've also acknowledged that I'm not developed enough for such a mode of communication. So this evolves into a conscious choice, with Ti rationalisation at play. I may not like it, but I've acknowledged that these are my current limitations, and there's a practical need to tap into what I have.

Through conscious practice and reading related books, I've managed to "camouflage" myself as a somewhat extroverted person if you may. I've visualised myself as donning multiple selves, which is only apparent if I've exhausted myself, or if I've allowed another side of myself to be apparent. This includes my family though I typically have very little energy left at home. Alone or with others, I've a need to be outside most of the time.

As much as I like to have days to myself, I've also acknowledged or rationalised that Fe is a necessity to continue to function interpersonally. And thus, the catch-22 continues in this isfj *pls sand halp* ;-; It has mostly been an acceptance of my own Fe I think.

Sorry if I've not been too coherent, not good with this self-analysis as an example thing.Not being able to communicate the way I'd desire to and the feeling of not having anything to stand on; the latter for both my physical reality and self-identity. Incidentally, I'm an Enneagram 6 with 5w. This leads to a need for control over my own life (ISFJ).I think Keys2cognition is rather accurate.Lifting weights, running, mostly done alone but I'm cool if it's done in groups. Also tried out aikido and calisthenics before. I love pistol squats in particular but a preexisting injury made me gave it and aikido up (can't pistol on one of my legs, knee issue). I always liked the bread and butter basics, so I decided lifting weights and weighted pullups/dips were more for me 😄 (ISFJ)

I like to exercise in a calm meditative state when alone but a little competition doesn't hurt once in a while. Reddit cos text &gt; visuals? 🤔My tabs are like bookmarks, so &gt;10 at any given timePretty introverted ISTJ here who doesn't post anything on Insta, not even stories. No Twitter, Snapchat, etc. I scroll Insta for the lulz, and use Facebook for convenient news and sharing da memes.

My Facebook profile has been self-reviewed (and censored) across its &gt;5 years of content.ISTJ - a tendency towards self-hatred and I remain quite emotionally distant from others :'DAhah, I can relate. Turns out I can make acquaintances somewhat easily when there's a group, but friends take waaay longer.Goal setting - maybe a "checkpoint" approach could work for you.A little background, I learned how to live the way I do now from young amongst family, friends, at school. Family had little say or "power" so among my extended family I was always that little kid in the corner watching the flow of the party, just watching, not belonging, never trusting. When the chance arose, like the good ol' introvert I am, I'd be happy to wander off to do my own thing.

Asian household, relatively intact, doting mom and a dad who was loving in his own way (the archetypical family man guy), just that I never felt truly connected to either parent for me to feel the trust. I'm grateful to both of them for what they've taught and given me, and I hold no resentment for them (if there's any residual ill feeling it'd be regret for the course of life I've chosen, which I will elaborate later).

Outside, at school or among friends, I lived my life the same way, always viewing the world through the third person, never felt I truly belonged to any cliques or communities I'd associated myself with. Made conscious efforts to get to know different schoolmates in high school but I was never socially adept enough, so I found myself retreating back to the "third-person" stance again. Would hang out and do stuff with the same few small group of friends (who I don't keep in touch already, in retrospect I think it was like I kept my friends as friends of convenience). A few could have went on to be great friendships but I don't think I understood the need to reciprocate back then. In my final year of high school, my dad suddenly passed away and I didn't have a straight-up emotional reaction back then (hell I was holding back tears at his wake). After perhaps one month, I stopped feeling the loss on a day-to-day level (year was a blur, can't ascertain for sure) and was able to focus again.

In my tertiary education it got only worse, honestly I didn't have a single person I'd call a friend on campus. Yes there were people I felt I could enjoy being accompanied with (again, friends of convenience) but there wasn't much to get involved in with them outside of school; if I chose to hangout I'd 90% of the time keep my "distance" tbh, again maintaining the third person position, the glass holder at a party table. I recall this as the time being the most introverted - &gt;90% introverted according to.. 16personalities I think? Tested as INTJ for the entirety of my 3 years' tertiary education. Lecturers and peers always described me as quiet, diligent, qualities of that sort, but nothing to really paint a descriptive picture. Was the stereotypical research/writing guy so my approach tended to be the go-to "veto" person (been out of touch w words for so long, tryna hard to describe) and I'd pay my due and wherever I didn't trust my project mates (intact for one project, I did 90, if not 100% of the writing &amp; editing for a 100+ page marketing proposal I think). To end my tertiary life I almost flunked intern because of an outstanding project dateline - couldn't go about my jobscope… completely unrelated to what I studied. Not that I blame this, being on better terms with my then-colleagues wouldn't have hurt either. Left my intern officer and personal lecturer really disappointed, no one, even myself, could imagine how did I manage to screw myself over.

On what I've done outside school: worked odd part-time jobs after high school and throughout tertiary (all F&amp;B besides one retail and one IT job), I'd work after lesson or whenever my schedule could accommodate, so I guess this rules out frequently meeting/interacting w new people as the problem (well it's F&amp;B). Things i've been doing from high school till now, outside of school: part-time work, reading (mostly non-fiction), video games (FPS), working out… nothing much tbh, was gaming more than i liked in high school (where time was aplenty), though i snapped out of it shortly. Not much which relates to a typical student or.. girls i think kek. Rip. Just thankful I didn't decide to experiment heavily with alcohol, or I'd probably be addicted lol (too easy to turn to at low points in life, perhaps). Whatever I've done, I've kept under control. All enjoyment in moderation.

What made me write this much-needed brainfart of a post: the fact that i've lost trajectory in life recently, have been working at the same place for close to half a year and &gt;50-hour weeks have left next to no life for me, and it's only to make bank for my next few years. Normally I'd be fine w it (be calmly working on the to-do list a la INTJ style) but this period has made me realise my lack of closeness to people in general (colleagues, losing touch w old friends, etc) and that I want a change, which makes for this 'oh fak' moment. Plus the fact that I've fallen out of habit more than I'd like to (haven't written or read much post-tertiary, just work, work and braindead work) and having lesser energy/motivation. For the first time in life I hate to get out of bed every morning (cos of the feeling that RIP the past few years' life), never had that problem till recently. This hasn't stopped me from getting my workouts though so that's one ritual/hobby i've managed to leave intact - probably because working out is the closest it gets to being myself (typically workout at night alone), intact I find myself enjoying and appreciating it more in this period of time.

Also, i understand a key problem is i'm unable to trust (even my family), so how do i go about.. making friends lol. No problems on a superficial level (e.g. small talk) so long as my energy levels aren't depleted yet but deep down i find that i'm unable to trust &amp; be vulnerable, which is fundamental to any meaningful relationship.

tl;dr - I'm not sure what to do? Took about a week for me to decide I need to pen this and even then it's a jumbled mess after 1 hour of typing (as you can see, it's like a headless chicken wrote it). halp lol.

Brb, shall hit the sack first.As title states, based on your experiences and observations, how do different types go about making friends/connections and then maintain them? And where do they usually fall short in doing so?So I revisited [this] (http://www.neojungianacademy.org/the-heros-journey) site and was pleasantly surprised to find there were some new tests, such as one's Hero Type. The test also proposed one's type in an ideal vs stressed or negative state (?) *am say im is one confused isfj*

Any idea on the accuracy of the proposed Hero's Journey segment and how it correlates to type and function development? :/

Hope this post isn't as kek as my reddit username lulLmao the ISTJ is spot on.

Sometimes I can see my friends' "doze off" expression when I start off with that.
As an ISTJ, I've been told I speak for robotically / monotone a lot of the time.  However, I have had people suggested that I was being rude towards them before when I was in fact not trying to.  Some people say I can be "sassy" sometimes, but I think that is just due to my inherent bluntness.ISTJ

Band - TOOL

Genre - Metal

Sub-genre - Black MetalI do it particularly when I'm feeling down.  I sometimes get that nostalgia flowing and then I feel more down.No.Yeah, I sometimes choose not to fill people in on things or not tell the full truth if it's really unimportant.  

If it's something that really won't come up again and they don't really need to know about, than I will omit it for sake of time and interaction.&gt; How do you communicate? 

I don't.

Seriously though, the best "conversations" are ones that get to the point.  Someone has a goal or problem and it is to be solved.

I never ask people about their day, and if you asked me about mine I would just reply "fine."  Bluntly, I don't care about your day and your question is not specific enough for me to warrant an answer.

If you asked me what I thought about death, I would probably be interested.  However, I would need to be comfortable with someone before talking on more abstract terms.  
But, I do like talking about less structured, less specific things if it is something I am interested in....sometimes.

ISTJ

Don't really careIt's just black.  Same with my home screen.Holy shit, you're old.No, but 19 * 18 * 17 * 16 * 15 * 14 * 13 * 12 * 11* 10 * 9 * 8 * 7 * 6 * 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 is.Right on.  Cheers.ISTJ here - hate risks 
I really agree with that!

This explanation makes much more sense than "shadow functions come under extreme stress", kinda like becoming a bad version of your shadow opposite like I used to read.

I just don't get how I could go from ISTJ to a bad ESTP under stress, there's not way I'm becoming Se-dom under stress. Besides, this is what the inferior function is for.I can tell you that my 7th function is Fe and during my college years, pro-human rights liberals used to piss me off for absolutely no reason.

Not anymore though, I guess this is growing up. I'm even dating a Fe-dom who went to a liberal arts university. Her love for harmony and equality is thing I really love about her.

But having to use Fe myself for decisions really feels weird.Yeah I think you're right.

Also I began to be in favor of equality after hearing her point of view, but kinda because I think it justs makes sense. I'm gonna quote peppermint here:

"Te/Fi makes judgments based on what is socially considered logical and personally considered valuable"I've learned about it a few years ago, while studying in teaching. I just remembered the ISTJ term and its characteristics. I thought it was pretty cool but I moved along.

Last october I began dating my current girlfriend (ESFJ) who knew about Thought Catalog, so the MBTI subject came on. We looked at stuff on the website for fun, like "what does every type do at a party" and getting to know each other.

For the last few months I've been reading a lot about MBTI. I like to know how functions work together, how we can improve the tertiary, inferior and shadow functions. I like the "what does every type do in a situation" kind of article because when you know about your friends and parents' types it is accurate 95% of the time. I actually talked about it at work and I managed to guess two of my coworkers' types.I know one INTJ at work. Super reliable, hard worker, smart, great knowledge.

However, his general knowledge often expands to obsure yet SFW stuff. We talk in group and he's gonna end up with a "funny" story or Youtube video and most of the time other coworkers and I end up with courtesy smiles. We made jokes about him being robotic with one voice tone and no facial expressions.

Still a good guy but yeah he's labeled as odd.Definitely, that's also what people would say about me.

I just went with the reasons why he's labeled as awkward after that.

Edit: hahaha I get it, I thought you meant that TJs are usually described that way, but I realize that what you meant is that was really TJ of me to describe realiability, hard work, being smart and knowledgeable as pros.&gt;they can seem a lot robotic and straight toned / straight faced than the other types.

I agree, I've been told I have a good deadpan humor style too.
There's not really people I hate, but there is a lot of people that I just don't want to interact with.

Factors would be: disrespect, unreliability, shit show at work, gossip or complaints only, no place for smart discussions and way different common interests.

I'll never be mean to coworkers or neighbours, unless of course something drastic happens, which I doubt anyway.

There is a lot of people at work where I try to avoid contact because they fall within my no-interact factors. I'm just not good with small talk (we can even say I don't like small talk), even worse with someone I don't see a point of interacting, even if I try. I prefer avoiding than faking.He kinda is.

-He looks shocked because the yelling guy finds him incompetent.

-He says he did buy a turkey (the other guy even says it's a good one).

-He says it was a joke (looks like a deadpan joke) 

-He tells that it wasn't very Christmassy of the other guy to yell at him (going against traditions).I don't get it.

In your first link it says that Fe is a suggestive function for IXTJs, but the suggestive function should be the 5th one, so shouldn't it be Se?&gt;for an SLI, for example, it goes SiTe, FeNi, FiNe, SeTi in socionics where in the MBTI 8 function model it goes SiTeFiNe SeTiFeNi for an ISTJ

That's where I got confused.

So in your link, should I read Fe as vulverable or suggestive function still? Or ignoring function since it would be the 7th?
Gotcha. Thanks for clarification!

*edit* Also I just read somewhere that introvert types are reversed in socionics, as J/P tells which function is dominant, opposed to which one is extraverted.

So I should read about ISTp instead of ISTj so, as you indeed said, SLI.I take coffee out of habit  (and taste) but I don't think it has a significant effect on me.

I've been told I'm friendly and fun when I got a few drinks. It's not that I'm not friendly when sober, it just that I actually want to interact more when I drink.First thing I can think of is tomatoes.
I love ketchup, spaghetti sauce, salsa, etc.
But I just can't eat tomatoes like that (or cherry tomatoes for that matter) just because of that gooey texture.

I don't like to eat chicken and mushrooms mixed either because I'm always wondering if it's a mushroom or a bad chicken part when I chew.

I've been years without eating specific things because I found something in my food that I didn't like or disgusted me when I was a kid (something silly like a bigger bay leaf in spaghetti sauce or some fat in cheap ham), only to eat it again at adulthood and enjoy it.Again, both descriptions are accurate but I'd go more on your ESFJ definition.

Yes she is looking to improve the world, but more on a trying to change people's minds way, or pro-acceptance attitude. Not necessarily on being into revolutionary stuff. She mostly wants to make a difference for people she's interacting with, be it family, friends, students, etc.

She's kind of a perfectionist but doesn't take big risks.

She's adventurous to a certain extent, I meant she's always willing to try new low-key stuff.

She's indeed hyper practical.

She's truly ambitious but her goals are realistic.

She doesn't like change and can get anxious with the unknown. She also gets pissed when people change their plans or doesn't respect a timing.

The reason she studied sociology is because she needed a major before getting a bachelor degree in teaching, which was her true goal. She had good grades in every subject but chose sociology.

That's why I'm saying I can't find it out hahaha!

Thanks for your time though!That would make sense.

She likes to try new stuff with me (well-developped Ne). Being Ne-inf, I'm more reluctant, but when we get going we just get good memories about it and we like to recall those moments (taking pictures, making inside jokes, cheesy stuff like that hehe)

The way you describe the mental process makes me think she'd be indeed an ESFJ.

And being a Si-dom dating an Si-aux would explain why we love to remember those moments so much. We actually have a few select songs that mean a lot to us because that's what we were listening to when we began dating.

Thanks for your time!&gt;Si: Impossible to communicate. People like this exist and it's scientific term is autism.

watThere is a lot of ways to communicate Si:

You show pics of a past event that means a lot to you or you can tell anecdotes or experiences.

Muscle memory can be way of showing Si too. It shows a tried and true method that has been done over and over.&gt;For instance, IxTJ's have this "Meh, people are stupid and I'll never get them" attitude because of their PoLR function Fe.

I can confirm this is true for me. I'm almost 30 and I'm trying to improve Fi, but Fe is a thing I just don't naturally think about.I'll be stereotypical and say I have to work on Ne.

I'd like to be open to suggestions and try new things, without necessarily going to skydive tomorrow.

What's I'm saying is I need to stop planning everything and I should just play it by ear sometimes.I see INFJs here talking about ISTJs.

I agree. Not only we have opposite stacking, I/E is also reversed.

It's Si-Te-Fi-Ne vs Ni-Fe-Ti-Se.

One of my best friends is INFJ and we keep joking about how we're so mysterious to each other.

Edit: Logically everyone's answer should have the same I/E and J/P with opposites S/N and T/FWell I heard NTJs saying that emotions should never be considered in decision making. And ISFJs have aux-Fe.I find it weird too, to be honest. I'm working a lot on Fi and I admit I don't think automatically about other people's feelings (PoLR), but if someone reminds me, I consider them.1) ISTJ, 100% sure

2) 29

3) ESTJ mom, INFP dad

4) I'm a meteorological technician, but I also studied computer science, telecommunications and math teaching for high school

5) ESFJ girlfriend

6) I have one. He's almost 4 so it's kinda early to type but he acts a lot like me and I sense a strong Si already.

7) I drink maybe 3 times a week. People say I'm fun when I drink.

8) I only tried pot like 5 times and last time was in 2006. The bad trip was so bad (there was probably something else mixed) that I never tried again.

9) I like comedy shows with clever writing. I'm definitely a fan of the Simpsons' golden years, I can watch them again and again. We binged watched The Office this spring and I loved it. Subtle transitions that imply a lot are a big bonus for me.

10) I'm agnostic.

11) Done. Hang in there buddy!&gt;Your such a typical ISTJ. 

Thanks!
I never broke the rules and I was afraid of the consequences of incomplete homeworks or failed tests, to the fear of my parents knowing about it.

I had good grades, specifically in maths and English (I'm a francophone but I always preffered English in school). I had to keep a global average of at least 80% or my mom would cut the Internet from the house (She's ESTJ, no doubt she would do it).

I couldn't understand why some kids were rebellious. Never went to detention. I wasn't a jerk though, I pretty much stayed low profile in the corner with a few friends.I've had my share of ISTJ / ENFP

ENFP: Hey let's do everything forever.

ISTJ: I had a hard day at work, I just want to stay home and play RPGs with a beer

ENFP: You're so anti-social.

ISTJ: ...

ENFP: Now I need change, let's rearrange everything in the apartment.

ISTJ: It's 10 PM.

ENFP: Stop being lazy!

ISTJ: ...Saguenay, QC, what about you?So I got Free Spirit

&gt; You are Intuitive: You tend to trust your intuitions

&gt; You are Subjective: People and stories interest you more than facts and figures do; you focus on the essence of ideas over the details. Your mind is more qualitative than quantitative.

That is by far the most anti-ISTJ thing I've read in my life.I'm not THAT hard working.

I make sure that what I have to is done at 110%, but I never volunteer for other stuff because I'm actually afraid of messing up new things.

If I get assigned to a new task though, I can't say no.If you mean function stack, I would say the last letter.

I'll compare with ISTJ for example.

ISTJ/ESTJ: Si/Te/Fi/Ne vs Te/Si/Ne/Fi. same functions, different stacking.

ISTJ/INTJ: Si/Te/Fi/Ne vs Ni/Te/Fi/Se. Same aux/tert axis.

ISTJ/ISFJ: Si/Te/Fi/Ne vs Si/Fe/Ti/Ne. Dominant Si and inferior Ne for both (that also means similar Ne grip).

ISTJ/ISTP, we've got Si/Te/Fi/Ne vs Ti/Se/Ni/Fe, everything's the opposite.Getting to know how functions work made me realize why I act in a certain way in certain situations.

Si-Te is prone to arguing, being sceptic, wanting proof and not thrust others such as being reluctant to delegate stuff.

I'm also trying to improve inf-Ne by being more spontaneous, not planning everything and trying new stuff. I've been into cooking new recipes recently and I enjoy it.Just for comparison, I'm ISTJ, my dad is INFP.

He's more of a tinker, repairs or builds stuff, likes to travel. I'm more of a static type.

When we repair or build stuff together, he has more of a trial and error method while I tend to think about the steps. I won't make a move until I'm sure of what I'm doing. He will think of all the possibilities about how he can proceed. I'm thinking of the most efficient way.

If we come across a dilemma, I tend to go with what's logical / makes the most sense while he goes with what feels right to him.

Otherwise we share the same function stack, so we still understand each other a lot. I even thought he could be ISTJ before making him do a test.

If you're still confused, I'd suggest you to think about how you react under stress, to check if you have inferior Ne or Te.I met ISTJs that are as flexible as a 2x4, always by the book and not willing to have fun.

My INFJ friend told me once: "I'm pretty sure you would hate living with another you." Yeah definitely, specially if (s)he has his/her own structure or system that goes against mine.&gt;They like to replay old music and can perfectly recall details and games/movies/shows. It seems that recall those things can bring them joy.

Yup. I totally relate to that.

My mom is ESTJ, my dad is INFP.I had this discussion with older coworkers at work who tried a typing test recently, saying that they would have gotten a different result if they did it a few years ago.

I think you keep the same type all your life, you just learn to develop tertiary and inferior functions.

And yes I know that tests are not 100% accurate and the true way to find one's type is to know about functions. I get why certain answers would change according to experience, messing with the results.I'd also say ISTJ, with healthy Ne.Maybe you're in a loop. It happens when you bypass your auxiliary fonction and you work only with your dominant and tertiary function. It becomes problematic because Ixxx types end relying only on introvert functions while Exxx types end up relying only on extravert functions, losing healthy balance either way.

[Here's a link to MBTI-notes on loops](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/133090287772/accurate-typing-tertiary-temptation)

Here's the part I'm thinking about:

&gt;Si-Fi loop dynamics: represses unresolved negative emotions and transforms them into problematic and unchangeable moral judgments about the world -&gt; but nevertheless ends up being haunted by turmoil when moral beliefs continually produce poor outcomes, resulting in anxious rumination that stokes fears about not being able to live life with the proper confidence and skillfulnessWell I'm glad I could help then!

Take care of yourself :)My mind's like a file cabinet with a bunch of file directories in it. Everything's just catalogued.[I like this website a lot](http://www.erictb.info/archetypes.html)

It's about the 8-function model and how every type reacts to every functions.

Being ENFP, Ni's your 5th function, so the opposing function.

Quoting that website about it:
*We feel negative emotions of our dominant perspective being obstructed by things in the opposite orientation. Then, we become stubborn about them. The complex then defends the dominant perspective in that opposite orientation.*

In other words, the 5th function is a function you're supposed to be good at but decide to ignore because it goes against your dominant. In your case, Ne vs Ni, I'd say that you'd rather explore many possibilities rather than just one.

I guess knowing why you ignore Ni is part of the solution i.e. you're more conscious about it, so it will be easier to improve.Yeah no worries :) I think this model is super cool but not a lot of people are aware about it.I remember that in college I did try to be cool. I'd also try various fashion styles, like wearing a shirt under a t-shirt (ugh).

I'm guessing it could have been a developing weak Fi?

Anyways now I'm 30, I know what I'm worth and I'm respected for who I am (among friends and at work). Basically I learned that the best way is to be genuine. Now I don't care if I'm cool or not. I'm also definitely not trendy, however I know how to dress and look good.I find it funny how ISTJ comes out often here. If I have to argue with another ISTJ about something we don't agree, we're fucked.The worse part is I'd probably watch it when I'm not in it and I'd comment on how other ISTJs' points of view are shitty.

What I mean is, if two ISTJs have a different tried and true method for something, there's gonna be arguing before shit is getting done.

But y'know, I suppose the one with healthier Ne would be like "yeah alright, show me what you got, I can learn from this"Can't even argue with that.XSTJs are stereotyped to follow rules because of the whole acceptance for tried and true methods and because rules -generally- make sense.

However, if it makes more sense to not follow a rule, I'm pretty sure most would not care and end up not following it.

Although I'm pretty lawful myself, it happened a few times where I didn't follow the rules. A straightforward example would be speeding.

For the "unimposing" part, I'm 30 and have been developing Fi for the last few years. I'm at a place now where I have that live and let live attitude.I thought that's what you meant by "unimposing", meaning that STJs usually impose their rules or points of view on people. I was saying that it's not necessarily true, although it might come with age.MBTI has nothing to do with social extraversion. It has to do wether you focus more on your inner or outer world.

Besides that, MBTI is about preferences in cognition. You can be good with both sides because you developed them but you'll always have one preference.

&gt;Whenever I take a test, I always am typed as 95-100% extroverted. Even then, there are times where I would rather be alone.

As much as I know I'm introvert, there's always this time where I'm looking for social interaction.I have Fe PoLR and although I can be friendly and dependable, I have to go out of my way to include people in my reasoning. I don't necessarily know how to act or comfort someone who's sad. I also have a hard time to show empathy.

My Fi improved a lot lately. I wish I could improve Fe though.I did try to find it myself but I really can't find it out...

I met my girlfriend about 9 months ago. She told me about Though Catalog (which I knew), I asked her if she knew about about MBTI, she said she was ENFJ. We just read a bunch of articles for fun like "what does each type do for whatever situation" and she said they were accurate.

She redid a test a few months ago and got ESFJ as a result. I know that results can change every time you do a test depending on mood, stress and other factors and the best way to find out is to know about functions, but ever since she got that result, I'm wondering about it because both ExFJ make sense. Even those Thought Catalog articles are accurate for both types.


I'll begin with Fe:

First, she definitely has a strong Fe and she's making sure everyone in her surroundings is okay, specially close ones. She can get the vibe of a group and "absorb" that emotion. I see it mostly when I'm stressed or anxious. On the plus side when I'm feeling good she also gets super bubbly.

She had few issues at work with coworkers being blunt and she wondered if it was personal against her. She loves when I use Te to tell her that they probably had a logical reason to do so and it's not against her (and turns out it's mostly the case every time).

She's working as a supply teacher in a high school, and she feels fulfilled when she knows that she's making a change in teenagers' lives.

She majored in sociology. She said that seeing the world through a sociological lens was one of the best things that ever happened to her and would major in that again if she had to redo it. She loves talking about social issues, ethics, morals. She's a feminist and believes in equality. She is very liberal.


I'm thinking extroverted because of her love for social gatherings, and J because of her structured lifestyle.


For other functions, both Ni/Se and Si/Ne make sense.

[I'm relying on this article for the rest](http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/114438591483/how-do-you-tell-the-difference-between-enfjs-and)

Reasons why she'd be ENFJ:

* Seeking hidden meanings and understand emotions

* Career goals

* Looking to improve the world

* Lives in the moment

* Adventurous to a certain extent

* Loves to try/cook food, try wine, go to arts gallery, read books, watch shows

Reasons why she'd be ESFJ:

* Sense of details and facts

* Relying on past experience

* Strong convictions about her beliefs

* Dislikes when a plan changes

* Good with brainstorming

* Creative, witty, loves jokes and puns, anecdotes


Also, should I check the introvert side of things?
Could she be an introvert just because she likes to sit down with a cup of wine and some music after a hectic day at work, even if she loves partys and social gatherings?
If so, I would consider ISFJ as well, because I could see Si-dom with strong Fe-aux. I quickly read the ISFJ description on 16personalities and it looks like a potential option.
I'm not thinking about INFJ though because I don't think she'd be Ni-dom.


So, I've got to questions here:

1) What could be distinctive features between ENFJ and ESFJ? What if we include ISFJ?

2) What other questions I could ask her that would help find her type?


Thanks a lot for reading and taking your time!

edit for formatting
Sorry for this long post. If you’re dealing with someone you believe to be a psychopath you may find it useful. If anyone wants, I can probably go into more detail regarding how specific types reacted to the situation.

I think each person is susceptible in their own way, though people who go in trying to help a psychopath or try to project intentions on a psychopath are big targets. The reason a psychopath can cause so much havoc is that there is no one type who is immune to their behaviour. Even if someone doesn’t fall for it completely, they aren’t likely to do something about it.

There was a person in my workplace who exhibited a lot of psychopathic behaviours. They were a scourge on the workplace, and on everyone they had close interactions with: skipping work, faking a medical condition, stealing large amounts of money in various ways, and lying about everything you can imagine. The strategies they used were as follows:

* Garner sympathy and use it to their advantage. 
* Make a good impression on each individual. Keep up good relations with as many people as possible, even on (or perhaps focusing on) the most superficial level.
* Use societies norms as an advantage.
* Use ignorance as an advantage.
* Use other’s doubts and isolation as an advantage.
* Use other’s non-action as an advantage.

They do not care about how others perceive them, unless it will impact their ability to benefit in the future. And even if you detest them, the sad truth is that most people will not have the guts to directly oppose what they do or will quickly back down (there are good and bad reasons for this).

From an MBTI perspective, I don’t think type is related. I think types that value Fi will maybe be less susceptible on the surface. But a couple of examples: the person I trusted most and who ended up catching something amiss from another perspective was an ISFJ. And one of the people drawn in the most by this person was an ISFP, so clearly there are exceptions. I think the most important thing is to recognize the behaviours above and understand how you can fall victim to them and overcome them. 

The most difficult part of dealing with the situation was that it was impossible to isolate a specific action, only general patterns of behaviour. And everything was built up so that if someone were to make an accusation it could have a huge chance of blowing up in their face. This is what I mean with the last 4 points above. 

This particular person claimed to have a medical condition. This allowed them to miss work indiscriminately, freeload off their significant other who was working full time, and eventually steal a large some of money that was donated to help them with a surgery that was “canceled” at the last moment. 

You can see how claiming that someone doesn’t have a medical condition is a serious claim. Stealing money is a serious claim. And from my own perspective it boiled down to nothing adding up, and no significant proof being provided. But there was nothing but circumstantial evidence for me to point to. If a stranger were to come in and mediate that discussion from scratch, the psychopath could easily turn the conversation their way.  And as another person here has mentioned, the more you push against them, the harder the psychopath will push back, using whatever method they have.

It’s very difficult and frustrating. If you’re dealing with someone you assume to be a psychopath, talk to someone close who also has experience with the situation and get a strong foothold on what’s going on. If no one fits the bill, talk to someone close without experience. Psychopaths are great at causing confusion and using your doubts against you. Having someone you can confide in and corroborate with will help you understand what’s going on and gain confidence to deal with the situation.

Another piece of advice: trust your moral compass and trust others around you. Dealing with a situation like this can have a huge impact on how you feel about others. It’s very negative and draining. For me (and I wasn’t even at the centre of these events) it was like a miasma of distrust and uncertainty descended on the workplace. Be extra compassionate and be someone who can counter those things with your actions and attitude. Here's my experience with INTPs and psychopaths. I knew an INTP who was roommates with the psychopath I outlined in another post in this topic. This wasn't an emotional relationship - it was mostly just a convenience of two folks splitting the bills. 

At the end of everything the INTP had a very clear view that this person was manipulative, lied about everything, and had zero respect for them. So in that regard, yes, INTPs are not susceptible and will eventually see through the bullshit. 

However, I think INTPs are one of the smallest threats to a psychopath. Despite his thoughts on the situation, the INTP lived with this person until they kicked him out. He never took any action to get rid of this person from his life and was not very good at convincing others of the dangers of this person. I'm not entirely sure, beyond knowing this person was a lier, that  he had a grasp of what the end game was. And that's the thing, psychopaths aren't very logical in their actions - they're manipulative. Logically the things they do don't really add up, so an observer if left to think that it makes no sense and will give up there. 

One of the psychopath's strengths is a reliance that even though someone sees through their bullshit, no action will be taken. I think INTPs are very susceptible to this. And yes, it will prevent an INTP from getting caught up in something that causes them significant harm, but they're still left dealing with someone in an unpleasant situation and they aren't very good at helping others who get roped in. And in this particular example, despite the horrible experience the INTP had with this person, he would be polite and give them drives home after work. Seemed to work out in the psychopath's advantage.

Another thing to watch out for as an INTP is that it's relatively easy for a psychopath to diminish your credibility. They'll use the sphere of public perceptions to subtly show why (probably using ad-hominem statements) what you say doesn't matter, or fits into the narrative they've built for themselves. They'll take your quirks and blow them into defects. I agree, on an individual level this works. However this is no way to actually stop a psychopath, it only stops their impact on you. Or, to put it another way, your internal narrative is rescued, but the reality of the situation will continue. And the reality of the situation is that people who aren't INTPs (or other high thinking types) can't use this solution and will fall victim. On top of that, you had to go through the inconvenience (big or small) of taking whatever you've set up (be it a home, relationships, money, or whatever else you had invested in the psychopath's sphere of influence) and leaving some of it behind. And the psychopath benefits. 

As someone who is logical and can see through the lies, a psychopath is going to depend on you to not take interest, not take action, and prey on people who you might be able to help if you took action.

Edit: Forgot to mention, the assumption of physical and financial mobility doesn't always exist. A psychopath will take advantage of that when they can, as with the INTP in my example who needed a roommate to pay for a place to live.In theory it works, but they'll attempt to use enough hand wringing and story telling to manipulate you off that track.

A psychopath isn't likely to use that line of reasoning, or I guess will not present it in that way. They thrive off sympathy, and they'll try to gather it as soon as they can. And it will be done piecemeal, so that the deception isn't as obvious. Here's an example (loosely based on a real situation a friend went through) of how things can become ugly:

* When you meet them they are very kind, take an interest in you and what you like. They seem like a normal, outgoing individual. There's not much that's untrustworthy, as far as you can see - this isn't ever an assumption you would need to make. You become fairly fast acquaintances if not necessarily close friends. 
* They gain your trust by telling you personal information about them. They mention their mom is feeling pretty ill, so they'll have to miss work the next couple days. They make sure their boss is aware, and they're back soon after. 
* They find out you're looking for a place to stay, and mention they're looking for a roommate. You move in, things work out great. They know the landlord already so they make the rent payments in full. You just give your half to them.
* A few months later they tell you their mom now has cancer. They have to help support the family, so they won't have enough money for the internet this month. Would you be able to give them extra to it? They'll get a bonus on their pay next month for some sales they made, so they'll be able to pay you back then. You agree.
* They don't give you the money you were promised. Maybe they don't even mention it and it never gets brought up. Maybe you bring it up, and they explain the bonus fell through - they give you all the details the bureaucratic mess that caused it. It seems to logically make sense. They say they'll make sure to pay you back, but they don't know when exactly.
* The mail key goes missing. Your roommate isn't sure where it is or who had it last. They promise they'll find it or get a copy made, but it doesn't happen.
* A couple of months later your internet gets shut off. Your roommate assures you it's a misunderstanding with the company, and it gets turned back on the next day. 
* Next month you get an eviction notice on your door. Your roommate tearfully explains that they haven't been able to pay the rent because their mother is in bad shape. They explain they will have to move out to live with their brother because they can't afford to support themselves. You are left to find a new living situation. You don't know if they rent you've been paying has gone towards living or something else. You lose your damage deposit. And it's hard to be mad at your roommate - they're in an even worse situation, right?

Hope that gives you an idea. Again, it's not based on logical reasoning. And I'm sure you or I can think of solutions to stop this slippery slope  at any point. But in practice it's hard, and there are ways to manipulate what you do. You don't want to trust your seemingly trustworthy roommate with the rent? It's the easiest way, and they've never had problems paying the bills in the past (so they've sprinkled into conversations). You're going to tell your clearly upset roommate that you won't cover the internet this month? You won't have internet otherwise, and they'll be able to cover it next month, so why not? That's something that will hurt your reputation when they tell other people their mom is sick, and they don't have internet, and their roommate won't help ("Oh! If I was your roommate I would cover it! I feel terrible!")

You'll move out then and there? And leave your roommate on their own, unable to pay the bills while a family member is ill? Can you hold off for another couple months while they make arrangements?  And after that a couple more?

If you take the absolute approach and say no, you're still potentially out your damage deposit, and you have to find a new place. So it's complicated and can be hard to spot and really pinpoint what's off, and the solution may not be obvious.

Then after a few months you find out from someone else there wasn't cancer and it was all a "mistake by the doctor" according to your ex-roommate. Huh.Sorry if I wasn't clear enough. In this example the illness isn't just emphasized, it's completely made up.First off, don’t take their behaviour as malicious. Their silent treatment isn’t punishment for something you’ve done, it’s a way for them to deal with something on their own. It’s not necessarily a bad thing. It’s definitely not something you should blame yourself for, and it's almost certainly not something they blame you for.

It seems like your main concern is that you’ve done something to make them dislike you. I don’t think that’s the case. But it may be the case that in order for you to have a good relationship with your friend, you need breaks from each other. That's just the nature of some relationships, and it doesn't make them worse.

You’ve mentioned feeling ignored and rejected. The action of not responding to your attempts to communicate is the cause, but why does that have the ability to affect you? What is it about the situation that is so hurtful?

If it’s something that is bothering you it’s a good idea to speak to your friend. I can’t speak for them, but when I ignore someone I feel bad! I might not have anything interesting to say, or not know what to say so I don’t say anything. Sometimes I get into bad moods unrelated to the person I'm talking to and I don't want to drag them into it. With that said, try not to pressure them into communicating and have an honest conversation with them when they seem open. Understanding why you feel the way you do will hopefully help you understand each other. This is how I move on from something when I regret it or feel bummed out.

First, take time to understand why you're upset. Break it down it down into parts, like "I don't like when I...", "... didn't happen the way I liked", etc. Be as detailed as you need to be. This might take a while and there might be one thing or many.

Once you've done that, think about how you can change things for the future. How can your behaviour and choices change so that things will be better? Feeling shitty is how positive change can occur. If you resolve to change your future you don't have to continue reliving the past.
I'm pretty sure I am an ISTJ now, and the OP's description sounds very much like me.I've never had an ENTP flair. I have considered using a estj flair though.What about normal type?

Anyway when I was younger I liked fire/electric types, but now it's definitely fighting type.ISTJ, and I would really like to be ESTP; not to mention they have the same function order just inverted.1.) Electrical Manipulation( maybe extends to Electromagnetic powers similar to X-Men's Magneto). Hyper-Intelligence

2.) Don't know lol.

3.) I'd be a 3 heroic.

4.) 4 in selflessness

5.) About a 9 only people on my team or very close friends would know

6.) Maybe just an all black costume.Fe can be very warm and caring but it can also be quite manipulative and the person knows which buttons to push.
Fi can be genuine and authentic but it can be stubborn and selfish.
Aww I'm an ISTJ and many of my close friends are INFPs. I think we're awesome! Yeaaaaaaahh... my INTP ex would get close to a blackout on this bingo. &gt;.&lt;My best friend is an INFP and she's engaged to an ENFP and they're one of the best and happiest couples I know.What? Haha. I dunno, practicing self-care is a good start. I googled "self care" and [this was the top search result](http://tinybuddha.com/blog/45-simple-self-care-practices-for-a-healthy-mind-body-and-soul/). My suggestion would be to use the internet to get ideas.ISTJ: Anorexia nervosa, body dysmorphic disorder, panic disorder, agoraphobia, generalized anxiety, clinical depression, and PTSD. Right now I'm in recovery from or well managing all of those diagnoses with therapy and medication. Just celebrated one year of recovery from my eating disorder!  I'm here! I love MBTI. Idk where the rest of my cohort is.I think Si. I experience deja vu pretty intensely. Si is strongly tied to memory.ISTXI'm in recovery from anorexia, agoraphobia/panic disorder, body dysmorphic disorder, depression, PTSD, compulsive skin picking disorder and probably some others I can't remember. It's taken the better part of three years of being in and out of hospitals, hundreds of hours of weekly therapy and dietitian counseling, and no short amount of hard work, but I'm successfully fully managing my mental health for the first time in my life. My first therapist was a clinical psychologist and was mildly helpful to me with processing my childhood bullshit, but she didn't really help me otherwise. She mostly did CBT which gave me mixed results. My next therapist was at a DBT based treatment center for eating disorders. DBT didn't work for me at all. Finally I found a therapist who specialized in ACT (Acceptance and Commitment Therapy) and eventually went to another treatment center that specialized in ACT. I also read "The Happiness Trap" by Russ Harris, a practical and accessible guide for ACT to be used with or without therapy. ACT really worked for me. It gives you practical daily skills to help you manage your anxious and depressive thoughts in a healthy and safe way. Honestly the key to any mental health recovery in my opinion is learning and using skills, not necessarily going through your entire life history with a shrink. Even for my very severe agoraphobia and panic disorder, the skills from ACT totally helped me through the exposure therapy work I had to do to overcome the anxiety. ACT is also a pretty new therapy, and it essentially takes the good parts of DBT and CBT and combines them. You can also start learning and using skills from ACT immediately, making it a very fast and effective therapy compared to CBT and DBT which are very slow to show results, IMO. Due to being so new, not all therapists have heard of it or practice it. If you had a lackluster therapy experience, it may be because the type of therapy your therapist was practicing wasn't compatible for you. If someone says you are "therapy resistant", it's probably to only one modality, most likely CBT. Technically I was therapy resistant to the first two therapies I had, but on the 3rd it worked flawlessly. I would really encourage everyone here to seek out the different types of therapy available, even if it's just reading "The Happiness Trap". The world of mental health is changing very rapidly and due to the complete lack of good mental health services in the US most people aren't able to get the right help they need right off the bat. So just keep trying. I would be dead if I had given up on finding something that worked for me. Best of luck to you all!This explains so many of my experiences... spot on. Like body dysmorphic disorder? BDD and eating disorders are characterized by anxiety and depression manifesting themselves in physical ways in the body or as body image distress. I'm in recovery from both and spent a ton of time in hospitals with other ED patients. The most common types I saw were IXXJs. Over all, more introverts than extroverts. More introverts with anorexia, more extroverts with bulimia. (More people are hospitalized for anorexia, but bulimia has a higher overall prevalence.) But honestly I saw almost every personality type represented, and these are just gross generalizations. Anyone can develop any type of eating disorder or have issues with the mind/body connection.ISTJ, 1w9: I used to care a lot, like to the point of developing severe social anxiety. I've been through a lot of therapy and now am totally at peace with being whoever I am and not caring if people don't like me. I'm not rude or socially defiant, I just can't and don't give any fucks if people like me because it's healthier for me to just let it go. I used to be the exact same way! Therapy really helped me foster a sense of self worth and self acceptance independent of other people. I used to use relationships to validate my self worth and since I was constantly looking to others to build me up, I became extremely anxious and insecure in those connections. Being able to be secure in myself allowed me to be open to friendships and relationships without anxiety and to just enjoy them. My self acceptance through therapy came from understanding and accepting parts of myself I saw at odds with society: my introversion, my hypersensitivity, as well as all of my random quirks and traits. Because I couldn't give myself that validation I had to make every one else like me. So it was an endless parade of trying to force myself to be someone I wasn't, but someone I thought everyone would like, which made me even more anxious because I wasn't being authentic or honest. Eventually I came to realize that part of being human is that not everyone will like you, and that's okay. If you like you, that's all that matters. And those that see the true you and still like you are the people you should surround yourself with. The only way I was able to let go of needing people to like me was through my own self acceptance. Self compassion was something that really helped me (check out author Pema Chödrön), as well as being able to manage my anxiety and depression appropriately with therapy and medication. Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) was pretty much the biggest thing that helped with self acceptance (check out "The Happiness Trap" by Russ Harris) as well as some Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT). Society doesn't properly equip us with the right mental health skills to be able to handle negative thoughts and unpleasant emotions, and I've found therapy to be super helpful in learning ways to reframe and cope with fears of being hated or unloved. Once you can manage those thoughts in a healthy way it's easier to accept yourself and let go of the anxiety of what people think of you. Obviously easier said than done, but not impossible. I'd really recommend you find a therapist that does ACT or CBT and start working on ways to reframe those social anxiety thoughts.It's funny you mentioned type changing with significant mental illness. I actually have PTSD and am in recovery from very severe agoraphobia, as well as a few other major mental illnesses. I typed as an ISTJ before and during my illness and yes I did change a lot through it but I actually don't think my MBTI changed. I would actually argue that even significant trauma and mental illness DOESN'T change type. I've known a lot of people with a lot of very severe trauma, eating disorders, bipolar disorder, severe phobias, severe anxiety, severe depression... and from what I've been able to discern is that type doesn't actually change. Agoraphobia and PTSD are anxiety disorders and it's more a symptom of illness to become shy and reclusive, not someone becoming an introvert. Remember shy, quite, or anxious DOES NOT mean introverted. They are separate things. I know a woman with severe trauma and agoraphobia who is very extroverted and has been her whole life. The point is, don't confuse symptoms of illness with an actual change in personality. There are treatments for PTSD and agoraphobia... they're not always forever life altering illnesses that cause permanent changes to how you process and react to your world. I'm fully recovered from my severe agoraphobia and am still the same person I was before I developed it in terms of personality. I just have coping skills now to manage my anxiety so I can leave my home, am no longer shy, and am confident socially. Still an introvert. Bottom line, I don't actually believe mental illness can alter function stacks. So yeah, I agree with you that type doesn't change and I would go so far as to say extreme trauma, on the scale of developing Dissociative Identity Disorder (multiple personality disorder) might be the only situation where those core parts of the self are really changed. Otherwise I think any changes in behavior due to illness are more likely symptoms and not a full on type change and would return to normal as the illness is treated. You'd see seemingly permanent changes if the illness went untreated and the symptoms remained over a lifetime, but I still argue that those are symptoms and not actual changes in MBTI type.Oh no we totally are like this. I wrote an essay for a scholarship that disgusted my friends by how ass-kissy it was. Got the scholarship, they didn't. It's not about being a kiss ass, it's about accomplishing a goal. Most of the ISTJs I know are pretty high achievers and strive for social harmony, and ass kissing facilitates both these things.ISTJ: Acts of service, quality time, physical touch. 
ISTP: Quality time, physical touch, acts of service. ISTJ who was a music major and has been singing and performing in high level choral ensembles for over 10 years. I wouldn't necessarily say we are low on musical intelligence- I have excellent intonation and musicality. Perhaps I'm an outlier.ISTJ- bondage. I like to be in control of everything all the time so it's really hot to be forced into submission. I agree. This is an issue for family counseling or perhaps personal therapy to learn communication and coping skills. ISTJ: Cannabis!Exposure therapy. Expose yourself to the places, things, and people that make you anxious and over time your anxiety response will lessen. Check out "The Happiness Trap" by Russ Harris for some great coping tools to use while trying to overcome anxiety. Rely on your therapist for support. Your psychiatrist is right, the pills aren't a long term cure for anxiety- you have to do the work to desensitize yourself to the things that make you anxious. Google it. It's a super established treatment for anxiety and agoraphobia.I love this franchise, but mostly because I see it as a really fucked up social psychology experiment and I like to challenge myself to pick out what elements have been scripted and which parts are "real". I don't take it seriously and enjoy reading spoilers. I'm an ISTJ. I have a few times. Finally understanding the adages “just be yourself” and “if you want people to like you, stop trying to get people to like you” transformed me into a really cool and confident person in my mid 20s and people started flocking around me. It was weird. I was “popular” yet I didn’t really want it or know what to do with it. I’m in a new environment now, one in which I’m on the edges of an already really established social group so I’m no longer the center of attention. Which is almost a relief in a way. I dunno, it’s weird. I’m just kind of generally nice and honest and people like that. ISTJ.

Narcissism: 0.9 (3rd percentile)
Machiavellianism: 1 (3rd percentile)
Psychopathy: 0.7 (1st percentile) 

Not really surprised, TBH. I’m a really stereotypical lawful good alignment who is also a Highly Sensitive Person. I’ve struggled with debilitating perfectionism and severe social anxiety and it took years and years of therapy to get to a point where I could function  in life. What helped me was adopting an attitude of self-compassion towards my flaws and shortcomings but also actively challenging my perfectionism and allowing myself to be uncomfortable when my flaws are visible. Basically had to take on an attitude of not caring what people thought of me. It’s exhausting work all the time to maintain this mindset and to not let my perfectionism rule my life... but it’s completely possible and I’m currently the strongest and most successful I’ve ever been as a result.ISTJ: quality time, acts of service, physical touch. Meh to words of affirmation. Dislike gift giving. 
Ask her out. What’s the point in trying to be indirect about letting her know you like her? ISTJ: Love it. Cleaning and organizing is like meditation for me. Acts of service is one of my love languages so it works out well for those I live with.My partner’s strategy was to be helpful around the house and be respectful and appreciative of my work. We may get a bad rep sometimes but you can’t deny our utility.I appreciate that. I dated/lived with an INTP for a few years and he really appreciated where I was able to make up for his deficiencies and vice-versa. He never understood the SJ hate either.Like you would any other relationship with anyone else. Spend time together doing common activities and getting to know each other. At the point that you feel romantic feelings for each other the relationship continues forward. Or if there aren’t feelings there it fizzles out and you try again with someone else. There’s no hardcore science or “the right way” to do it, just do whatever you do to socialize and get to know the non-romantic people in your life. I agree. Humans are hard wired to look for meaning in their world and if exposed/indoctrinated into religion, they’re going to usually just go along with that. The prevailing theory in personality psychology as a whole is that it’s a little of both. I think we are born with certain personality traits, but our childhood, home environments, and life experiences play a role in how those genetic traits are expressed.ISTJ: I’m really good at planning events, trips, and anything involving coordinating a lot of people. I’ve been a section leader in two different choirs, not by choice, but because I’m good at emailing and herding people around and am super reliable and always show up to rehearsal.MBTI isn’t going to help you find the perfect career. There are just so many options and there’s no hard and fast rules about which types excel in which careers. And certainly nothing about your type could predict your GPA for a different program.

It’s up to *you* to figure out what would be a meaningful career and do the work required to maintain good grades. My advice is to see a career counselor and ask these same questions. Job shadow some people in different careers you’re interested in. Start asking yourself introspective questions about what you would like and dislike in a career and how to achieve your goals.

I’m an ISTJ going into a career as a mental health counselor. It took me close to a decade to figure out this path after many failed attempts. My career is very, very unusual for my type and “traditional “ ISTJ careers were uninteresting to me. The only thing that helped me figure out my path was going to therapy, understanding myself, and seeking out information about career options. MBTI isn’t going to give you all the answers for how to live your life, you gotta do some leg work yourself. I am an ISTJ and I drive a Subaru Impreza hatchback. I got it for practical reasons: I need 4-wheel drive to visit my parents who live in the mountains, I need a small car for city driving, and I need a super reliable car for the long term. It’s not flashy but it suits me. When I was car shopping I made a giant spreadsheet of cars, features, and prices and sort of narrowed down what I wanted using that data. Settled on Subaru and then the Impreza.ISTJ, 1w9, Slytherin.
Probaly a NP95 % ISTJ lolDepends on the individual,but usually people who dont stand out,and do the workistj socialistYou just need to create your own system,everyone has theirs.Yes it's true Si is good for doing the same thing over again,like I said usually find a method that works efficiently and do it again everytime.Fe usersdont care about stereotype just look for functions
I did the 16 personalities,read all the descriptions,I never doubted I was an istj after that momentNoice,I joined you guysapplication that lets you talk and chat with othersim pretty sure levi is an istj,armin is ixfp as long as they are healthy,type will in theory seek out other types more than othersIstj,and I relate to my fellow Estj.They are like us,but with a really high Te.The type as a whole doesn't seems interesting to me.They are alright.I'm above average at the game,but still bad.I'd do the sameMost of the things you said could be done by the two types,but you give off more the vibe of an Istj,you don't really look like a Ni dom.Its probably a tendency that Fe users have,but not a trait that all Fe users share.I'm lazy.The official one.No,I never had any problem with my type.This is not going to end well..https://www.mbtionline.com/TaketheMBTINice.You really had to take the nazi example for us LmaoThat sounds pretty nihilistic to me.This guy is just an idiot,period,
ps:We can still see his face on the messages.I would say that Intp are the most introvertedIsn't that Ti?Take a good look at yourselfMost people will say they dislike school if you ask them.
YeahMost influenced Sjs
Least influenced:NtsI agree with kiroumaru being an Istj,very stereotypical one.I see Shun more as an Intj.The rest looks okay I think.Types aren't related to specific humour.Its more related to culture,functions doesnt specify things like humour,never been proven that its relatedThe person making a claim need to back it up with evidence,if you fail to do that,its acceptable to deny your whole claim.Fe usersI dont really careEnfps use the same function as me and I relate easily to them,Enfj on the other hand,I will never understand them,too different.SJs,especially estjsIstj are about the past and present(Si dom-Te aux) while Intj are more focused on the future and present(Ni dom-Te aux)CoolSays the Te domGood post,but I think Op was referencing as more casual evilness trait.
Ie:How normal people can be evil and their mbti.The descriptions of intuitives types are usually more interesting than sensors hence the intuitive bias.Hah,easier said than done.Because some people don't know themselves inside out making the response very balanced.I want to kill myself looking at that.I'm lazy af.Me too :)I think high Se would be pretty low on daydreamingI'm pretty active on another mbti forum,and theres a big community of Istjs.For your question,I wouldn't know,my best answer is that intuitive descriptions are more interesting than sensors,why be the duty fulfiller when you can be the master mind?Introvert,whether intuitive or sensor don't go to parties,etc.
Either way most people are on the internet so I dont see why sensors wouldnt be hereyou wot m8?People with a good TeDoesn't mean anything,
Ie:An Entp who is very borderline introverted can still have a very strong Ne and so onyou pc bro?I like talking with people I likeIntjs:What is meaning?

Intps:Sorry what did you say,I can't pause at the moment.

Entp:Your mom

Entj:it's not enough that I should succeed others should fail

Istj:Follow rules,become a good citizen.

Estj:Make the life of your subordinates the closer to hell as possible.

Esfj:Everyone is happy,and under control.

Isfj:Making everyone happy in their own little world.

Istp:Have a good looking car

Isfp:Do cool artistic shit

Estp:Have a good time doing their own things

Esfp:Make lots of friends

Enfp:Explore new possiblities with people they like.

Infp:Pass a week without crying

Enfj:Have the largest group of friends

Infj:Have someone be grateful for their good advices



Through my computer screen.Entj are Te dom while Enfj are Fe domEstj.They are successful in life.You don't know yourselfJust you4 chan /b/I was only half seriousI stay in my room for days, and don't mind having no social interactions for long periods of time.Istj-Entp is ideal match?What were they smoking when making this?I love how you're responding to my posts on 2 different thread.YoutubeRead about functions and meditate on which one you really use more.Sounds more like an Isfj, especially the bit about the perception of others about him.
Why do you think he is Si dom anyway?Fuck knowsYour comment is better than the thread.IdcThey mistype due to lack of knowledge, once you get into Mbti, you're not as likely to be mistyped.Gives a self of identity.Depends on the personAlways been good at Si I test as sensor because I'm one.If you want something accurate, your information is lacking.Intj from functions, just do research on functions, and read a lot if you're not sure.Dont care much about it, theres not a lot of activityWhy so serious?Ne/Se domhttp://i294.photobucket.com/albums/mm98/undesired367/percentagenounknown-2.png9w1-6w5-3w4, from experience, its not uncommon for Istjs that are active online.Your flair says otherwise.Idk, just found it on google image. Still ironic of you to ask for sources when into Mbti.The chart might not be perfect, but it can give a general idea on which enneagram is the most popular for each type. I won't call it pseudoscience, etc. Just that most people get into Mbti without having to look at sources.People aren't 100% introvert anyway, they can't always be alone.It has to do with you being insecure.I upvoted because of the great pun.An Entp that is attracted towards Istjs, that's unusual alright.

I myself would never stereotypically see myself getting along with an Entp or an Infj.

I admire Ne doms because they are really good at something I value (Ne), but am not so good at.Feel free, but even if I am Istj, Istj isn't me.

Edit: Oh you're the guy who responded to my post in the chart comptability thread.Lolol32 questions?Ain't nobody got time for that.

My awareness level is so high, I don't need to confirm it.He said he was Enfp.He knows himself better than you.Because how others perceive you doesn't equal what you are.
Thats what I meant.Are you sure you're not projecting?I know that your dominant function and inferior are opposite, if you're curious, go read about the actual theory.I don't.Tl;dr

Can you do this test and post your results?
http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htmIstp.You should consider Infp then.
If that doesn't work, maybe go read about descriptions of Ni doms(Infj-Intj)Is that what we call the special snowflake syndrome?Istp dad
Estj MomI don't hide it, theres just no reason to bring it up.I think Ixfj could be less extraverted because of their Fe.Holy shit, you're saltyThats actually a pretty funny coincidence

Though its suprising for an Intp to think anger is his source for getting stuff done.Tl;dr

What do the usual tests give you?

Which function do you think you use the most?

Post results from this to help me help you:

http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htmMost likely Infp

Here are some good descriptions of each type to help you narrow it down:

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/117102194082/intj

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/117103171002/infp

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/117104881702/esfp

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/117102829937/isfp

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/117105549657/entpAlways IstjHow much do you know?Doesn't make sense since that is obvious, I'm trying to not waste time giving you information that you already know.Small talk is necessary to get into deeper topicsinsert mbti type and talk about any random subjectTheoretically, yes.Its like an internal database of stored informations/sensations that we use to to tackle everyday problems. When we are presented with completely new experiences, we try to find something in that database the closest thing we can compare it to.

Imagine a library.I'm more than that, thats just one interpreation of Si.
Si and Ne are indeed opposite.I guess so, but that would require to have experienced something similar. If an Si dom doesn't explore, he wouldn't be able to relate fiction things to vivid perceptions easily.Having a good memory doesn't mean you have a good Si.

I don't think that I have a social difficulty.Yes, its definitely not free recall.Never been drunk yethi mirror
Yes with Reverse function stack but not MbtiYet is the important part#WORTHNot enough information to make any conclusions at this point.We are both on most threads too, started to notice you easily*blushes*
Infj function stack=Ni-Fe-Ti-Se

Intj function stack=Ni-Te-Fi-Se

If you can research how these function differ, you can have a better idea.Here you go, upvoted.

Woah there buddy, you went from love to harass?!He said he didn't believe that description.Upvoted for PunYou can still be introverted even with a big social life.Intjs obvMost stereotypical Entj thing to sayI always thought that was the opposite, Entp appear more troll-ish.You can just read any online descriptions to have a good view of them.I disagree, every descriptions I came across was good. Link me a popular online description that you find awful.Except no description says that. You just listed popular stereotypes.I use this http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/117102829937/isfp What do you think of this one?not this shit again, I thought this was about typologyWilliam T. Spears for IstjIf you rank mbti types by tier, you're doing something wrong.Cory-EstpGood shitIf he is in a loop, that won't help. OP have a read of this http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-likeFuck..EntpMbti hasn't changed the way I interact with others at all. You seem to have tried to force Mbti in the real world and suffered because of it.triggeredMy grandfather that died before my birth, talk about family stuff, get to know each other, etc.infjgreat stereotypesIstj are Si dominant in cognitive functions while Istp are Ti dominant. Read about functions to understand the difference.Why are Infps and enfps so insecure about other types hating them?-Honesty
-Justice
-Knowledge
-Wealth
-Solitude
-Happiness
-Power
can't be bothered, only list the one I care for.Going to go with Infp because by statistics, its the most likely.Love doesn't change by type, its how you show it.lmao people downvoting my comment because I didn't list everything. Since you ask so nicely and I am the only Istj on the page atm, I'll add the others. 
Something along the lines of this.

-Honesty -Justice -Knowledge -Wealth -Solitude -Happiness -Power-Freedom-Popularity-Humor-Compassion-Creativity-Adventure-FaithTrue, but it shouldn't be all that different in theory since we both use the same function. Istj and Enfj would be more opposite.Haven't read everything, but looks good.I can relate to it as Si dom.you're cuteYe

Ship sailedI'm a Si dom attack helicopter, why must you misgender me?Sometimes with debating someone, I thought the person had beef with me. Not a thinker thing though.Theres not a lot of examples of Istjs online, but the one I known were chill.Theres no such thing as Istj values. Your values are influenced from your upbringing and culture so its unfair to bring the closed minded father stereotype.Instruments, theres a ton of songs on my playlist in foreign language.Well yeah, have you not heard of the snowflake syndrome? People always want to be better than they really are or just be special. If the intuitive label is enough to please them, good for them.Not typed related. She is just intolerant.http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/63/6383e1d7ee2b426aeea43d0113c76f38ae06e3d0b0fc6f1d41c3c46f1eee7477.jpgMaybe you don't, but you can't exclude the possibility that others do.We are not even sure if theres such a thing as mbti type.Loop is when you don't use your auxiliary function. In your case, it would Ne-TeMake them read this: http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/chartsSounds like the beta quadra, but for mbti IxxjI never have nightmares, I don't dream much, but I can renember certain dreams well.http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/chartsWell the test said Estj, but by functions do you still use the same function stack?isfpThe test is good, but people aren't honest with themselves imo.If the theory is correct, it does serve as an excuse in some cases.Yup.All hell breaks looseMy three closest friends are Infp, Enfp, and last one is probably Estp. I all met them in elementary school and stayed friends with them till now. Accurate as far as I know.type tipsOurs is fine.&lt;3

Btw whats up with other type subreddit, the other layout sound horrible. What do you think.nah not all of them, for example the Infp oneI meant the layout, not the content, but I can agree with you.Maybe they are more prone to do that, but if they are mature enough, they can get over it.I heard a lot of people say this too, but I haven't been on the community long enough to confirm.Its not normal because you took it too seriously.I don't really mind the slow activity, it makes it easier to catch up with every threads, and you can really get a good amount of responses for every one of them.I'm guessing she could be sensor and didnt want to feel excluded.I was raised atheist and still am. I am fine this way.And here I am failing at school. What a disgrace to my fellow SJs.I don't really get overwhelmed by it, depends on the person thoughclose to half of my classes I would say, feelsbadmanI guess Te users are efficient, but its difficult to be hard working when you have zero motivation and you're thinking of quitting the program you're in. Usually a lot of introspection over time can help out, reading a lot of mbti sources definitely help.I'm probably a perceiver by this logicJung is commonly known as InfjIstjs are usually butlerSame, its close to 5pm and I haven't eaten yet, rip meStill stereotypes imo, stick to the theoryNoEnfp, pretty sure we are deadMy dad is Ti dom and I think he played a part in developing my strength in that function for me which would be demonstrative in socionic term.I get along with pretty much all typesIn socionics, this is the worst possible match. In real life, anything can work out.Im guessing Ti usersPeople love talking about themselves and this theory makes them feel so specialYou put Estp twiceNot sure if I know any NFJ irl, but I get along with some of them online.Not an expert or anything, but I think from the age of 3-6. I don't have any proof or  strong arguments.You can check with how your inferior function manifest itself or you could look at socionics shadow functionsRead a lot of mbti sourceshttp://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htmYesThe official mbti never recognised functionsInfp is the most popular I heardLook at their inferior function for exampleDefinitely not the best, but its a good watch.Its not.Socionics has different description of the functions, there is subtypes for each type and it also describe how you use all 8 functions. The types aren't described the same way. Socionics also talks about type relations. Those are the main differences.Being type 9, I'm usually a more laid back Istj.Both are goodIsn't that what you are doing right now, sharing your opinion about an issue on a social media.Yeah, I know, I was just having fun with the post I made; nitpicking. I can agree with the OP.Do you fit Istp stereotypes?Why did you put Istp and Estj over Istj-Isfj for physical, we are the dominant sensor, not them. Enfj are more emotional than Infjs. I don't agree with this graphic at all.I think you're confusing Se doms and Si doms, a Se dom will be really hyper aware of his sorrounding while an Si user will research sensations that please him that are usually comfortable and certain routines.Istj: Change is good sometimesI forgot these gave a notification to the OP, nah just lurking and felt like commenting on this one, no worriesSureThis is a really good post, but I think it would have been important to differentiate Ni vs Si as dominant, function loops, inferior grip, and might as well explain every shadown function which is different for example Role si vs role ni, the ignoring function.Got Istj and good, my criticism is that it doesn't explain the good system and doesn't offer any description of the Istj type.I seen an Infj also embarrased by thissome interviews with types found here https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLY3MB2fEubjq3zfwCvSCEVIbuK9hwI8iTTheres sensor hate because a lot of people lack understanding and dont take the time to properly study. Another reason making it easy to hate on sensors is that most people in the community are intuitives. Just dont focus on the negative and move on, every type is being biased against in some way.You have no way to prove how many people are mistyped, I already accepted that intuitives are naturally more inclined to study the theory.1: Some of them are nice, some of them I don't care about like any normal person.

2:I suppose that it would be the way that is the most efficient and brings the least amount of negative repercussions while being viewed as ethical.

3:Really depends on the person, I also can not fully know what is the true opinion of people regarding myself.

4:Pratical usually means higher efficiency, not sure what you mean by "real".

5:My impression is that sensors like theoretical things as much as intuitives, they just approach it in a different way.WikisocionINXP I suppose because of polr se.I dislike it, the descriptions are off especially for SJs and somewhat stereotypical. I also think that it doesnt make sense to put together types that hold no common valued functions. I much prefer socionics quadras.Since it has the biggest effect on function valuing which is the core of how a type works, I would agree.None and all of them, if someone is with people they like or get around to talk about something that is interesting, they can all act in a similar way.Isfp...that is MY type

XDDDnah jk lolThe J/P creates the most difference because it can switch out all the valued functions.Shinji: Infp

Rei: Istj

Asuka: Estj

Kaworu: Infj

Gendo: Intj

Misato: Esfp

Kaji: Entp

Ritsuko: Istj?He fits the stereotype of Infp and general description well, he seems Delta&gt;Gamma. I just dont see any se from the character, hes not able to assert himself at all or confront anyone easily, I can easily associate polr se with him.I personally seen a decent amount of Isfjs on this board.I think she could be Entj, but I think she fits the ST group better than NT, I'm split between delta and gamma and this guy opinion also sounded correct which can be found here: https://zombiesruineverything.com/2014/06/10/mbti-rei-and-asuka-istj-and-estj/. He makes a point that she doesn't use Ni because her job is everything to her and is stuck doing it throughout all the show.

I also do think that using keirsey is a bad method of typing because its a rather arbitrary and leads to false information of the types, mainly SJs as shown just now.http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-rU_5AD5tGlo/VXtSxLfYCGI/AAAAAAAALAQ/1ezHUJosClQ/s640/Screen%2BShot%2B2015-06-12%2Bat%2B5.44.01%2BPM.png

http://www.sociotype.com/images/socionics/Model-A-Grid.jpg

http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/280-Socionics-Information-Elements-Descriptions-by-Functions

They differ in the way his job is orienting towards the future and some kind of grandiose goal that he created himself while Asuka job is just following orders staying in the status quo not asking herself why she should do it that much.Theres still bias here, why should intuitives not be able to get anything done, have you ever met an Entj? Sensors are very well capable of being creative/innovative.Usually comes down to firstly finding correct/accurate sources to get a hold of the theory. Once you understand the theory well, take the time to introspect and try to match the concepts/thoeries with you, this process can take a while.My enfp friend has said a lot of times I have a terrible memory. I personally dont think mine is especially good, just average. That said, si isnt related memory at all.One aspect of Fi that is often forgotten is that it is extremely good at gauging the distance and nature of relationship of people. Its like hyper awareness of how people around personally relate to you.Probably IsfjsNot relatedIm happy for youMbti doesnt cover intertype relationship, the closest thing you have is socionics intertype relationships and those dont have a type that has an edge over others.niceSome traits of Si.

Its about how the physical enviroment personally relates to you and impact you, very impressionistic about the world around them. It will want to deepen their sensory experiences that they deem pleasant and enjoyable so Si users will experience specific things very differently than others because its so subjective about it. It also relates to a high awareness of your body and health, this means that they are able to know if they are feeling well or not, if they are pushing themselves too hard etc. Si users also knows how to create comfort and pleasant sensations for them and others, they are good at minimizing discomfort.



If you click on Isfj or Istj on this subreddit page on the right, it offers great descriptions for each functions they use.Why 40 percent? I seen a few typology communities and I think this one is pretty decent, the more quality threads arent difficult to find and when people say dumb shit, they get called out for it more often than not so they in turn can learn and be better.Dont know most of the types personally, theres only a handful of people I have a general idea of what type they are , at least irl.Thats one of the problems that I think will not change much, the topic of mbti theory doesnt have much news going on so pretty much every topic will be renewed for it at one point. Anyway don't worry, I do see your point and where youre coming from.A wise man told me I was Isfp so I believed him, it must be true.Its not because of the people, its because the theory itself is bad and spreads false information through description and definition.kekI thought inferior function meant shadows functions, well I guess that one isnt too badstop being an intpA lot of people talk about themselves a lot, its a common issue and its in no way related to being Estj. That said, you could still come up to him in a respectful way and have a talk about the problem in order to resolve it.Yeah mistypes happen all the time.
I am excited to see this written (!), though I am still somewhat conflicted about the description of Si. [Edit to add: Less about what you specifically say here, because for the most part, you aren't specific to the senses in what you describe. Just that it doesn't convey what could be beyond the senses in a way that feels complete. -- A tiny edit to the edit to note that I do not mean to shit on your description! I am excited that you wrote it, and I respect your opinion on MBTI stuff! Hence why I am wanting a description that's... I dunno. "Boom!" -- if that makes sense as an adjective for a description.]

With everything serving Si, and Si being limited to the physical world, it isn't a wonder people come away thinking ISTJs need someone to think for them. I won't deny that I can use Te to serve as an extremely good tactician when it comes to how to orchestrate pizza going into my face, but -- whether out of delusion or not -- I also like to believe my Te is put to more use than making my ass comfortable :/

For instance, part of where I see Si in myself is that I work very well when I have a 4-5 models for how something has been done. Not just one, but a few, so I can see the consistencies between them and create my own in accordance with that model. It isn't a conscious evaluation, it is more like I am coming to a sense for how that report is written, or how people talk in this setting, or how people write about that topic. Is a symbolic, modeling, pared-down-to-principles perception of how things are. I wonder if sensing might be "actuality" and intuition might be "possibilities," without "actuality" (or sensing) necessarily always having to be something concrete, that you can weigh, taste, or feel on your skin.

I think a lot of people already associate Si with the base senses -- taste, smell, touch -- and come away with ISTJs chewing cud and being able to pull a plow when harnessed to it by a master they trust. But I also think there is something missing in that, something that allows and feeds the stereotypes about sensors being dumb but effective, and intuitives being brilliant and "a little weird" (but we all like that better anyways). That is the view that I don't see articulated. [Companion edit to the first: I don't see the "ISTJs chew cud" described here, either, I just don't see it dispelled, either. More in a separate paragraph below*.] Te might give us a worker-bee quality, and then Si just makes us unambitious and creatures of habit. So not only is Te already seen as utilitarian at the expense of intellect/logic sometimes, but with the "must have familiarity" bit, ISTJs are like little robots programmed to do That One Thing.

[What I am really wanting -- 98% selfishly (with the other 2% for my ISTJ kin) -- is an ISTJ description that is *impressive*. That actually would make someone *want* to be an ISTJ, versus just abstractly acknowledging that "those people" can be valuable. I wouldn't necessarily read this and resonate with it in the way that I feel people can resonate with the complimentary descriptions of other types, not enough to actually recognize myself in it. I can recognize it in myself since it was pointed out by others, but I am missing descriptions that would have made me seen it before it was pointed out. Ones that wouldn't paint ISTJs as someone interchangeable in form, but available in different colors/themes. "We got the ISTJs for you! The Fishing ISTJ! The Car-Loving ISTJ! The Clock-Making ISTJ! Different flavors, but that same rigid, unchanging reliability that you've grown to love!"

Elaboration (I'm in a bit of a chatty mood I guess) -- if I picture the Clock-Making ISTJ, I can immediately picture everything. They make really fucking good clocks and it takes them forever. And they're serious, and a little neurotic and pedantic about it, and people get bored when they talk about clocks which they do all the time, but deep down there's that lovable investment in their craft that makes them a little persnickity but a little vulnerable in a way that's relatable and human. The Clock Making ENTP though... who the fuck knows what they're going to create? Something amazing! You don't know how they approach clocks, what they do, but it's something unpredictable and valuable, and unlike their Clock-Making ENTP cousin down the block.]&gt;As an ENTP, when I hear things that are illogical to my Ti thought pattern, I'll immediately be opposed to them or approach them with reserved attitude.

This is an interesting notion. So perhaps ENTPs are more conservative about judgments and what gets accepted as logical reality, but more open to the possible states and configurations of the world?

Meanwhile, ISTJs might be a little more open and flexible about what judgments and arguments can be accepted as valid, but will be much more conservative about what kinds of configurations the world can take? "Uh, no, you can't have your bed in the living room because people just don't do that. It just isn't done. You just can't. No." But being a little more open to arguments, since they don't have the preconceived Ti logic to reject someone's logical assertion.

Of course, this would get all mixed up in that most judgments are made about the world and its many present, past, and potential configurations -- but there would be this subtle difference between what things each type is more or less open-minded to.A separate note to apologize for getting so ranty about it! Part of it is because of stuff like [this](http://waitbutwhy.com/2016/06/myers-briggs-wbw-vs-us.html), which I saw just as I was leaving this post. 

Apparently around 38% of readers of Wait But Why answer that they are INTxs. This is celebrated and understood by the estimable author and the many people who comment because *of course*! NTs are *heady as fuck*. But don't worry, one of the commenters soothes. The MBTI isn't a ranking system. It is just that some of us like *basic information* and some of us *add meaning and interpretation*.

Part of my frustration is knowing that I would have been among the people jumping in and saying, "Yes! I am one of you! I am INTP!" because that is what I am consistently assigned on tests. :/ But if I am really ISTJ, what is that saying about the tests, the people who self label as NTs, the entire environment and culture that *understands* and *interprets* NTs? (And likewise for other types.) Only 18.7% of his entire readership identified as a sensing type. How much of that is true nature (and if it is, what exactly about it makes it so expected), and how much is just misunderstandings about N = "smart and ideas," and S = "does stuff like in the kitchen (?) or like sports (ew) I fell asleep while answering this question please don't make me continue"?

[Edit to add: As my brain revisits it, I think I am for sure still an asshole ha. I really don't mean to be a dick -- I am flattered that I had any influence on your deciding to write this. Even if after this, you'll reconsider and find more grateful/less shitty and hypercritical/ranty people to listen to when deciding what to write... :c ]&gt;I definitely see where you're coming from.

Cue relief that your dominant response was not, "Um, I wrote this because you wanted ISTJ shit. Fuck you, dude." :P Is it hypocritical at this juncture to have thinking-type pride?

&gt;numero uno noumenon

Going to be saying noumenon for a while now, thank you. :) Though I like your stuff. The next thing to enter my mind, and I'll just go with it, is, "If it is bullcrap, then let it not be doubted that this bullcrap comes from a most impressive and virile bull."

&gt;What I think it is, and what I did soooorta emphasize and glorify here, is the artistic/aesthetic aspect (while also downplaying the "refers to the past" angle, which I actually thought was a great bummer previously).

Yeah, that is a good point actually. There is a kind of artistic and personal flair to Si that I appreciate more now that I look for it. Like not everyone is incredibly obsessed with different forms of lighting? Seriously? I suppose, since I do not personally identify as an artist, I kind of glossed that over or missed it because it wasn't how *I* want to be impressive, but it is something not often said or recognized about ISxJs, and you deserve some credit for recognizing it and putting it out there :)

&gt;About Si being beyond the senses, that would be a pretty big reevaluation of my understanding (apart from my current understanding that it involves the whole of the unconscious)...

Maybe not beyond the senses, but maybe instead we could think about what the senses *are*? And what they are not? And how does that tie into intuition (and what it is and is not)? If intuition is everything that is not senses, that almost doesn't make sense -- except that you mean that it is describing stuff that isn't being *actively* sensed right now. But then, neither is Si, right? It is a model of what has been sensed, just like Ne uses what has been sensed when it images what *could* be perceived.

I definitely agree with you that it becomes *incredibly* easy to mix the perceiving and judging functions. For instance, to say that someone notices the environment and the properties of the objects within it -- I think that is still safely Se, but gosh, you throw a stray word in there and you start to describe Te. Se might know what objects are capable of, Te might make logical judgments about which are best suited for the job. Se probably doesn't know consciously -- it knows in a bodily way. If it wants to hit you with some heavy shit, it feels and grabs the heavy shit and hits you with it. Whereas Te would be the one to look at it and think, "That would logically make a good weapon." Perhaps? 

I'm not even entirely sure on that -- the distinction between Te and Se gets me knotted up pretty quick. I don't understand Se incredibly well and am probably committing the same sin of underestimating it as I am railing against, huh?

But this is part of where I want to describe sensing as not *senses* but as what is: real; present; existing; actual, and intuition as what is: unreal or not yet real; absent; possible; potential.  Or, said somewhat differently, sensing *is* the senses, but it is *all* of the conceivable senses. (But so are the products of intuition, unless we *do* define intuition as mental activity. And maybe that made more sense to do in an era where much of the world was tangible objects that were acted upon, versus all of the digital information and media that is out there.)

For instance, when I get a sense for how a report is written and how people use the language, there is some part of me that is sensing word structure and subtle rules of grammar that I couldn't begin to tell you in words or even notice myself noticing. When I learned to spell at a decently young age, part of that was from a very basic sense of phonetics, and how sounds were connecting together with typical patterns of letters, even though the patterns weren't always consistent. You can get a sense for whether something is formal or informal when you read it, and some of that is from an internal model of what formal and informal speech looks and sounds like. How much of those can fit into senses and/or is there anywhere else they'd fit into the MBTI? Not necessarily the judgment that something is formal, but the perception that makes that judgment possible.

&gt;In my defense, woe is the ENTP who reads an ENTP description if I ever write one!

This was something I was considering too, and almost wrote except that I was on maybe my fourth edit, ha. But yeah... it might be that maybe the MBTI shouldn't describe more than this, and the fact that it does, and ties even more into it... maybe that is the exaggeration of some types as good, just as much or more than it is about exaggerating some types as typical or bland.

And certainly some of it is my own sensitivities, because I can't think of how you describe Ne, and its imaginative, possibility-envisioning, divergent nature without making it sound complimentary, which could just be my own hang-ups about my inferior. Aw, thank you :) I appreciate the validation, and I'm glad it makes sense to another STJ as well!&gt;similar in character to Spirited Away

*That's* where I had seen the sketches that came up when I searched Studio Ghibli!

I think I know what you're getting at though. Just like any introverted function, there is a principled nature to Si, that allows it to impact others at a fundamental level. Just like the clean and efficient logic of Ti is consistent and convincing when used well, Si can model certain qualities of the environment and senses that create in others the kinds of sensations they're aiming for.

So the Eastern kind of art can give you -- in the most spare strokes -- the sense of stillness, or of a gentle breeze, or of an ominous setting with doom hanging over your head and sending prickes up and down your spine. I think you could probably describe any of the introverted functions as having a kind of art to them, but Si has that sensory impact, yes?

So then... what is it that gives sensing an equal footing in the MBTI world without changing the definition? I wonder if it is some of that nonverbal sensing, or... maybe "composite" sensing? It isn't just the brute fact of sight and sound and garlic tasting amazing when paired with just about anything that isn't chocolate or sweet. It is the full depth and synthesis of sensing. The shivers up your spine when you feel like you're in danger but can't quite place why. Or the humming sense of pleasure when you're listening to a song or seeing something that inspires a sense of wonder.

Perhaps even the perception of emotion (as distinct from the *judgment* given by feeling)?

And in my experience, information can take a kind of felt quality. Part of how I reason is when things feel the same. Not on the logic implied by the words but by the tone and scope. For instance, part of my sense about Si is just that the descriptions do not inspire the same depth, clarity, unification, or wonder as the descriptions of Ni. Just like descriptions of Fi do not inspire the same sense of nuance, universality, applicability, wisdom, insight, and clarity as descriptions of Ti.

Now, it isn't logical. But it is its own kind of logic, if you're in a system that is, by nature, built on various symmetries in the system. If this doesn't feel or seem like the piece it mirrors, then there is something malformed about one or both.

&gt;IMO I think the latter follows causally from the sense-perception angle.

Indeed, it is just that the possibility and potential of intuition is not recognized for having some reliance on the senses. It is like saying that sensing is words, and intuition is cool shit *using* words. Intuition is like a special and augmented version of sensing. Michael Pierce notes this and disagrees, but I don't know that I ever came away with a compelling sense of Si as a discrete function; Pierce uses axes more heavily and I'm interested right now in getting at Si, and sensing.

Maybe we can get around to it with describing intuiton? For instance, does the ENTP clock maker, when envisioning how the gears in his traditional clock could also serve a dual function of grinding coffee grounds for a single-cup of brewed coffee to serve as the alarm... ([apparently an actual thing](http://www.newser.com/story/225948/finally-an-alarm-clock-thats-good-for-something-coffee.html), sans coffee grinding)... is that intuition? And if so, it depends on having experienced clocks, knowing what clocks can do, and applying the principle of time-keeping to time-regulated activities like coffee in the morning. It takes a lot of abstractions off of the tangible reality of the clock, but it begins with the idea of the clock, and takes apart its principles and uses those to launch in different directions. Perhaps Si is made up of those principles? Not just the *expressly* physical principles (e.g., that numbers are displayed), but the conceptual principles of actual clocks (e.g., the principle of keeping time)?

The principle of keeping time, as a concept, does not require that a judgment be made about whether that is a good, logical, or desireable thing, so I don't think it encroaches on thinking or feeling, right? And while it borrows from what is traditionally seen as intuitions domain (a concept that cannot be measured or smelled), it is still a static principle that expresses a real function of mutliple real objects in the environment. It is not the launching off and abstracting in a new direction -- it is the launching pad. For Si to be able to launch Ne into different directions, Si has to provide a foundation of what is real. If that is not necessary for Ne, then it is not balanced that Ne both draws on sensed reality *and* also abstracts principles *and*, furthermore, *innovates* on those abstracted principles. That's a *lot* more than what Si gets described as doing. And yet Ni is not described as similarly handicapped for being introverted, so there isn't symmetry.

Just like Ni, in order to make projections about what could come to pass, has to have an idea of what *is*, right now and in the moment. It has to have an idea of how things are related, and the principles of how they impact each other, in order to synthesize all of those lines of possibility into a hunch for how things might develop, or what kind of unified meaning can be extracted from those experiences. If Se doesn't also use some of these basic principles of causality, and is limited to exactly what is here now (and thank goodness they have Ji because otherwise how would they think)... then Ni gets to not only have that foundation of what is real and present, but it gets to abstract immediate lines of causality, *and* combine and synthesize them into a possible path of development.

I'm rambling though. I guess I do like the axis-based descriptions. They tie together *why* there is a symmetry in the function descriptions. We all have to deal with reality *and* possibilities. Ne needs to use the principles of reality given by Si in order to innovate. Se needs to use the principles of causality given by Ni in order to act. Si needs to be able to recognize the multiple possibilities for how things manifest in the world in order to extract principles of reality, and Ni needs to be able to recognize the multiple objects in the present reality in order to project them into the future. Of course, each type has a heavier emphasis on one or the other -- Si may neglect to recognize a very unfamiliar clock as still being a clock -- and thereby fuel for its understanding of the reality of clocks. Just like Ne may neglect to ground itself sufficiently on principles of reality, like recognizing that while a certain metal is very wonderful for a given use, it is also wildly expensive and thereby not a good ingredient for any project if it is required to be used in bulk.

Let me know if I am terribly wrong, though :)

&gt;I tried! I said, "[the hunches] may be varied in their plausibility", which basically means they're 70% stupid.

I thought you were also partly incorporating that it was in an inferior position, and thus less likely to be successful or nuanced in its use or product. Whoops! Though even 30% perceptive and brilliant beats 100% predictable D: But yes, I didn't realize you weren't also commenting on the Si-dom's lack of skill with Ne, my bad!

You mentioned that you are fascinated by Si -- why? What fascinates you about it? It never fascinated me, but I suppose people's lead functions often *don't* fascinate them. Is it the products of Si and/or their impact on you? ...Or?

Final note...

&gt;^I'm not a fucking weaboo

But you *are* someone who knows the *word* weaboo. :}&gt;Wow, in my current state of exhaustion, I gotta say that was an adventure and a half.

See -- who said the internet can't be an exciting adventure? :P

&gt;to my chagrin I totes left out anything to do with the collective unconscious

I have heard you write about it before, and I think it is a concept that I can wrap my mind around. I don't know so much about the more esoteric mechanisms suggested, but I can definitely agree that as a species, we are all exposed to similar conflicts and experiences in the world, which we face with similar capacities for perception and action, and similar evolutionary/instinctual backgrounds -- it makes sense that that would create a kind of underlying foundational psyche of symbols and images that are powerful and shared for all humans, which each individual would have varying access to depending on their unique experiences (which, in the scope of things, will be a very minor variation in the context of how similar they are to other humans, and how dissimilar they are to other living creatures). Is that a fair take on it?

&gt;the impact on others seems unintentional

And yes, I would say that the introverted function isn't seeking to impact others, of course. (Hence why people who need others to also take up their cause seem unlikely to be Fi-driven individuals...) At the same time, if the individual is sufficiently experienced, their introverted function will have gotten at some powerful principles that will inherently have a lot of leverage when they're applied. They won't need to try hard in order to influence someone, if/when their introverted function actually gets into contact with (or extracts/formulates/perceives/arrives at) one of the most essential and powerful symbols/principles of that domain. Yes?

&gt;I think sensation is truly, literally sensation, and intuition is hunches that don't really bleed over to the world of ideas and concepts except superficially

Hm... So in some ways, I see myself as trying to draw more romance into Si in order to elevate it to how intuitive functions are described in the literature. Your approach suggests (not in a bad way) that this might be misguided. Perhaps, instead, the intuitive functions need to be more cleanly distinguished from all the fluff and drama that has been attached to them?

Could you define hunches then? How are hunches not ideas, interpretations, and other kinds of mental activity that are more valued than sensing. (After all, humankind's ability to consider possibilities that are not immediate or obvious, and their ability to consider multiple possibilities for the future... those are often cited as major abilities that distinguish us from other animals in the way that cheetash are distinguished by their speed.)

I kind of see something of what you're getting at though, in terms of intuition still being a perceiving function. In a way, it should be as basic and straightforward as seeing an object in front of you. It doesn't necessarily mean the person has good taste, it is just a basic perception.

What about distinguishing Si and Ni? Ni would go beyond a simple hunch about the immediate moment -- and Si also is not directly perceiving the object, but is perceiving what the object stimulates in them. So both are somewhat removed from the immediate object... what would the Si be comapred to the Ni?

&gt;Imagine how we feel about the depths of the ocean or the vastness of space; totally huge and unknown. But our brains and minds are soooooo complex, it's as though we're each holding one such universe within us, in our unconscious, and Si is a function that gives us a glimpse into that deep dark abyss.

Huh, I don't know that I ever would have thought about it that way! How does Si give us access to that abyss any better than any of the other functions though? I am imagining a sinking into reality as you know it? Like accessing a dream, where you get to explore your own perceptions and understandings of the world in a visceral manner. Something like that? Or thinking of the ocean... If Ne is the boat you are captaining, and it carries you on the surface of reality, where you perceive the immediately emergent possibilities around you (which are varying amounts of probable, sensible, etc.), Si would be jumping into the ocean and perceiving all of the assumptions and depths of reality that you normally don't see into. It has supported you, but at the same time, it can be impenetrable if you are disconnected from Si. You see above it -- and when Ne is well-honed, you see the surface, where possibility is most closely met with a strong foundation of reality. But you're not getting into the reality itself, just where reality can be built upon. ...Yes?

This would be where I would try to make an excuse about how 2am redditing makes for long-winded, rambling posts... But if I'm honest with both you and myself, long and rambling is pretty much my base setting. :P&gt;Basically both of the functions are a focus on what it feels like to have an experience, instead of the experience itself. 

I like this point -- it is an interesting way of putting it that I don't recall seeing before. :)

&gt;A lot of people ascribe any kind of "shapeshifting" that occurs mentally to Ne, where in reality a large amount of that can be demonstrated through Si.

Yes! I've always thought Si was a good function for analogies and similies -- because when you have a felt sense you are going through, you can go inside and find other things that evoke the same qualities that you are aiming to communicate. Bam, analogy time!

Also, I like how you handled the emerging potential for conflict by tangenting straight to absurdity :P Though wow, not everyone has that sense of humor, eh?The corners of your mouth aren't pointing down anymore! Must have been a good day! :POoooh yes. I like this. It raises the question -- which is the rarest in an MBTI community? The statistically rarest types (i.e., NJs)... or correctly typed SJs? Because, of *course*, being the most rare means being Most Speshul.Okay, counter-argument for fun: 

&gt;So that means sensors feel natural, they know other people who think like them

Consider that we're in a system that includes *sixteen* types. Even the most prevalent types are cited to be at most 13-15% of the population. Meaning *most* people will find that *most others* are different from their mode of thinking in one way or another.

And... since sensors dig on that real-world data, perhaps sensors would be *more* likely to be interested in a typing system because they're going to actually notice that other people are different from them -- unlike intuitives, who will be too far up their own butts to notice. ;)

I am not saying that seriously (insulting intuitives, or trying to be a dick, or be mean to you), in case the winky face is not enough to make that clear. It's like a teasing way of making the point that you can use those over-played stereotypes (that sensors are so typical and normal, and intuitives are so weird and interesting, or that sensors only look at what is in front of their faces, while intuitives *think* and *theorize*) to spin just about any argument you want to.

Consider for a moment, that with:

&gt;I still think that intuitives are more likely to be interested in a self discovering theory like MBTI than sensors.

...you are making the broad assertion that sensors are less likely to be interested in knowing themselves than intuitives. Why? Because duh, they should have themselves figured out because dey some basic bitches and bros, right?

There are a lot of negative and incorrect stereotypes about intuitives being smarter, more interesting, more complex, more creative, more unusual, more special, more unique... The irony is that these stereotypes both fuel mistypings (where intelligent people identify as intuitives because the descriptions make sensors sound stupid and plain, and because tests equate any kind of thinking or liking to read or using your brain with intuition), *and* fuel the massive butthurt that goes along with *any* suggestion that someone might be a sensor, like it is a huge insult. (That's about how I reacted when I was first told I typed as ISTJ. Online descriptions didn't help.)

If these stereotypes *weren't* such a problem in the community, then people would probably be a lot less likely to get so worked up about having a type suggested to them that they don't agree with. After all, if I said, "You are a blonde!" and your hair was actually a shade that you identified as more brown, you'd probably just either tell me, "Eh, it's actually brown I think," or write me off. Because hair color is a pretty neutral topic. But when people get really invested in *definitely not being a sensor for suresies that is the one thing I am most positive about*, they're like a walking piece of evidence for the bias against sensors in the community.What an oddly philosophical reminder.&gt;than these functions with double standards

Weren't you just saying that you thought people are very different from how they come across?

That said, I agree with your sentiment that if you are an intuitive type, you use intuition more than a sensing type. However, there are a lot of misunderstandings about what intuition actually *is*.

Also, I think it *can* be said that a sensor might use intuition more *skillfully* or more *intentionally* than an intuitive. Partly because it will be more visible to them as a tool -- something they aren't engaging in all of the time. Something that they develop and use on purpose, instead of compulsively. Those things that we do *all the time* are things that we probably do crappily just as often as we do them well.

Just like how some of the hardest, coldest people can express compassion and intimacy in a way that is more skilled than the average sympathizing of a warm and friendly person. Because the colder, more reserved person has had to work to develop the ability to express that compassion -- they're not just relying on instincts and natural skill. Or how someone who has an average IQ can achieve a mastery of a topic that goes beyond the higher-IQ individual, because they work for it, whereas the higher-IQ individual is just resting on their ass and leaning on their ability to absorb things quickly (and, often, forget them just as fast). I like this -- this is an interesting perspective! I am not sure I entirely can apply it or understand it though.

Can you say more about what a Ne-dom perceives? If sensing is the literal senses, I am trying to imagine what going through the world as a Ne-dom is like. I have definitely experienced my mind -- when I am really excited -- connecting ideas across gaps in information (and sometimes going off the rails and into the bushes and then Te ruthlessly slays the rabid idea and then, dry-eyed, walks away, secure in the knowledge it had to be done). Most of the time, it doesn't get away from Te that far.

But what you've written... I am picturing Ne-doms as being really near-sighted and needing a pair of glasses. :P Tell me what you think of this interpretation -- would it be safe to say that while Ne-doms can perceive the world around them in a sensory way (because they have to), the Ne-dom doesn't extract principles of what they're seeing? That is, the artist Ne can see this specific lighting, and might go off across gaps of information to imagine how that lighting might be used to evoke a mood in their picture, or convey information, or how that lighting recreated in a specific art medium, or might think about how color psychology ties into the particular shades of light in that lighting, and also the objects in the room, and... (so on).

Whereas the Si-dom might be more likely to notice more concrete principles that tie into lighting, such as how bright or soft it is, the angle it's at, whether the source is or is not visible, whether it illuminates the whole scene or only part of it, how much contrast there is between highlights and shadows, how saturated the colors are, what hues the colors fall into, whether they are primary colors or more muddled/secondary colors....

The Ne-dom is connecting the dots to understand how this specific lighting right here could be used, recreated, interpreted... but at the same time, it doesn't always have the full breadth of variables as they relate to lighting, and so in some ways, its exploration and hunches are not able to be fully informed by those principles. They might be liking how the light strikes the table, but they're not even considering other aspects of the scene that struck them, because they're already off and perceiving the possibilities that relate to that specific example of lighting..? 

Whereas the Si-dom might be more likely to master principles of how different lighting conveys different moods, relationships, etc. in an art theory kind of way... but because they have those principles so close to hand, they might miss out on the odd (but effective) triangle that the Ne-dom got to when they used light in a way that *no one* usually does, because *principles*... but in a way that still somehow worked? Hence why the Ne-dom can still be innovative... it is like they're missing the principles, and in many ways, that can be handicapping. But at the same time, they're not burdened by the principles, so there is that wilder, smaller percentage of times where it actually works. And then Si-doms get into a tizzy and identify the principles of how it worked, and marvel, and what-not :P

And of course, in a perfect marriage of these functions, they work together. So if I am brainstorming, one of the methods I use is to think of all the variables and how I might change them. Usually I don't have to go at length through each one -- ideas will start flowing as I move through a few. But if I was trying to make a piece of art (as a non-artist, I should add as a disclaimer), I would be thinking... should the POV be higher, on the same level, from below? From behind one or the other of the participants? What would those do in terms of the viewer's relationship to the work, and in terms of whether they feel involved in the scene, or distantly observing, or whether they empathize with one or the other participants. I look into all the possible meanings each variation could have, I suppose. I imagine the Ne-dom would likewise be even better able to find solid triangles of innovation if they were able to seize on the stimulus, and identify all of its unique qualities, each of which can be a launching pad for ideas.

I dunno -- does this jive with what you understand/think?&gt;We also entertain better dose of 'judgement' over Ne conjured reality - as in we know after some time that Ne is not real just probable real, something that not as easy for ISXJs when their inferior is acting up.

This is a good and interesting point. :) And it reminds me of a question I forgot to ask in my other reply -- do you have any romantic notions towards Si? I think it is probably harder to romanticize a function that isn't often painted in lingerie, and that -- as introverted perceiving -- is hard to observe in action. But I am nonetheless curious what your feelings or thoughts or reaction to Si is, as a Ne-dom. If Ne is kind of "eh," is Si attractive in any way?

Also, you mention Ne-doms having a better judgment over their Ne than Si-doms... which makes me wonder... would the converse be true? Would Si-doms exercise better judgment over their Si than Ne-doms do? And what would that mean or look like?

Although in some ways, I guess I can remember answers from reading about people in the grip of their inferior. Where the Si-dom is noticing *actual* principles of reality, through experience, and has a notion of what is real and what is not (even if it lacks awareness as to how romanticized and embellished those impressions are) -- the Ne-dom, when it does make generalizations about the universe, it can generalize negative aspects as if they are a core principle of reality itself. "I will always be poor and not have enough money to do the things I love. This is going to be *forever and ever* because it is a unending factual principle of the world! D:" Whereas the Si-dom in the grips of Ne is like, "Anything at all can happen right now and the vast majority of those things could kill me or render live not worth living! D:" &gt;I've never met an ISTJ who enjoys analyzing in a similar way

:( (*fixes with a long, forlorn stare*)

For what it is worth, I do explore as well, but I suppose it probably is more NFP-ish. I have theorized, when younger, about how spirituality or magic might work, taken as "real." Though it evolved into challenging the logic. "Okay, red candles do this, blue candles do that, but *what about blue candles that are coated in red*?"

Nowadays, it is more like exploring whether it makes sense to assign value to spiritual practices, and if so, why? And does that movement that is aiming to abolish this word, or change this language, or reframe this issue make sense, and is it a valuable movement? Is it practical? The musings always do get checked by Te, but there is exploration! Though the end judgment is something I am not inclined to share with others unless I can put it into defensible Te-based terms. A lot of stuff that involves that exploration is stuff I still get muddled with.

For instance, the idea of accommodating diverse ways of identifying and being, and the idea of mandating that accommodation (either through law or through public shaming)... I think people should be intrinsically valued, and yet I also believe that people have a right to a certain degree of behavioral and intellectual freedom. But they can't expect to be shielded from the consequences of that free action, whether social, or otherwise -- right? But is it a fair consequence if an accidental misstep leads to a shaming that is way out of proportion to the act? But can we allow people to engage in behaviors -- even if missteps -- that damage and degrade a group of people who are already victimized? But can we live in a society dictated by the sensitivities of everyone?

I just end up going around and around -- and it is comfortable and fine to be in that state of discombobulation in my head, but if I am going to share it with someone, I want it to be defensible and more solid than that, versus some tangled mess of questions, where each answer seems to imply a value judgment that necessitates a follow-up challenge.&gt;entp sub is close to entps not getting visible cues from environment they're crossing the line

&gt;My ISTJ SO view of me when I don't remember to uphold to his Fi justice system

This makes me think of when someone is fucking with a cat for fun (e.g., "I grab your paw!" game), and they push it too far and get bit! As someone who does that not-infrequently with my own cat, I know there is no malicious intent, but there isn't really any positive intent either. It is done without real personal regard or respect for the cat, or the inherent and repeated violation of the cat's boundaries. And little paw grabs are not the worst thing ever, but at the same time, if I did get bit, I would be thinking, "...yeah, that was totally called for. I deserved that one. Dangit I can be an asshole sometimes. Poor cat, having to put up with me."

Does this seem at all what it feels like when you accidentally cross a line and get a negative reaction? Like you were just playing and weren't really giving that much thought to it but then all the sudden, you get bit, and it is only later (or with experience) that you can notice that oh... well, yes, the ears were going back... and the tail was starting to twitch in an annoyed way...? But the signs are subtle, because Fi is more private and less social about expressing its value judgments and responses than Fe. 

And of course, if you didn't have a lot of experience with cats, you might not see the signs at all (or even realize how cats work) and all the sudden you're getting all the shit bit out of you when you thought you were petting the cat nicely -- because you didn't pick up the signs that the cat was overstimulated, and so you're like "goddamnit, fuck all the cats ever, what did I do to deserve that??"?

-----

I really liked it over in /r/entp, and wasn't often bothered by the folk there, because I knew that everyone there was as well-meaning as myself. The only time I can imagine really moving towards offense would be if something was persistently treated in a careless and playful way, without any regard for the other person playing along or consenting, to the extent that real harm was potentially being done. And then being like, "gosh, sorry you got your feelings hurt, I didn't mean anything of it!" as if it was an actual mistake or surprise (rather than a disregard for the displayed signs). Though if someone was too reactionary and immature, it was different. This was more like treating something that... was... reasonable-seeming...? (Okay, I guess it probably boiled down to a subjective judgment of when it was reasonable for them to get upset, versus when they were being a ridiculous turd that was asking for a bit of trolling.)

For instance, I think there can be a way of fucking around with an idea, person, or discussion, that actively disrespects the seriousness with which they're treating it, and then belittles their very unsurprising response. Like running up and play-smacking a visibly growling and upset dog and then getting mad when they get bit. It is less about the actual act/misstep, and more about the mindless/careless/disrespecting play, that plays with you as a social object, rather than playing with you as an interactive partner.

And it isn't that there is any special treatment being requested. It is more like how everyone -- even though no one is special -- has a right not to be physically violated or groped randomly. You wouldn't grab someone's breast or package and then, if they got mad, say "Hey, you're no one special. Calm down. I do this with anyone and everyone, why should you be the exception?" I think Fi might be more likely to see those value judgments in a similar way. Like it is great if people play around, but there are some things you need permission to go trampling on. Just because y'all grope each other randomly doesn't mean that by walking into this room, I should de facto expect and be okay with being groped. (I suppose with Fi higher in the stack though, there can be a sense of wanting these rights to be expected even in settings where they are explicitly challenged -- like a metaphorical Fi-dom/aux going into a snuggle party and then becoming upset when asked to snuggle because they don't want their rights violated. There has to be some understanding of different expectations and cultures in different settings.)

Just got to rambling, whoops. I think deep down, a part of me was like, "ISTJs are reasonable, we do not have an inscrutable Fi justice system, we have perfectly reasonable and logical expectations of the world!" :P...I am strangely enthralled by the potential utility of the flair now. You could copy all the various symbols and special letters that you use on a semi-frequent basis... Go hunting for a less than or equal to sign? Never again!This is incredibly helpful, and definitely gets at answering my question, thank you!

&gt;So Si is not senses as they go (you may be more blind to it) but distilled quality - it's subjective compressed essence of reality perception. Like signifier of reality, it's not exact but it's very raw due to it's upped fidelity.

I was definitely aware of Si as a condensing, principles-of-reality kind of function. But imagining Ne's perception-without-data-points was not parsing well for me. However, it was very useful to hear you describe how Si, and how it might be romanticized or experienced by a Ne-dom. 

I really like how you describe it as raw and high-fidelity. Most descriptions of Si make it sound like the faded pictures in an antiquated album -- a kind of washed out, pastel kind of perception. If anything, what you're describing is almost like the Si distilling all experiences of red into the most high-fidelity red imaginable. Or distilling the scent of a flower into its most pure fragrance, or the feeling after the loss of a relationship into a pure sense of sorrow, nostalgia, and all the other things that go with it. I don't know that I have ever seen Si described as striking, let alone *that* striking!

So then... does this fit/make sense? Si -- where it has experience -- perceives a very raw, high-fidelity sense of the essences of those experiences, places, and processes. Of course, where it has no experience or learning, it can only tell that it lacks that detail. (At least from what I've felt, there is a kind of impenetrable, mysterious, and potentially spooky quality to something I have no experience with -- I'll be aware I know nothing, and I'll have stylized, grandiose impressions that are drawn from various sources. The mystery never gets imagined as mundane.) So a Si-dom, upon parenting, gets a very clear and essential sense of what parenting is like, with many levels and areas of detail.

Ne, more independently of experience, perceives how things are connected on broader scales. It has the big picture of parenting (the act of adult humans providing for and teaching skills to a younger human so that it can be successful as an adult human), and also how that connects to functions in the society (e.g., schooling, law, culture, etc.), but it is the sketch. Parenting -- even where the Ne-dom has experience -- may have some raw experiences or details, but is largely experienced as a more-or-less vague concept.. and the connections are loose. Like a map, there is the sense that this is somewhat north of there, and maybe a little west or east... or maybe 5 miles or even 50 miles... but there-ish. (So it is not necessarily exact, but it isn't uninformed or useless, either.)

Si can get lost in the details, and is unsettled by the gaps in its experience and awareness (because without those, it has no map), and it craves the kind of big picture that Ne has. At the same time, it overestimates the resolution of Ne's map -- it assumes Ne has all the detail that it does in *all* the areas of the map, and can perceive grand connections *and* support them with the nuance and detail that Si experiences (but takes for granted).

And Ne can get lost in the abstractions and big picture, and can be unsettled by a feeling of being unmoored or of the map being intangible/malleable, and it craves the kind of resolution, depth, and texture that Si has in the domains where it has experiences. At the same time... does it overestimate Si? Perhaps overestimating how well those details are synthesized at broader, more macro levels? (Of course, Je helps organize and add structure, but it is not a perception of the big picture in the way that Ne would be.) Or...?

Does that seem more fair and balanced, or am I still romanticizing it? :P I want to try to get to where I can describe both Ne and Si, both as virtuous on their own, both in terms of being romanticized by the other, and finally, their synergy and inter-dependence.

----

Another "attempting to draw it together" analogy

If Ne and Si were each expressed as a drawing of a person, Ne would provide early and well-informed sketches that wouldn't be accurate in all their details, but would be a generally perceptive organization of how the human body would look in that position. Without Si at all (which is never going to be true), it is almost stranded at that level, desperately wanting to zoom in and experience and see the raw details of that person.

Meanwhile, depending on the individual, Si might be able to draw the details of how the hair is lit by the sun, and how it falls over their shoulders, and how it would look if gently stirred by a breeze, or if someone's hand were running through it. There is an essence of the flowingness of hair, and the texture and nature of hair in motion, at rest, lit or in shadow, etc that Si grasps. But at an extreme (without any Ne, again never actually the case) -- the Si-dom struggles to compensate for areas where it does not have experience.

If you take a running person, Ne would be able to place the hands and feet of a running person in roughly the right zones of the picture -- even if it could not draw the legs and arms. Si, without any Ne, might be able to draw the hands and feet in detail, but might struggle with where they would be in space, if it cannot envision the legs and arms in any level of detail.

Hopefully that is getting closer, without going too far with either?&gt;Like it'll be less fun if you do your wishes, I do mine and we won't do them together?

Hm, I like this way of phrasing it. It jives with some of the quadra stuff I've read, and the sense that Fe wants to come together and share its emotions. Whereas Fi is like, "well, okay, we might share our emotions *eventually*, but let's at least get to know each other, first." I am going into it more here, but definitely getting *much* more broadly into how I understand interactions between Fe and Fi -- and *way* off the topic of the culture at /r/entp! Just as a disclaimer.

That is part of why I chose that example. Not to suggest that the *intent* is to grope someone against their will. More to point to the idea that I think Fe (or at the very least, tert/inf-Fe) does not see that kind of feeling-domain stuff as being quite as *private* as Fi does. So where Fe is just trying to share, be jovial, and come together, Fi is feeling a little molested.

That is where I can see how Fi can be *too* prickly, especially in certain cultural contexts -- like a Ti-Fe culture over at /r/entp. People should not go into a Ti-Fe dominated space and then get wildly butthurt if a Ti-Fe style of interaction is what dominates there. I can totally see that. Though I am sure there are going to be areas where I'll have sensitivities and suddenly lose all sense of humor :) But I suppose there is still an ability to connect on being perceiving doms, with auxiliary thinking?

I think maybe some of the issue is that Ti-Fe does attend to "big ethics" -- and those are the ones that Fe has come to a consensus on. (And Fi-Te will probably attend to "big logic" in the same way; it will press it's points with Fi, but concede the most major logical points that have consensus among Te-valuing folk.) But each of the Ji functions want their independence and want respect for their products, even if it doesn't into the established system. 

For an example -- any Fi-user (whether Fi-dom or Fi-inf) should likely have the sense to know that if they are deeply offended by nostrils, that is not a good enough reason to ask everyone to cover theirs up. At the same time, say the Fi-user wants to wear a hijab. They have a lot of complex reasons that go into it, and they're aware of nuances of value that go into the decision -- issues of cultural connection, aspirational values of modesty and unfortunate histories of male oppression, and so on. It is a personal decision that wasn't made lightly. So then, if a Fe-valuing individual comes at them with a broader ethical viewpoint that feels blunt to Fi (like "I am feminist, and you are woman, and you must be liberated! Why do you submit like that?"), it might feel invasive -- that the other person has no right to an explanation about why they are wearing a hijab. And then, if the other person aserthat the lack of an offered explanation means that they know there *is* no good explanation then it is all the more offensive and invalidating.

Of course, by law of symmetry, I expect the exact same thing happens with Te and Ti, and is probably the reason for some of the negative stereotypes of Te. Ti will come to an understanding that is nuanced, logical, and complex, but not necessarily in close alignment with what is currently believed to be true in their major field of study (or whatever other domain). But they are fascinated, want to study it more, and in the process of doing so (or in publishing their work), their basic conclusion gets out. A Te user struts up and says, "Um, that's fuckin' stupid. If you read Gershwae, you can clearly see that the fundamentals of this logical system do not allow for that. In fact, if that was allowed for, it would violate principles 2 and 7 from Lentix. Do you really thing *you* are smarter than *Lentix*? Like yeah, the founder of our branch of this science, who we've been basing our research on for the *last 84 years* was wrong and *you* were the one to find it. Yeah, I'm sure. So, tell me this great theory of yours, huh?" Well, who would want to share in response to that? Ti is like, "this is logical and sound and makes sense, but I am not going to open myself to being thought of as an idiot to you, especially if you're already coming at me in a hostile and invasive manner. I don't need this." And then when Ti politely declines to explain, Te cuts them off and scoffs, "*Yeah*, I'm sure you have a great explanation. (*eye roll*)"

In other words (that are... less indirect :|) -- I think that the extroverted judging function (which I've clearly painted here as being aggressive, blunt, and crude) can perhaps be experienced as rough and invasive by its mirror introverted function. So the playing around of Fe can sometimes feel very violating to Fi's values, because there are some things that are personal and that Fi just feels should be understood as such (on a basic level). Likewise, Ti -- while more dispassionate and less about good/bad judgments -- may feel that the logic of Te is too blunt, established, and static, and that it doesn't permit change, and it invalidates and insults the integrity and intelligence of Ti while unintelligently blocking out anything that doesn't agree with Te's already-formed propositions.

But from the perspective of someone who is using Je, I would guess Ji comes across as demanding a weird individual treatment -- unjustified bending of ethical rules (like "because you have deep feelings, we're not going to make you provide this piece of health care to your employees even though that is basically wrong and terrible") or unjustified disregard for established facts (like "okay, sure, we're going to respect and listen to your theories, even though they completely violate the notion of how evolution occurred, and you're one person trying to say that a century of advanced thinking is wrong but you're somehow right").

In summary, I am intentionally painting extremes -- exaggerated senses of how Je might be perceived at its worst, and how Ji might be perceived at its worst, from individuals who are biased against it (or coming from a different perspective). Not trying to suggest anything bad about ENTPs :) I know that the play is roughhousing. I would guess that I got disgruntled 5% or less of the time, and that 5% is just to account for probability. I wasn't really thinking of myself as using Te-Fi at the time... but many times, I did feel like a lot of butthurt could be judged as, "You came in to a place where you know there is a culture of banter, sometimes rough teasing, and play... don't expect to be greeted by a delegation that's dressed in suits, and don't come in expecting a formal tea ceremony. If you're butthurt because you expected those things and didn't get them, then you are being kind of ridiculous."

I hope all of that was coherent! I need to get some sleep, oi!

Edit to quick add:

&gt;we were playing together, having fun-best day of our life, totally cool, then poof! got scratched. 

I think this all gets complicated further when feeling is tertiary! :P If I'm the cat in that position, I imagine myself as being embarrassed about having bitten, but dangit there was a squishy ouchy part there and I didn't realize it was there and I think it was an accident but when you hit it it just made me *so mad so very fast* that I bit you before I could think! Kind of like if you ever stub your toe on something when you're in an impatient mood, and if it has ever made you just want to take things and smash them because you're in pain-rage?

Actually, the post-bite embarrassment makes for a fairly concise summary of why I am hesitant to get into a relationship. I am not a fully rational being, and to an extent, I feel like those squishy ouchy parts are stupid and illogical. Especially when they're bruises from mistreatment that clearly has no bearing in the context of a positive and caring relationship. But dangit, they just won't logic away. And it is embarrassing to have that reaction, like being stripped clean of your logic and shown to be a naked fool underneath all the trappings of being a reasonable person. Though, when I'm not being defensive about my Fi, I can recognize that people are different and all of us have sensitivities and deserve care yadda yadda. But still, the bite is not fun, and not even necessarily meant as a judgment of the person who got unfortunately bitten. :/

What happens when your ISTJ SO gets bitey? What does resolution look like?&gt;I think it's also something about my enneagram and other personal qualities (or just inferior Fi?) that make me comfortable with the initial value assumptions

What *is* your Enneagram? The comfort with value judgments and focus on practical impact seems Te-dom, though, so that makes sense.

I also can look at the absurd and hypothetical conclusions of each site, but I shy away from them. I am trying to find the temperate middle ground, that is both principled and capable of being practically executed. Not that I will actually execute it, but I want to at least have a reasonable, logical, defensible understanding. The more tied up I get, the more that value judgments and practical impacts get all mixed up.

&gt;If you say something that damages a group of people who are already victimized, no, you don't get to avoid the consequences, imo.

What if that group is not victimized, but they are disadvantaged? I guess I struggle with the axis formed by large-scale, involuntary qualities of the self that lead to being disadvantaged (e.g., having a genetic condition, or being born with an identity that doesn't match your physical body -- where I do strongly believe that the environment ought to bend a little. It doesn't hurt anyone to address someone with the gender pronouns and name that feels true to them, for instance) and extending into other emotional realities that are also involuntary, like being pained by the consumption of meat. 

That individual vegan, on some level, also cannot control that they have a very emotional reaction to the death of an animal for the purpose of consumption. Yet the reaction of society to vegans is very different -- there is less desire to bend society to them so as not to trigger those negative emotions. Though I suppose the difference is marked somewhat by how difficult each of those accommodations is, too? But on some level, when I'm chasing my tail in my head, those situations start to seem more logically similar and so then I struggle with *why* one response is justified in the one situation and not in the other, even if I generally agree that they *are* either justified or unjustified in those situations.&gt;If we were going to engage in a high speed chase, we would definitely be safer with him driving. But since we're not going to do that, we probably don't need to drive like we are.

Bahaha, I like this. I'm picturing it now. "Honey, your driving would be so good if we were in a high-speed chase! ......But we're not. So get your shit together." :P I know that isn't probably quite the tone you're imagining it in, but just the contrast of, "his skills would be definitely be good for this situation... this situation that we're not in" struck my funny bone. :)&gt;Obviously, once you look into the theory, you understand that these stereotypes have little to nothing to do with the actual functions [yet] an exception can be made for the tertiary function.

This is a fascinating suggestion! Like all of the shallow or reductionistic descriptions of functions are like how people with that function as their tertiary experience it for themselves. This is going into my mental pockets, to be pulled out next time I run into a simplified list of function descriptions! Yeah, I gotta second the hearty gratitude for making this post. Where you've alluded to having a pleasant glow of Fe coming together, I have the Te glow of, "oh yeah, this was a productive discussion that got us closer to a shiny, valid, consensus-based truth! *yessssss*" or something. :D 

&gt;Now, at entp sub we joke investigate? the hell out of SJs/Si along those typical lines, but we joke investigate the hell out of everything...

I'm curious -- if you had to throw a percentage (I won't ask you to mention usernames or anything, even though I want to), what percentage of the self-labelled ENTPs there would you say are *really* Ne-doms, and what percentage are actually Si-doms? (And, if you're inclined, what percentage are actually Ni-doms or Se-doms?)

Back when I was on that subreddit and identified as ENTP, I did really assume too much went into Ne, probably, even though it wasn't consciously as a Si-dom? 

But I also saw a lot of people being like (and I'm exaggerating to paint an impression of the attitude), "ugh, ISFJs are like the worst. Like at least if I was boring a pencil into my eye-socket, I would be having an experience. I mean they're nice and all, sure... nice like sensory deprivation tank for your brain. You know, like how it can be soothing to take a bath and shut your brain *entirely* off." Or, "ugh, ISTJs are like the worst. Like they can't think or connect ideas worth a shit, everything is limited to their very narrow ability to perceive and think about reality, but they're so rigid and bossy nonetheless. It's like giving ten braincells a mega-phone -- they're not capable of much activity, but they sure are fuckin' loud about the activity that they *do* engage in."

But perhaps that's Fi-tert taking the joking of Fes way too seriously? :P And perhaps, in another layer -- the Ne-doms joke about it, and then the Si-doms (identifying as Ne-doms) seize on it and express a genuine disgust for Si under the premise that yes, they are validly one of the mystical ge(Ne)iuses of the MBTI.

Though I have seen more serious discourses on why, for instance, a Ne-dom could *never* be in a relationship with a Si-dom. Because while they are sweet, well-meaning people in their own ways, you will eventually itch for someone who is actually interested in something that isn't in their face or in the real world -- you'll want to brainstorm, have ideas, discuss concepts, and the Si-dom will inevitably fall short of your expectations in this regard. ...So it is kind of curious that you've mentioned having an ISTJ SO, in that respect. What are your thoughts when that kind of "yuck, ISxJ..." attitude comes up? Is it, "all of us real ENTPs are joking, and the rest are... having fun, whatev. Not my job to correct 'em, nor is that gonna be fun or uniting"? Or something else?&gt;I'd rather write about Te or how I experience Fi than Ni. It would be awesome if more people could write something like this.

(*stares at /u/ThisWontDo expectantly*)

&amp;nbsp;

To be fair, you have written a bit before about Ni-dom as being kind of... not the visionary "woah, I just *predicted the future!*" thing that it is made out to be. :) At the same time, I still would be curious to hear you write more about it, and at length, if you were even marginally inclined!

It would be also interesting to see how an introverted perceiving function gets glorified and romanticized by... who? Do Se-doms romanticize Ni as routinely as Si-doms romanticize Ne? (The answer seems to be usually no? Or is it?) And when Se-doms *do* romanticize Ni (in the way that this post is a neat insight into how Ne-doms might romanticize Si, even if the sentiment isn't often put out there in those words), what might that look like?

And of course, other people romanticizing Ni. I still find it fascinating that you have described romanticizing Si as being incredibly grounded, factual, and close to reality. Like seeing it as Te plus super-Se? And then realizing that Ni actually causes you to sometimes neglect facts, yes? (It has been a while so I might be mis-remembering). Likewise, I would suppose that a not-insignificant portion of Si-doms romanticize Ni as a kind of Je plus super-Ne. "I can abstract, with valid, reliable judgments, all of the possibilities of the universe, in great and impactful detail! I am Super Ni-Je yaaaaah!" When really, they are Si-Je, and romanticizing the notion of Ni.&gt;But I also fixate on the ideological underpinnings from which that attitude follows and the far-off result of a steady trend toward left-wing and right-wing policies. 

Ah, I see what you're saying. So not extending it to absurdity in the moment, but more like playing it out over time. Will this move us in a more moral direction, or will it -- even though defensible in this moment -- be a step down a road that is potentially undesirable. Yes?

&gt;there's no reason to deny accommodation to others unless the initial assumption is that others are not worthy of one's respect/not inherently equal to the individual

The other reason would be if the accommodation is either impractical in the moment, or is trivial in specific form, but also would logically imply a host of other trivialities that would add up to a great sacrifice and removal of individual choice. Right?

Or is this part of what you also mean by hypothetically preferring anarchy to fascism? That is, when the accommodation would lead or move towards the implication of bound and tied by a dictatorial set of rules, that is when you would draw the line?

&gt;It makes no difference whether or not individual vegans are accommodated at the moment, because the entire system is still unethical, you know? Obviously I don't think anyone should be treated rudely, but the only way out is overall social progress.

Hm, yeah, I see what you mean. Even if a person disagrees with the principle that meat and animal death is *inherently* immoral, there are aspects of modern corporate meat production that are absolutely immoral (and that is the underpinning of many vegan protests against eating meat, is the actual form that takes in current society). So even moving towards that makes more sense, because it is more just.

Part of me wants to entertain what would be the "right" response if we were in a hypothetical universe where meat production was not immoral in the way that it is now (e.g., animals lived happy, stimulating, instinct-driven lives before being killed and eaten), and vegans still protested, while others defended their right to eat meat, partly on the inherent amorality of animal living. But at the same time, so much would likely depend on how many were still upset, and what their reasoning was... (?).

That is where I get back to being bound by how practical or impractical it would be to accommodate their wishes though. Asking an entire society to abolish meat the rest of the way (even when it is arguably ethically produced -- not the situation right now) for a distressed 5% of the society... that is asking for a more vast and impractical accommodation than using a different word than you are otherwise inclined to use for someone who feels out of alignment with the sex they were assigned at birth. At that point, my thinking approaches, "even if they were just 2%, and even if you think it doesn't make sense or isn't valid, is it really *that* hard (or *that* deep of a personal right) not to have to slightly alter your language?" 

Though then you can get back to, "Is this a trivial accommodation in the moment that -- logically extended -- implies further accommodations that ultimately could amount to having my language choices dictated, controlled, and censored?" That is the tone I hear from people who object to the request to accommodate and respect identities they don't fully understand, etc. To which I suppose one could retort, "We're not there yet, but we can certainly change our minds and put our foot down if it moves too far in that direction. It isn't a good reason to put our foot down yet, though, when we don't know that is where it is headed."

In any event, I definitely get tangled up in this stuff -- and the conclusions I reach are not something I am inclined to casually share, because of that nagging, "or maybe not?" That kind of end analysis of explaining spirituality in a logical way seen in the ISFJ -- I can see that being potentially similar? That is, I imagine it might take some trust for the ISFJ to divulge what they do understand of how the world works, because they're sensitive to having their understanding dismissed or ridiculed. I know I see that in my ISFJ mother -- who either needs to feel safe, or will seem to steel herself against a negative reaction (e.g., saying "now this is just *how I see it*, but...") before sharing her own logic on how things work.&gt;This is noticeable with NTPs because sometimes they'll blurt out some Ti analysis, see distress and try to kind of explain their way out back to pleasant vibe - in the form of 'there's no need to be sad/angry/etc., we're only talking about ideas'.

The way you describe this is very endearing :) 

I think sometimes the mishmash happens because Fi-Te mistakes Ti-Fe content for being an inappropriate version of Fi-Te content. So something like, "there's no need to be upset," from Fe-Ti gets interpreted as a rejection of the emotions of the person in the way that Te would reject something that is not sensible or logical to it, rather than as a "I didn't mean to upset you and I want you to feel welcomed and included."

And I guess, perhaps the wanderings and theorizing of Fi is seen as impractical and useless, in the same way that too much Ti is rejected by Te?

&gt;they just want to share, consider and validate uniqueness of perspectives of people in the conversation

This is weirdly accurate and spot on though. I can kind of see it in many of the comments I was making at you in what I'm going to call the Inglorious Ne post. :P&gt;I was just trying to go for a fun back and forth of ideas (with the goal of agreement) that quickly turned into sort of weird, uh, monologues of his opinions and his being very forceful about them

This is fascinating to hear/imagine. I can monologue if I get *really excited* about a topic -- like something strikes at those tert-Fi black-and-white value judgments, and I'll bring in the Te and I'll get very animated. My friend (INFJ, Beta quadra) seems to be most delighted when I get that animated and stirred up -- I think it appeals to the Ni-Se desire for intensity and Fe's desire for expression.

But with a shared Si-Ne, I can see how it can be dominating and oppressive. At least in my experiences, when I've monologued, it is not meant to be oppressive or forceful. It is like, "Yes! I have this deep value judgment and there are many factual things that align with it!" It is looking for agreement, but not in sentiment, but more for agreement in terms of the logical form and structure. "This makes sense, right???" 

Whereas Ti-Fe is the opposite -- having the logical structure dictated with such force feels oppressive, and there is a desire to maintain a common sentiment, yes? And yet that desire for a common sentiment can have a similarly oppressive feeling to Fi-Te as the Te has on Ti-Fe... especially if Fi isn't feeling that sentiment. It doesn't automatically adjust, and so when the sentiment is made loud and communal, Fi feels implicitly like it's being asked to conform or -- because it can't adjust in that way -- to just leave.

Does that seem to align with your experiences?I am now happily reading this as, "Yes dear, I used Fe; it was meant to have that impact on you. (*patpat*)" :P 

At least that is what my reaction would be if someone with Ti (like my ISFJ Mom), reacted to an appeal to Te facts/logic with, "It's funny because what you said totally made sense!" Like, "Um, yes, that's sweet of you to say -- it was *explicitly designed* to make sense, so... very good :)"I agree with the notion mentioned by a couple of others that Enneagram stuff would come into play here -- wherein some Enneatypes are concerned with identity (particularly types 2, 3, and 4), and some are not.

For Fe-users that care about identity, and where Fe is higher in the stack, I would guess that they would be more inclined to cling to (or be concerned with) their identity as a quality member of the group. For instance, imagine an ESFJ 2w3 who needs to view themselves as loving, kind, generous, and giving. Their identity (in the sense of ego-fixation, not in the sense of individualism) does not permit seams or breaks between them and the groups they identify with. To consciously acknowledge anger, they are violating their sense of identity as a good, giving, kind, loving person.

For a Fi-user that cares about identity, where Fi is higher in the stack, I would guess they would be more inclined to cling to (or be concerned with) their identity as a person, separate from groups or institutions. For instance, an INFP 4w3 who is relatively preoccupied with the uniqueness of their own experiences and the many ways that they are different from the masses. Their identity requires a seam or break between them and others. They need to see that they stand alone, that they are an individual and not just another ant in the anti-hill.

This can be subverted, of course. So for instance, take a INFP 6w5, who wants to unite with other individuals in order to build a stable community that will support and nurture each other. They still have a sense of their own personal ethics from Fi, but they also very much look to building that group cohesion, as they're in the Thinking triad and are more preoccupied with security and fear than with identity. In fact, if anything, they're looking for a trusted logical and directing system that they can trust to guide them -- for a kind of stable Te structure.

Or, take an INFJ 4w5, who still has the drive of distinguishing themselves that is given by the image-conscious ego-fixation of a Four, but has the kind of group-based ethics of Fe. They may distinguish themselves by focusing on how they do not fit into the group, how they are alienated, ill-fitting, or somehow not capable of the same synergy as other group members. Their identity is still defined in terms of their membership in the group, but it also satisfies a need for uniqueness in that they feel a kind of unique alienation that can still provide its own sense of being special or unique.

Of course, with the Enneagram, these ego-fixations -- to the extent that they are resulting in an identifiable type -- are usually viewed as being more or less unhealthy. So it isn't that the hypothetical INFJ 4w5 has a necessarily melancholic identity when *healthy* -- instead, as they become healthy, that ego fixation of the Four (needing to feel unique, special, and significant) turns into a more principle-based way of living that focuses less on personal identity and more on the gut/instinctive area -- a deeply felt common sense and knowing. In other words, I think that the fixation and *need* to identify with one identity over another is more of a fixated ego issue (which the Enneagram is more tuned towards describing), rather than a cognitive style or preference issue (which the MBTI is more concerned with -- that is, the how, not the why).This reminds me of a quote I saved from a forum online:

&gt;Extroverted judging functions like to look for similarities to build their system of understanding from the top down, whereas introverted judging functions look for differences to understand the system from the inside-out.

So... for myself, if I am trying to extract ideals, like you noted above. In a new situation, I want to see the full body of possibilities so I can extract principles from those possibilities. I attend to differences that don't fit, and try to place them within my understood framework for how the world is. In a way, it is like I am trying to model the world in the way that someone might create a 3D floorplan of a house they're remodeling. The essential qualities of the house are modeled accurately, without extraneous details of perception (e.g., a stain on the rug that has no bearing to the global understanding of the house).

Extroverted perception feels more like a bunch of unsorted noise. It is multifaceted, "what ifs," hunches, or however else it might be described. But it is felt as a bunch of noise that still needs to be sorted. The "what if" hunch of Ne is like a flag for something that is not yet understood and that needs to be sorted and fit into one of the principles. It is like taking all of the pages of the world and assigning them a page number and putting them into order -- not a judgment-determined order, but just getting them sorted so that if you refer to [x], I can immediately turn to my gestalt experience of [x]. 

But this is very hard to separate from the experience of the judging functions. By definition, introverted perception will be paired with extroverted judging. In some ways, it is like Pi is set up to let Je do its job. I want to make sure my floor-plan has a high degree of fidelity (thank you again /u/akai_n for this word choice!), and then I can go into it and make quality judgments. In judging whether one arrangement of furniture is better than the other, I can go into my 3D model of the house and measure it -- through how it feels in that imagined world, or using a ruler, or in other terms of the immediate environment. But if I don't have a sensible environment in the first place, extroverted judging is going to have a hard time.

&amp;nbsp;

The difference between you as INTP and myself as ISTJ can be subtle, since we both using thinking to make judgments about our environments, and we are both on the Si-Ne axis. 

But perhaps the difference would be that as a judging dominant, you're setting up that logical framework (instead of the ideal model of the environment). You're creating the very means for which judgments can be made, so that the multifaceted and endlessly detailed environment of Pe can be put into the framework and can come out with sensible judgments. The environment goes in, and the judgments come out based on the framework of Ti. Instead of reconciling the environment with itself as a first move, to arrive at a Si-based model, there is a more multifaceted set of what-ifs and perspectives on the environment that are filtered for whether they are logical, sane, or sensible by being run through Ti. Is that accurate to your experience? Or perhaps you can say more about what Pi-Je seems like to you, coming from Ji-Pe?

For me, Ji-Pe almost feels like jumping the gun -- like trying to set up a sorting machine before you know what it is being made to sort. But then, in a weird, convoluted way, I guess I instead try to manually sort perceptions (though it is based on how they tie into principles of the environment, rather than how well they fit to the judgments of Ji) and put them into labelled boxes so that I can then use Je to decide what to do with the boxes (?).The guy on the left seems a bit more reserved and emotionally deadpan than Jung seems -- though perhaps because Jung is shown dialoguing with someone, whereas the guy on the left is being interviewed and not really given much to interact with?

They look remarkably alike! Some of the facial mannerisms are different, but again, that could be just a function of the different situations each are in.

The guy on the left slightly strikes me more as Si-Ne, and Jung as a little more Se-Ni, perhaps? The guy on the left is scowling as he tries to pull together information, he casts his cast around more randomly in the room (but still appears to stare at objects when he is zoning out and accessing information), and then jumps back to eye-contact before casting away to somewhere else... 

Whereas Jung, on the other hand, seems to maintain something closer to eye-contact, with his eyes sometimes breaking contact but staying very near the face (versus darting off to the side routinely). When he does look off to the side, he has more of that impression of staring off into the distance -- he doesn't move his eyes around the room in the same skimming objects and thinking deeply kind of way... instead, thinking deeply seems to take him away from the environment entirely, and leads to him staring off in the same direction when he stares off, and leads him to stare pretty unwaveringly when thinking in that manner, compared to Si-Ne casting about the room. 

Again, this could be more of a situational thing -- Jung is in an interactive interview, and the guy on the left is in one of those more "say stuff at a camera" interviews. That said, I could see it being possible that, at least superficially, some ISTJs and ISTPs would look similar in how they talk and relate to someone. Jung has a bit more emotional impact (but that might be a feature of the interview style), which made me think it *could* be more of a Fe sharing (even in an inferior position), versus the guy on the left, who doesn't really express any kind of emotionality, or have any of that kind of impact or attempt at resonance.

I don't have a strong opinion on Jung being ISTP (or anything else under the sun), but I don't think these two are *quite* the same type, but the differences in setting could also explain what I am seeing.&gt;Se: Don't ask stupid questions. I'm sure if you concentrate really hard you can figure it out for yourself.

Yes, very much yes. ENTJ supervisor with ISTJ supervisee: "Okay, stop asking me about different situations you might encounter. Here is my blanket advice for all the situations. First... power up your brain. Then... *use it*! I know, mindblowing, right? :|"

And for Si... I do think communication happens through Je a lot of the time, and might just end up sounding like a dismissive judgment like "stop being stupid." When I try to think of what it feels like trying to communicate through Si, it is like... how do I convey an entire body of experience without taking forever, can it be understood if I simplify it, will they misunderstand it anyways, and is this worth it? When I do say something, it would be like:

Si: Okay, so this is true. Consider, for instance, this analogy. These pieces of the situation are like these other pieces of the analogy. In the analogy, this happens. This real situation is just like the analogy, and the pieces relate in the same ways. There are some limitations to the analogy, such as [concise summary of the things that do not fit, or the variables that need to be added to make it complete]. However, the main pieces *do* fit, and you can see that they imply the conclusion I am telling you, and they imply that conclusion for the same reasons. (Those reasons being that this is how things are and work.)How about [this post](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/07/how-to-recognize-each-myers-briggs-personality-type-in-real-life/)? It is not perfect, but it discusses some ideas for how to spot the use of a function in real life. For instance, based on how the individual seems, but also based on the type of advice the person is likely to give.

Eilamona (who I generally have a lot of trust for as a resource) also wrote about her [overall approach to typing](http://eilamona.com/post/102911867347/how-do-you-go-about-typing-other-people-like) as well as [how to spot the functions in real life](http://eilamona.com/post/103036147412/what-particular-things-do-you-look-for-when-trying), though I don't feel like she quite gets Si right? At least I have never been wildly good at names and significant dates. That seems more of a Si paired with Fe thing. I tend to have an extremely good memory for terminology, though. I couldn't even tell you why. But I'll learn a term and it will just stick with me as The Name For That Thing/Process. It's enough where I watch myself for actually using them because the word jumps to mind so easily, but I am aware that others can feel overshadowed by me pulling out a formal term for something, as if I am trying to show off or make them feel stupid. 

And there is a bit of gamma, Ni-Se energy pulled into how she describes Te. That is, Te can be very imposing and intimidating, I agree, but I see this more in NTJs. In STJs, the force is less prominent. They seem to have less singular investment in their conclusions, and there is more recognition of different perspectives and experiences of reality (as would be seen in Si-Ne). (For instance, consider how the [Delta quadra](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Delta) is described in socionics. And many agree that Si "softens" Te, relative to how it can be expressed in NTJs or SFPs.)Yeah, I guess I still do feel that way, though I definitely acknowledge that it could be the circumstances. The point about explaining your theory versus being interviewed by an awkward off-camera edited-out conversation participant... The latter isn't exactly pulling for Fe as much, I suppose. But with only these bits (and without a lot of knowledge about Fassbender -- so who knows, this might be an unusual interview behavior from him), he strikes me as kind of ISTJ-like.

----

**Physicality/gaze**

What I see in terms of looking away from the conversation partner, is that Jung seems to toggle between two points. That second point (away from the person) changes over the broad scale of the conversation, but not much. It is almost like is idea is in a physical location, and he looks back to it, and then to his partner, and if I were to bet, I would guess that when the location changes (he starts looking up above his conversation partner instead of off to the right), it corresponds with a change in topic/idea. Meanwhile, Fassbender is looking all around the place throughout the conversation, as if he's gathering points from the periphery of his vision, and collecting and sharing them as he goes. 

Or, said differently, Jung has this subtle appearance of lilting out of focus briefly, then connecting with his conversation partner, and this pattern repeats over and over. The lilt isn't to somewhere else *within* the room, it is just out of focus and away from the partner. If you watch the first 90 seconds at doublespeed, and traced wherever his nose goes during that entire period of time, you get a sloppy arc that is maybe a face-width long. Kind of scribbly, but back and forth in that same space. And note that his eyes follow his nose, in general. So where his nose goes, his gaze seems to follow.

Fassbender does have a couple of favorite places to look (i.e., to his bottom right), but his gaze still seems more searching. So for instance, a good example is starting at around 2 minutes. Fassbender is answering a question, and during this (as Jung continues to go back and forth between one point and his conversation partner), Fassbender starts with a gaze in the upper left as he gathers his thoughts, his gaze seems to enter the room and go off to his bottom right, back and forth with some eye-contact to the interviewer, and it slides slowly down to his lap, then he readjusts his posture and is looking slightly to his bottom left when he is looking away. Or this is also really pronounced as well in his answer at 3:30, where his gaze swings around anywhere in an arc from down and slightly to his left, all the way to a direct right.

Of course, counterpoints to the above would be that Jung is driving at a singular vision with an interactive partner, where eye-contact is a means of impact as much as it is just polite -- and Fassbender is there with a kind of invisible interviewer, with no opportunity to impact his conversation partner, and is being asked about a host of topics. However, that pattern of searching, where I've pointed it out, is still being seen within his answers to single questions. 

----

**Emotionality**

This is where I see much more of a striking difference. Jung definitely seems to be Ti-dom/aux, whereas Fassbender seems clearly Te-aux to me. Some of this is in Fassbender's gestures which I think are much more numerous than Jungs (and the argument above, of conveying a singular and strong theory versus answering a bunch of random questions would, if anything, suggest that Fassbender should be less moved to gesture in order to make his points -- or that Jung should be more moved). Instead, Fassbender has punctuated gestures which aren't necessarily as sharp or crisp as a Te-dom, but they aren't as fluid and secondary to his point as with Ti-doms, where that VI book notes that Ti's gestures freeze when Ti activates... Fassbender's gestures are a part of his thinking and sharing his logic.

More than that though, is the expression of emotion. So a couple of examples -- besides the fact that Jung just generally seems like he is smiling or deeply engaged while talking, at 1:15 and 3:45 we see examples of him grinning with the conversation partner, entertaining a bit of a laugh, sharing that kind of emotional resonance. He has a kind of passion to his views and the tone of his voice moves a lot more as if to communicate impact or intensity.

Meanwhile, Fassbender talks in a monotone, and *very* quickly suppresses and stifles any emotion (see, for example, 3:55 and 5:10), as if it is a very private thing that leaked out, like a tiny little burp or fart of emotion that isn't *inappropriate* (so it isn't stifled for Fe reasons) -- it just...  as if Fassbender wouldn't even think to have shared the emotion with his conversation partner. He is sharing his thoughts and and reasoning, not his felt emotions or the emotional impact of those individuals. I think that even in talking with/at a camera, Fe would still naturally let emotion rest on its face for a bit -- as we can see with Jung. It is there to be seen and communicated. Fassbender stifles his as quickly and naturally as if it were a private bodily function. With tert-Fi, I think there is a bit more access to emotionality that perhaps compensates for its introversion, but I still get this impression of Fassbender that there is Te heavily weighing on any emotionality that gets expressed. 

But again, situational differences can explain some of the above, etc. :) The vibe of each seems notably different to me though -- in subtle but consistent ways. Jung comes across as friendly and relaxed, and Fassbender comes across as formal and composed. But if both were ST, there can still be some similarity in presence and in that they are thinking types. I know that a while back someone had asked (I could have sworn it was on /r/istj but I can't find it anymore) about ISTPs and ISTJs because they as an ISTP felt a kind of resonance with ISTJs, but felt like it just never... meshed somehow. I feel the same way about my ISTP friend -- she's smart, action oriented, practical, but even if there is similarity in our tone and presence, we're very different in activity levels and somehow communication just never goes quite right, even if we otherwise seem like natural friends.Out of curiousity, I went and looked up [another Fassbender interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z30WotTMAw) to see if he still seemed ISTJ-like, but if anything, he does seem like he has more Fe, and his gestures are more swaying and less precise, and so seem less Te-driven. At the same time, his swaying, soft gestures, and his meandering gaze make me feel more strongly that he'd be on the Si-Ne axis. 

So ISFJ, perhaps? And then maybe his behavior in the other interview was because of how he was dressed and just the tone of the moment. I don't imagine Fe would express a lot of emotion if a neutral-faced "I am not even on camera so I am not going to show any emotions" interview was just flatly asking me questions and I had to respond to the camera.

Yeah, as I am watching it, he is *much much* more emotive in this other interview that I found, such as around 2:15. I think some of the other interview might have also been him having a really shitty and impersonal interviewer off the camera. :P He comes across as much more naturally engaged in this other interview. But still definitely strikes me as Si-Ne -- what do you think? And he seems to have *waaaaay* more Fe in it. More even than Jung.&gt;I said "Because it's ice cream that tastes like avocados." And his reply was "If I want ice cream I'll eat ice cream. If I want avocado I'll eat an avocado." He cracks me up.

Bahahah, I like that!

&gt;So Si is like your entire wealth of experience backing up the decisions you make? Or comparing what is happening now to what you've already experienced to show what the logical outcome will be? 

&gt;Si gives you a very good grasp of how things are, right? 

Si is a little less conscious than I think people understand immediately, at least for me. It feels to me like a complex set of schemas. Anyone can get a sense for what a dog is, and what a cat is, and what a horse is, versus a zebra or giraffe. There is just a *sense* of it. I would say yes it gives a good grasp of how things are (in the areas where there is sufficient experience -- otherwise, I just know that I don't know, which is unsettling). As for comparing -- I think it does, but it isn't a compare-contrast that happens in the mind. It is more like an inner perception that happens of its own accord.

Si also includes multiple sensory textures. (E.g., Emotional impact can come into play -- not *value judgments*, as that is the domain of Fe and Fi, but just whether something feels impressive, overwhelming, confusing, ineffable. Those bodily sensations of emotion.) It includes touch, taste, smell, I'm sure. But when I am aware of looking to Si, I am referencing a gestalt of experience -- a point in the web or framework. I can't pull it out as an item and hand it to someone, because it is all interdependent. So then how do I share it? Do I carve a circle around it -- a radius of 2 inches, say? Or do I paint the entire length of the most structurally significant threads, and then allude to the rest?

That is why analogies are where I go, almost always. Because it allows me to paint a picture of something they likely have a schema for, and then connect the two things together. It communicates many things efficiently. My choice of analogies actually is one of the few things that I have gotten unsolicited praise for from multiple sources, and have actually felt proud about.

And the way I do it is just... it's like pinging my brain with a an idea of the dynamics and relationships of the situation that I understand and am trying to communicate... and it's like on a deeper, unconscious level, my mind pattern seeks for other things that are "shaped" similarly. It looks for situations that have the same dynamics, the same emotional impacts, the same relationships. The imagined situation/analogy comes into my head fully formed. It is still perceived -- not intentionally or actively judged or planned.

Because it is a framework (and not just isolated memories or "this is how things were done" in an isolated or rigid sense), there is complexity to it that people understandably miss because I don't think we Si-doms do a good job of realizing that we experience, model, and think about situations differently than others, let alone explain that to others. (And so we don't always even realize we're Si-doms!)

-----

So say I want to explain to someone how a child with a learning disability feels when they are faced with a unsympathetic, demanding teacher. I probably have a reason for communicating this -- I want to make a parent or teacher understand the plight of the kid, and why they might be acting out, misbehaving, not trying hard, or actively rebelling. The parent or teacher is misunderstanding, and thinks the kid is just resisting and that that is the entirety of the problem. I want to convey the powerlessness of being asked to do something that is beyond one's capacity, and yet not having the power to reject being compelled to obey. I want to help them see how obvious it is that the child would react by acting out in these ways. Children want to be good, and want to meet expectations -- it feels good to feel successful and receive praise and appreciation and messages of value from other people. But they're not in an empowered position where they can choose to go elsewhere, or choose to reject the criteria they're being judged with. And yet, with whatever condition they're experiencing, they also do not have the ability to meet the unreasonable demands that are being placed on them. 

To help the parent or teacher see this, I go to an analogy. It communicates what I am getting at through a felt sense of knowing -- and using a situation that they are not emotionally entangled in. So I might compare the impact on child's motivation to anemia -- the constant criticism and failure to meet expectations drains and sucks away at their energy and will in an unseen way that makes it harder and harder for them to put forth energy and effort. Like a motivational fatigue of sorts. Positive feedback is like nourishment and vitality -- and without that, the will of the child is drained away even between episodes of criticism and punishment. And then I might compare it to being asked to clean an entire bathroom with a toothbrush within an hour, after which it will be inspected with a magnifying glass. That is how it might feel, for instance, to be asked to master a 20-word spelling list when you have dyslexia and literally cannot meet that expectation. The internal experience to a request like that eventually becomes, "Ha! Fuck that." Or, if the child is still invested in the outcome (e.g., "if the room is still dirty, we'll make you lick the walls in punishment"), a sense of overwhelming despair. No one is going to jump to do something impossible. So when asked to do something impossible, it is absolutely natural that defiance or disengagement would be a result. It is a symptom of the problem, not the problem itself.

A downside is that I also feel like I need that texture in order to be able to understand others. I seek to understand by using analogies -- but because I am testing my understanding, not explaining it, the other person doesn't always know what to make of the analogy or what I am getting at. I am trying to see if I can generalize my understanding of that situation into principles (new, or already existing)... but if the other person doesn't think in that way, I think the request becomes confusing and weird to them.

-----

If you really want to dig into Si more (or even other functions), I *really* like some of the material on [this page](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/134-Lenore-Thomson-MBTI-Functions). It is *incredibly* long, and it is almost like... musings on the definitions of each function. Some of it is very insightful, though. So for instance, when it comes to Si's reluctance to change things up (not social conservatism, but a loyalty to proven methods), this quote is relevant: 

&gt;p. 174: "ISJs...don't believe for a minute that the universe is inherently rational. For these types, the outer world is a jumble of ever-changing perceptual experiences, dictating ever-changing behavioral responses. What ISJs maintain, and maintain unconditionally, is their priorities, which stabilize perceptual reality and give it consistent meaning."

&gt;Proposed definition #1: You need a map

&gt;Introverted Sensation (Si) is the attitude that what is manifest (apparent, observable) is overwhelming in its complexity and patternlessness, and that the only way we can find our way through it is with a map. To make our way through the unpredictable, we need to anchor ourselves in some way, to know what, in that vast chaos, to focus on. (See Orienting.)

&amp;nbsp;

There is also the attitude or basic principle of existence that bad shit is going to happen a large percentage of the time, and preparing for it is necessary. I've always loved the following example:

&gt;An everyday example is to allow some extra time when leaving on a trip. The reason for leaving some extra time is because the world is filled with unpredictable things that could make you late. Very few unpredictable things could come along and make you early if you left late.

&gt;From the Si standpoint, the more you're going to depend on something, the more carefully you'd better inspect it, because you never know what unknown things might go awry, you only know that most of them are bad. Compare Extraverted Intuition, which leads to the exact opposite attitude toward the unknown.

There are a lot of ways things go wrong, and I think Si perceives that movement towards entropy and sees the need to apply structure and guard against entropy. Situations don't resolve and order themselves spontaneously, that requires outside intervention of some kind. And if you do not intervene in that way, you are subject to the ever-increasing chaos, which may undermine your goals and aspirations.
I mind. (*serious stare*)

Of course I don't mind :) That page is like a field of dreams and wonder for me. So much writing, so much information, so many perspectives! It is like all the richness I crave when someone is telling me something, without the low-grade guilt of interrogating them for more detail :P

And aw, thanks! I wasn't sure if those were going to land well or not, honestly. The other feedback I've gotten is that sometimes they are a real dud, haha. They can be hit and miss -- if they're good, they're very good, if they're bad, they're pretty awful. I think it is probably when I am extracting some principle or detail that no one else really noticed, attended to, or really understands.

For instance, once I was in FleetFarm (if you aren't familiar, it is basically a store with tools, outdoor machines, stuff like that; like the Walmart for hands-on work and business). I was in need of a ziptie ([these things](http://atakua.doesntexist.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/ziptie.jpg)), and I didn't know the word for it, and neither did my girlfriend (who was with me). So I asked the person who we approached for help where these fasteners were, that were like plastic strips, but one side is jagged like a christmas tree (thinking of how cartoon christmas trees have that jagged profile that provides the locking mechanism for the ziptie). The blank stare I got was very humbling, haha. It was... a less than effective analogy. :P I think my girlfriend actually pitied me a little bit. Like, "You poor thing, you tried so hard, but that was the best you could do. (*patpat*)" That was the tone anyways, as conveyed through a skeptical eyebrow-raise and verbal confirmation that I had made no sense.Yeah, it makes a *lot* of sense. Likewise, Fi is like this triple locked little diary tucked all the way under my bed, where I keep a short list of things I feel very strongly about. Or like a side-hobby where I ponder ethical topics and try to reconcile them -- but ultimately, I'm still able to put it away in most circumstances and say, "Well yeah, but practical limitations." If I can use it as fuel for my Te, it can be very helpful, though!Success, you have found the "bite the fuck out of your hand" button! :D Would you like to press it again?&gt;Ah so that's what happened to you! Hello! *waves*

Haha, hello! Yeah, it all started with posting a video to get some external consensus on the INTP vs ENTP thing, and then I was told I fit ISTJ and after an existential crisis, it did make sense in a lot of ways. It isn't a perfect fit (especially with some shitty descriptions), but ENTP wasn't a perfect fit either. So I stopped posting in the sub at that point because it felt weird to just change my flair and keep going on like nothing happened (like walking into a room with no pants on and acting like nothing is weird or different). And I had answered so many questions "as an ENTP"... haha. Oi.

It did clarify why I always felt I was a bit more serious and pedantic than everyone there, though I have missed the friendly, playful lot of you!

&gt;The typical bad reception of our ideas and push to "break" the status quo tend to come from SJs, so there is some resentment from that I guess.

See, I don't identify with that view of SJs, as keepers of the status quo. While ISTJ seems to fit me cognitively, I am definitely not all for the mainstream, well-trod, "this is how things are and always have been and always must be." Perhaps it is an issue of not being happy with how I was raised -- and so I never had a stable system that I would have wanted to cling to in the first place? If I did establish a system for myself, I wouldn't be rushing to change it around willy-nilly -- but I also would not be pushing it on others, or really inviting others to participate in it. I probably would want to keep with anything that worked, but that is only because *so many things* don't/haven't. (It is still an ongoing, pain-in-the-ass process. Once I find something that reliably works, I am locking that shit down for sure.)

You mostly wrote about ISFJs, so I don't know what your experience with ISTJs has been like. But I do sometimes think that some of the conflicts between NTP and STJ comes to Te versus Ti, and Fe versus Fi. When Te harshly shuts down theoretical musings of Ti, it is meant as an attempt to connect with the person, and reach logical consensus. Because Te is how the individual comes to consensus-based judgments, it also leaves them feeling relatively more entitled to correct or comment on others logic, in a less permissive/allowing way than when it is between two Ti users. But it isn't meant as a violent rejection of the other person, their ideas, or their contributions -- though it can still inadvertently smash the Fe vibe to pieces, especially if there is any firey Fi values behind the Te-driven critique.

&gt;when one says they can't really see themselves with an ISFJ, it's not set in stone

I wonder at this though -- there is an undertone of negative opinions towards SJs, and sensors more broadly. I don't think it was necessarily always true for the regulars like yourself, but there was definitely some serious-sounding "I could *never* date a sensor, there just isn't enough intellectual stimulation." Which, for someone who still thinks ENTPs are pretty bomb, makes for this face:  :C  It is like sensing is defined as extremely narrow and shallow in scope and intellect, and then people who are narrow and shallow in scope and intellect are defined as sensors, and it becomes a circular argument. "Person is shitty, therefore sensor. Person is sensor, therefore shitty." (With some lipservice to their being good for a limited range of functions -- like you know, pretty much any job that doesn't require too much thought; for Se, something exciting, for Si, something plain and routine.)

&gt;at the same time the arguments we get into are fundamentally linked to our perception of the world. So what bothers an ISFJ is what makes me, me and vice versa. 

I don't think this always has to be the case, but to the extent that each is disconnected from their tert/inferior, I can see how there would be a lot of "fur rubbed backwards" kind of irritation towards each other. At the same time, being in the same quadra/using the same functions, you'll at least be on the same page when it comes to how you express yourself and how you make judgments! Whereas with an ISFP, I imagine the clash would be very different version of "what bothers an ISFP is what makes me me and vice versa" -- it wouldn't just be the inversion of your personality, it would be an entirely different criteria for making value judgments and coming to logical conclusions, and a very different way of viewing and interpreting the world, as a multifaceted reality with more convergent interpretations versus a fairly convergent sense of reality with multifaceted interpretations.

&gt;ENTPs are very disassociated to their own views (but will argue till kingdom comes, or consensus comes more like)

This is a kind of interesting/amusing point because that was one thing I identified with in ENTPs -- the willing and eager participation in discourse and dialogue. At least to me, Si-Te can produce some of this as well, though I would guess the tone is different (?). But I like going back and forth on logical principles, but driving towards consensus more directly. Not spitballing,b ut also critiquing and correcting the other person's logic. It isnt meant maliciously, or to shut anyone up. (Though it also isn't done with much thought to the emotional tone of the setting, so it can be really misplaced sometimes. Like, "random playful conversation about what if we were part bionic" and the Te-user is like, "That makes no sense because of these outcomes" and just shits all over the playful vibe without meaning to.) Te-doms are *great* because they'll entertain any arguments and will go back and forth, though. Very easy to get involved in that kind of discussion. I think Pi-Te can be a little more conservative about when we/they will engage in debate though -- like there is a cost/benefit analysis that goes on first.

Anyways, I think I may have rambled a bit, sorry. A bit sleep deprived!

Curious -- does the description of Ne here resonate with you? Do you romanticize Si to any extent? (Or even quite understand it? I certainly didn't quite get it until months into intensively trying to grasp it... I think I have it down better, now, though.)&gt;My personal observations, ISxJs spend more time thinking about the future than INxJs. Inferior Se wants to wing it and has faith, inferior Ne doesn't.

Yeah, I was actually reading something that described Ni as being like the convergent interpretations or meanings for a situation. Not some grand or dramatic pattern-finding, but more the various interpretive labels that go along with multiple Se-based observations. So, for instance, seeing someone slip their valet a $20 tip, seeing their suit is crisp and has a high thread count, their shoes are very shiny. All these specific in-the-now details get added up to, "This person is wealthy, or has put a lot of energy into appearing wealthy." Or hearing that someone has a fever, sensitivity to light, a dry mouth, and occasional shooting pain around a specific spot in their lower left abdomen and putting these symptoms together into a label for a disease process or illness. It isn't that those are The True Interpretations -- but if the Ni-Se user has learned (through being taught by others, or putting it together on their own somehow) that those specific flags tend to add up to this general interpretation/situation/meaning, it will spot them quickly and effectively.

&gt;Yeah I actually do see this a lot and I'm just like ugh, I wish that's what Ni was. It sounds so convenient and useful. Obviously Ni has it's benefits but especially when I'm tired or whatever and can't seem to filter my Ni through Te it's just like...a bunch of useless esoteric ~One Truth~ nonsense. Si and Ni are the same but opposites in terms of perception. So there is an interesting fascination/envy there probably from both sides.

It is funny because to me, I can definitely see the attraction of Ni-Se (even though the aggressiveness of Ni-Se is kind of feather-ruffling :P). Ni-Se is so quick and effective at making meaning out of things. My ENTJ supervisor is like a diagnostic master. You throw a complex individual history at him and he will form fast hypotheses and test them in a targeted fashion, knowing exactly what data points or areas that need to be investigated next, and pulling together the conclusion *as he talks to them*. Whereas you throw that history at me, and I will try to document all the depth and nuance and possible variation in each of the domains of their life, and then it is like a giant game of, "What if they have this? Or maybe they have *that*? [check diagnostic criteria, check differential diagnosis information, agonize]" Meanwhile, my supervisor would be able to point to specific observations that bias towards one diagnosis or the other that aren't even listed in the text. It is frustrating that he can't explain it, though. It's like "well... duh. I mean if you think about it, duh." And I can go, "Yes, I totally see the points you're making and your observation makes sense to me now that you said it but *how did you get there the first time*? I would not have gone there on my own."

Whereas Si-Ne... One of the things that is difficult about it is something you alluded to. I don't actually trust my Si-based map of things. Or rather, I have varying shades of trust. If I have even 90% faith in something, things are looking *very good* and I am confident-bordering-on-arrogant. Most of the time, I have substantial amounts of doubt that my understanding of the area is complete and accurate. So that makes it much harder to act on, and much harder to communicate. If someone asks for my judgment, I vomit up the five considerations and why I more or less believe in them, and I have no idea which would actually be correct and I hope they don't ask for further guidance on that. Or maybe they can, but then I'll just vomit up more things to consider. I can't narrow it down for them.

Also, something I was considering last night, that is relevant to this:

&gt;Plus the whole "introverted sensation" aspect alone to me is like, what? Subjective sensing? I could not imagine finding depth in the world in that way.

There are some ways that this subjective nature can bite me in the ass. Si is not rational or trying to make sense -- it is streamlining its experiences into symbols. Those usually make sense if I am grounded and objective in the situation because they are reflections of reality, but they're still biased by what I attended to. And if I was emotionally affected, then things can go really askew and lead to some really counterproductive conclusions.

For instance, I have chronically struggled with productivity. Thankfully, I have very patient and supportive people in my work that are giving me chances. However, the feelings of discomfort and self-criticism, and their disappointment and patient redirection etc... It's not a pleasant scene. So then, when I am trying to make sense of how to feel, Si can come up with other analogies that *feel* like very accurate models (with disastrous implications for the current situation), and just give them to me without me asking for them. 

So for instance, analogies like, "Eventually they're going to cut you off. Consider families where there is someone who is addicted, and where they eventually need to set boundaries for their own mental health. You're like that person -- you're a problem that they're going to have to drop like a hot potato. Any time now. And they're going to be relieved when they finally get rid of you. Like a family that has watched their love one slowly dying, there's a bit of relief just to have it over with." It filters through with all the authoritative speech of Te, but I'm thankfully at a point where I can recognize how extreme and distorted those interpretations are. But they *feel* correct, and I can't logically dismiss them. I just know that they are not helpful, but I can't explain how this situation is different. The best I can do is say, "Whether or not that is true, the best action for me to take right now remains the same -- try my best to improve and do what I can not to drain my own motivation." I think that is where Si-Fi can get messed up in terms of self-esteem and self-criticism -- because negative emotions (as bodily experiences) get mixed up with value judgments and models of reality in a potentially destructive synergy. 

So subjective sensation isn't always terribly practical :) And the areas where it is remarkably practical are those where the Si-dom has a *lot* of experience. (In my experience. :P) So like the Enneagram -- that is one where where I feel pretty darn qualified and will be approaching arrogant in my interpretations. But most other things I feel very insecure about.On many online tests, intuition is conflated with markers of academic or book-based intelligence, like liking to read or write, having ideas, thinking about themes and the meaning of things. And sensing is reduced to very physical pursuits.

However, Si-Ne is an axis which (more or less) models reality while seeing multiple interpretations and possibilities stemming from that model of reality. ISTJs can be very academically inclined, can think big thoughts, can see meaning in things. The online descriptions are shallow and reductive -- and it becomes a cycle. Everyone calls those types stupid or narrow-minded, and then identifies as another type instead, which leaves no positive examples of those types which further reinforces the stereotypes.

ISTJs probably won't pursue something that is entirely doomed to failure, but if it struck on the right principle, I would defy authority. It would depend on the injustice. But, for instance, I would go to jail for refusing to violate the privacy of a friend who was in a delicate situation where they had done no wrong, if that was what it came down to. And when it comes to authorities I listen to, I choose those selectively. For me, it means that if we are talking about medical stuff, and 8 of 9 medical doctors agree on something, I will tend to go with their opinion because I don't know shit about medical science. It doesn't mean I'll believe anything anyone with an M.D. tells me -- I am actually very skeptical of others and their level of expertise, *especially* those with credentials. I tend to think most people cut corners and take the expedient way out, and so any professional almost has to prove themselves to me as a solid example of their field before I'll give them individual sway over my opinion.

It also doesn't mean I'll write off that 1 of 9 doctors that believes something else -- I might dive into the debate if I get curious, even, and see if there are any obvious omissions in either argument, or whether there are any gaps that make one side more or less credible than the other. However, when it comes to appealing to authority, it *does* mean I am more likely to write off the random dude on a forum who pulls an opinion out of their ass that conflicts with what the majority of credentialed individuals believe and endorse.

And ISTJs are not programmable robots, you know. I certainly wouldn't be content with "it's *supposed* to be like that," and I wouldn't offer it as an explanation except in some narrow circumstances. Like, for instance, if it was an emergency situation, or if there were other good reasons for me not to indulge in some kind of debate (e.g., if you are debating with your 6 year old about why they should go to bed -- it isn't 100% a bad idea, but there will be a point where you need to just put your foot down. I say this as the 6 year old who would extend such a debate to absurdity, and who, in retrospect, wishes there were some strict limits set on my behavior at an earlier age). If anything, I am more likely to give you an explanation that is way longer than you ever wanted, trying to explain all the facets of why it should be that way, and all the considerations, and will make you regret even asking in the first place. Though if I have to get this thing done in 10 minutes, and you come in wanting to talk about the philosophical nuances of some job you were hired to do on my behalf, then I might be less patient or philosophical. Timing matters.The Enneagram draws from a variety of philosophical traditions, and the observations that were made by the leaders of those traditions about how people work (e.g., the seven sins, or basic wisdom approaches and traditions). In that sense, it is not empirical or scientific. However, in the sense that it is based on long-standing philosophical traditions, it isn't *necessarily* without merit. Insight without philosophy is possible, and often those insights provide the hypotheses that will later be tested. Though it is certainly important to be skeptical -- particularly depending on how that information will be used (e.g., to treat, diagnose, make hiring decisions, make important life choices -- all reasons to be more skeptical).

While the MBTI looks more immediately scientific, with its symmetries and proposed mechanisms, it isn't inherently that much better than the Enneagram. It is still based on the insights of Jung -- explored in a more systematic way, sure, but not more scientific from the outset. (Consider that religious mystics of the *distant* past are probably reasonably analogous to the psychologists and psychiatrists of the more *recent* past -- that is, they would be the ones taking on those roles of counseling, providing wisdom, seeking insight into humanity, etc.)

If you want an empirical-only system, you need to look at something like the Big 5/Five-Factor Model of personality traits. It was produced by running a factor analysis on all the dictionary adjectives used to describe others (on the premise that the adjectives we use will naturally reflect real observable diversity between people). 

The problem with scientific approaches is that there are some things that simply do not submit as easily to a scientific analysis. You can use statistics to determine what combination of BMI and waist-to-hip circumference is predictive of heart disease, but it is harder to get at the subtleties of what individuals find attractive. There are some things on the waist-to-hip ratio of women, and what is most attractive, but what about other subtleties of her face, expressions, and body? There are some things that are so subjective and individual that science has a hard (if not impossible) time analyzing them in a systematic fashion. Individual differences in personality can be like that. If you want something blunt and empirically supported, Big 5 cannot be beat. If you want something nuanced, philosophical, and something that is better a tool for self-discovery and better understanding of others (even just of how diverse others can be), then something like the MBTI or Enneagram can be very useful. Neither has tests that are accurate enough to be appropriate for things like hiring decisions, etc., though.

What the Enneagram offers in addition to the MBTI is an analysis of the personality that is based off of basic fears. The MBTI looks at cognitive style -- what are your preferences for perception and judgment? The Enneagram looks at your deepest fears, and characterizes individuals by the typical ways they avoid falling victim to those fears (which usually, when the person becomes neurotic enough, end up bringing on the fears themselves). So for instance, if you take someone who is terrified of not being loved, one very typical way of responding to that might be to go out of your way to be lovable by helping others, being sweet as sugar, denying any anger or negative emotion, and being generous and giving at all costs. That might earn you love... but taken to an extreme, you can end up having all sorts of negative things happening.

Another way of saying this is that where the MBTI describes individual differences in a neutral, positive fashion (we all have strengths, we all have weaknesses), the Enneagram characterizes personality by the limitations that are placed on the person by their neurotic avoidance of their deepest fears. That is, the less your personality can be identified, the healthier you are, in an Enneagram sense.

**tl;dr --** The Enneagram is philosophical, yes, not really scientific. The same can be said of the MBTI. Both correlate to some degree with other established personality tests, but really, most of us are here for the philosophy of personality. The science of it is thataway (see [Five Factor Model of personality traits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits)), and far less romantic and nuanced. Extroverted perceiver, given that you seek interaction with the external world to stimulate yourself in response to strong feelings of (and capacity for) boredom. You're not trying to structure or change it, and you're not primarily introverting your attention.

This leaves Ti or Fi aux -- I would say Ti over Fi, given that you're soliciting a lot of opinions on your identity in a casual, blase way. You don't seem to have any care for logical fidelity or for social/personal/ethical authenticity. It just doesn't seem like a Fi-Te kind of action (at least not carried out in this fashion) -- more like a casual appeal to the social environment for stimulation in a tert-Fe kind of way.

So Pe-Fe: "Entertain me, I'm bored."The entirety of the following is reckless speculation, so please take it with a grain of salt, or a salt-lick, even.

----

In terms of perceiving it, I would think that Ni-Se would be more likely to look at specific events or signifiers in their immediate reality as implying some kind of ultimate conclusion (whether about the self, or their place in the social environment). "This person frowned at me, and this other person laughed while looking at me -- these mean that they do not like me." I also might guess that they'd focus more on rules for how to interpret the behavior of others, or how to make meaning out of events? "When someone frowns in a classroom, it means this."

Whereas I'd see Si-Ne as being more likely to model reality in a way that includes how things work, or rules for behavior. "When someone frowns, people then tend to respond by touching their shoulder." The interpretations would be more multifaceted, and the individual might get more or less overwhelmed with possibilities (versus narrowing in on rules for how to interpret things). They may focus more on behavioral rules -- standards for what they should do if certain things happen, or certain situations occur. Whereas in terms of how they are perceived, they might be more likely to catastrophize with, "They frowned -- was it at me? Was it about their day and the events they were telling me about? Did I respond appropriately to what they were telling me?"

----

In terms of judgments... I would expect Ti-Fe would be looking more to shared social rules and etiquette, and might be more likely to accept the social value that others assign to them. They might try to reason about social rules in a broad, internally consistent fashion. If they take emotions into account as data, they may achieve some success here. (I am taking someone who is moderately impaired in terms of theory of mind as my theoretical example here -- I know individuals on the autism spectrum are more or less able to read emotions, or theorize about the emotions of others.) They may focus on trying to get others to explain and help them make sense out of *why* certain behaviors are typical in social or interpersonal settings. They may then try to internalize these value judgments and do their best to act in accordance to them.

I would think Fi-Te would be more willing to still accept its own value judgments, and would try to explain its own logic to others. It may get more frustrated with others having emotional reasoning that doesn't make logical sense to them, or to their own value judgments. They may become angry with these judgments being placed on them, and they may conclude that they cannot fit into the social world, and may be more likely to reject it as a result.

As an example of these, I was [reading an interesting thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/askgaybros/comments/4ll9ny/need_help_with_this_guy_i_met_on_grindr_who_told/d3om6dj) that includes some accounts of what it can be like to be on the autism spectrum. The example of a young girl who doesn't share her special soap (which was a gift), but then is confused when others are mad and refuse to share their standard soap with her (which she saw as utilitarian and thus open for sharing -- they saw her as requesting a gift that she was unwilling to reciprocate) is one I have in mind when thinking about this. I wonder if Ti-Fe might ask *why*, and want to understand and try to follow those rules, whereas Fi-Te might be frustrated and try to explain from their own perspective why it was logical for them to do as they did. They may be less likely to accept that the value judgments of the other girls were correct.

----

Again, this is all speculation, and of course, the MBTI was based on neurotypical people so it is hard to say anything with certainty or confidence. And I am not on the autism spectrum, nor privy to the intimate thoughts of anyone I know to be on the autism spectrum, nor is autism an area of expertise that I have so... yeah. Speculation only, but hopefully not wildly inaccurate or too riddled with misunderstandings.And TIL I learned that this is Serious Business. So we're all learning something!

This was meant to be an off-the-cuff argument using only your post as evidence (and somewhat informed by your flair). If a, "do something, whatever, I'm bored so I'm soliciting stimulation" post was going to be exemplary of any type, and I had nothing else to take into account, yes, I'd still wager on a Pe-dom. It wasn't exactly meant to be a steel-trap argument.

My apologies for not putting in more effort.Ah, fair enough. :) Then pardon me whilst I turn my petty early-morning disgruntlement on whoever it was that *did* downvote me. (*casts a sour, pre-caffeinated glare off into the distance, complete with half-audible mutterings about "the nerve of some people"*)You are most welcome :)I really was just applying what I know of the functions to what I understand of autism-spectrum disorders -- which I'm about 82% sure is less than what you understand of them -- so thank you, I am glad that it struck you as accurate to your experiences! I can certainly try to speculate more about Ni-Se and Si-Ne and see if that strikes close to anything you've observed!

----

**First, just putting out how I understand the functions.** (For my own sake, if for no other reason -- helps me structure myself.)

First, with Ni and Si, they are subjective and personal. I've heard both functions described as needing some time and exposure to get comfortable. Si needs more exposure to a situation, a reality, an environment, before it gets used to the rhythms, patterns, variables, and structure of that reality. Ni needs more exposure to an idea-space, an interpretive framework, a set of concepts, a field of study, before it gets used to the concepts, the relationships and interactions and differences between them.

Ne and Se are objective and shared. Ne sees various interpretations and possibilities as natural and obvious for anyone to access. Clearly everything has multiple meanings, and every situation can develop into a variety of outcomes in the near future. Different ingredients can combine into a host of different creations. Ne doesn't need a lot of time to get used to an idea space, but it also doesn't hone that idea space down into limited, internally consistent variables. Ideas are free-ranging, diverse, immediate, vivid, contextual, unique. Those ideas are given a "ground" through that Si-based model of reality.

Likewise, Se sees reality as obvious and clear to anyone who is paying attention. Clearly this situation is what it is -- those things are over there, those people are engaging in that activity, anyone who is using their eyes can see what is happening. Se doesn't need a lot of time to get used to a specific setting, but it also doesn't hone that setting into its variables, its structure, its patterns, etc. It responds to it as is, in the moment, raw, vivid, diverse, complex, changing, unique. This reality is given meaning through the Ni-based set of concepts and interpretations.

That is my understanding of the function axes. (In some ways, it is my wordy understanding of Peppermint Kiss's [summary of the axes, from the sidebar](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/48x9m8/my_analysis_of_functions/):

*Se/Ni - perceives the world in terms of universally accessible observations and personally developed interpretations   
*Si/Ne - perceives the world in terms of personally developed observations and universally accessible interpretations

-----

**How Se-Ni might look?**

So applying them to autism spectrum disorder... I would imagine that Se-Ni would be more likely to say "Clearly this was special soap. You can see that it smells good, it is different from the soap I usually have. The natural conceptual meaning to attach to this soap is that it is special. That should be obvious." I would also imagine that Se-Ni would likewise try to interpret other things in reality -- would try to put together its coarse, vivid, textured NOW into symbols, interpretations, and meanings. "Sadness is a combination of some of the following: tears, frowning, making a wailing noise, turning away and avoiding eye contact." Or, "Good friends can be identified because they do a subset of the following: Smile, use a nice tone of voice, they don't talk about me and then laugh, they sit with me or make space for me to sit with them, they do not let other people laugh at me, they share their food, they don't try to touch me when I don't want to be touched, they make other people leave me alone when I am upset."

Ni-Se would be the labels to go with reality, and in the social sphere, those labels would have to be more intentional and thought-out. Just like in clinical psychology, diagnoses are lists of symptoms you can look for, and if you have enough of them, it evokes the conceptual label of that diagnosis. I've found Ni-Se users to be good diagnosticians -- they zero in on the significant information and are decisive about interpretations. I imagine in the social sphere, someone on the autism spectrum disorder, who had a Ni-Se preference, would perceptually orient themselves towards how to interpret the immediate reality they're faced with. They'd also be a little more flexible about being put into different settings, because they'd be guided by these more over-arching concepts and interpretations that they'd learned. In effect, they'd be "diagnosing" the emotions and intentions of others through the key features and behaviors they'd learned to put together (or that they had been taught). They'd focus themselves on set of rules/framework for interpretation (Ni).

----

**How Si-Ne might look?**

I would imagine that Si-Ne would be more likely to say, "Usually when I ask to borrow soap, they share with me. This time they did not share with me. What could that mean? What might happen next? Are they going to start being mean to me? Will they share soap with me in the future? Perhaps it was that I was too loud, as I've been told I can be? Or maybe I did not smile enough, or did not say one of the nice words I was taught, that people like to hear?" In other words, it would have a sense of how reality usually is, and would try to interpret this deviation. I also imagine that they'd struggle more with being put into new social situations, because they have no idea how to interpret this new group of people, their patterns, their social rules and etiquettes, their ways of joking and bonding, as well as their unspoken rules for what *not* to do. It would be like a world of landmines. Anything could mean anything, anything could happen, everything is dangerous and potentially rejection -- that might be an overarching theme they've experienced. "When I don't know the rules, then the things I do get me into trouble."

In a stable setting, I imagine they'd be soothed by having clear expectations for how they can successfully interact with others -- something to narrow down possible interpretations of a situation, or possible behaviors they could engage in, down to those that are approved. Just like Si-Ne in a neurotypical individual may look like leaving very early to get to the doctor because it is hard to get an appointment with them and you have no idea what could happen between home and the office that would make you late... Si-Ne in the autism spectrum individual might look like being very careful to learn the social rules because otherwise you have no idea what you could do that could lead to rejection or to being ostracized. They may also perceive things based on their understanding of reality (e.g., "your dad is mad, I wonder if he wanted to watch sports with his friends, or he had work and your mom was not happy or said no" -- if they saw this dynamic between their own parents and were too young to have a lot of experience with other parents). This kind of line of thinking may seem entirely odd to the neurotypical individual -- as they know their father hates sports, and their mother and father never fight. Perceptually, I'd think they'd orient themselves to the wide range of possible interpretations and outcomes, and would focus on predicting and establishing rules/expectations for how the universe behaves (Si), particularly in response to their behaviors.

----

(continued)*The last little part / kind of a tl;dr? Or summary/restatement?*

----

In other words, I guess I am arriving at the thought that both would be rule-based -- as this would be an intentional field of study for them (more or less, depending on how much they can perceive and reason about others, their emotions, and their state of mind). Ni-Se would have rules for how to recognize certain emotions, certain types of relationships, and may have more immediate senses of what they're supposed to do based on their diagnosis of the emotion or relationship. "I have diagnosed them as sad based on their tears, frown, and the sound they're making. I know that people like to be comforted when they are sad so I will touch their shoulder." Or, "I have diagnosed them as a friend based on that they are smiling at me, they are saying my name and not a mean nick name, and they are inviting me to participate with them and their friends. I know that friends share with each other, so I will share my cookies with them."

Meanwhile, Si-Ne would have rules for how the universe is, and what behaviors produce what outcomes, and what certain variables (e.g., the variable of female parent, male parent, friend, teacher) embody in terms of behavior, patterns, appropriate interactions. "When Susie cries, I have learned from talking to my mother and from experience that Susie will want me to touch her shoulder and comfort her, so that is what I will do now that she is crying." Or, "When teachers are talking in the front of the room, they will get mad if I talk, or move, or do not look at them. So I will look at them while they are up there, I will be quiet, and I will be very still." All of these rules for reality would be less driven by a diagnosis of the situation, and more determined by a kind of probabilistic analysis. (The more anxious the individual is, the more pessimistic or risk-averse that analysis would likely be.) They would have learned through a composite of different teachers that when they squirmed to itch at a tag that was bothering them, they got yelled at. And when they stopped to tell someone not to click their pen, they got yelled at. And when they were looking at their desk and listening without risking eye-contact, they got yelled at. And these were different experiences across different teachers, but they've formed into a rule for how to not get yelled at in class -- which is a very important rule because getting yelled at is terrifying and overwhelming and they are very motivated not to get yelled at.

----

I know I've already said it is all speculation, but I can't help myself but to say it again. I hope this holds true to variations that you've observed -- and if not, please correct me!&gt;One thing I wonder is if there is a generational change.

You know, I would be really curious to see this possibility explored more. It wasn't *that* long ago that computers, cellphones, and the internet were uncommon and inaccessible to the majority of the population.

In those times, going out and doing shit was pretty much your main option. Whether you hung out with friends, went for a walk, played sports or games, wrote and performed music, smoked pot and joked with each other, etc... it was out in the tangible, physical world of things and doing. So it would make sense that the individuals who nonetheless spent the majority of their time reading, daydreaming, analyzing, theorizing -- they would stand out from those who were primarily engaged in doing, being, living, interacting.

Nowdays, though, so much of the world and environment is made up of abstract non-tangibles. A lot of careers emphasize good theory, good situational analysis, good information processing and absorption. Not that careers of the past didn't -- it was just that it was more readily obvious when someone was *applying* things intelligently to reality, versus when they were removed from application. The person who is walking through the park, collecting, and pinning a variety of bugs looks visibly, tangibly different from the person who has been staring at the same ladybug for the last 35 minutes while they wonder about insects, the food chain, or about why ladybugs are seen as nice, attractive, desired bugs and flies are seen as ugly, annoying, disliked bugs.

However, take those two people a few decades into the future, in the informational age -- they're both sitting at a computer and looking at a screen. It is much harder to pick out where the one is applying, and the other is wrapped up in possibilities or interpretations to the extent that they are no longer applying themselves. (And this is a bit of an exaggeration by way of highlighting that sensors can still see possibilities and make interpretations, but their focus is on application to the world as far as I can determine, whereas intuitives are more likely to forget or fail at that step in characteristic ways, even though they can apply themselves to a degree.)

So questions that ask whether the individual likes to read, whether they sit and think about ideas, or other typical intuitive vs. sensor questions... Not reading often was *much* more normative in the past than it is today, where we are bombarded with more information than anyone can keep up with, and where most people are a few degrees moved from physical interaction with the settings and issues that concern them most... Thank you! I'm an Enneagram 5 (I think 5w6; I'm less sure about the wing).I gotta say, as someone who read through this thread, I'm pretty disappointed that the unicorns didn't float *even once* in the first video.I definitely appreciate any effort to create a culture where sensors and intuitives are viewed more equally. I've noticed it more of late, (though I might just have been oblivious to it before recently), and it's nice.

That said, I don't know that the move from sensing to sensation does much for me. If I hear the word sensation, I think of specific sensations -- like the sensation of having to sneeze, or being hungry, or being in pain.

The way I think of it is that sensing deals with reality. Now, take us back several decades, and reality was all obtained through primary senses (and the cognitive processes that interpreted that sensory information). Currently, that is no longer the case.

I would argue that the watch-making ISTJ of yesteryear, who honed their craft and created watches of great complexity and quality could just as easily be the computer programming ISTJ of today, who has stunning expertise in a few languages. That language of coding has its own texture, patterns, and reality. The ESFP hunter of yesteryear could easily be the ESFP psychologist of today, where that immediate sensing includes all of the nonverbal behaviors that can communicate so much to those who attend to that kind of detail.

Intuition would deal with what is not real. Possible interpretations or outcomes that are not yet evidenced in reality. "I could write this code and maybe it would..." The stronger the intuition, the stronger the perception of that kind of intangible possibility. The stronger the sensing, the stronger the perception of what is real and known about the code, how it functions, and the relevant details of what you have in front of you. In the era prior to computers, or the printing press, these were the people who nonetheless would woolgather, ponder, dream, wonder, journal, and theorize, in a way that was distinctly removed from reality. 

Of course, neither sensors nor intuitives are so extreme that they do not use the other side of their axis. The ESFP psychologist would be drawing in those details of body language, pace of speech, eye contact, variation in tone, word choice... and drawing them together to a conceptual label, like "depression" or "mania." The ENFP who is thinking of possibilities, ideas, interpretations, would still be drawing on a model of how things typically work in order to make those projections -- and in an area where they have more experience with reality, the better their ideas will be.

That said, I don't think any permanent headway will be made until we amass an angry mob and take down shitty descriptions en masse. Or provide alternatives that are high quality and well-vetted from all sides.I think the bias against Fi (even more than Fe, or either thinking functions) is almost as bad as the bias against sensing. I think a lot of it is a nonsensical misunderstanding of Fi. Like okay -- Ti is private and thinky, and Te is more direct with others... and Fe is sweet and Fi is a tyrant?? That makes no sense in the framework of what it means to have an introverted and extroverted function.

I also think it suffers from being poorly understood in the same way as Si does -- Si is not remembering that one time your grandma took you to the fair shortly before she dies and now you have a fetish for clowns and fairs cause they remind you of your dear beloved grandma. It is just as model-oriented as Ti or Ni. Likewise, even in the tert position, I experience Fi as wanting to come to a sensible, internally consistent, coherent, valid way of making value judgments about different conflicts, events, actions, arguments, etc. And in that drive for consistency and close examination, I think any introverted function will make a great deal of headway.

I was about to repost something I had written up when I got ranty about how shitty people's understanding of Fi is, but I think it was in another conversation with you that I went on that rant :P

One idea I came across recently was the notion of distinguishing Ni and Ti from Si and Fi based on how much their model incorporates an *agent*. That is, sensing is like a model of the universe with the person at the center. That center can move around, and as the person becomes more mature, it can imagine itself in different "centers" in order to get a more deep and broad view of reality. However, Ni does not depend on an agent -- it is like the outside-of-space-time way of viewing and interpreting reality.

In the same way, Fi is a value-based framework that has the agent at the center. For mature individuals who are high in Fi, that center can move around. The Fi-user can not only use their own set of value judgments and emotional reactions, but they can imagine the experiences of others -- through having conversations with them, empathizing, etc. So the Fi-user will not only have a personally-relevant set of value judgments, but they'll also try to make those jive well with the value judgments of people who may not be like them, and as they take on these other perspectives, more gets added to that Fi-based framework. I think people really really misunderstand this as Fi being like a masturbatory, self-centered framework of judgment. I think what they're dealing with is either low Fi, or unhealthy Fe. Fi is not extroverted, so it models judgments internally, it doesn't proselytize by habit. Meanwhile, Ti removes the agent from consideration entirely -- the logical decisions do not have a center, they're judgments in the absence of agents.

Hence, both are extremely valuable, very different, but equally textured, deep, and capable of insight. I guess my suggestion for dealing with people who have this view is to either explain what Fi is (and is not), or at least challenge them on what they're saying. "So your coworker was telling everyone how he thought they should feel about that event? What makes you think that they use Fi and not Fe, given that Fe is extroverted and more likely to find and establish consensus when it comes to value judgments?" Hopefully they'll at least pause to consider that they might be wrong in how they're thinking about it. But either way, I can assure you that Jung did not intend to create a model of how some people are shitty and others aren't. Fi is guaranteed to be more nuanced and capable than people are describing it as when they equate it with petty and immature emotional tyranny.

My hypothesis would be that healthy Fe and Fi gets typed as Fe, and unhealthy Fe and Fi gets typed as Fi by a lot of less-informed and less-thoughtful folk.&gt;its primary and auxiliary users tend to be passionate and opinionated people (we know what our values are!).

One of the ways I understand Fi has been based on remembering it is an introverted function -- and that is something that I feel like often is missed when people interpret negative behavior as Fi-driven.

How readily do you share your value-judgments in the absence of a direct conversation with someone about the issue? And how often do you dictate your value judgments as something that they should accept and agree with you on? Those are negative behaviors that I often see attributed to Fi that I'm thinking are probably not actually Fi. Would you agree?I don't think there is enough information here to type him. Specifically, chronic lateness, inconsistent performance, failure/inability to pursue long-term goals, difficulty maintaining focus in conversations, impulsive behavior, impulsive displays of emotion -- many of these can also be the result of a psychological condition such as ADHD.

Being something like Ne-dominant can mean that the individual has a tendency to strongly perceive immediate possibilities in the environment. "That could be turned into this!" "I wonder if that information means that this is true -- I'll research it!" However, Ne-doms do have other cognitive functions that enable them to get things done. When the scatteredness becomes dysfunctional, I think we're beyond talking about a personality flavor, and we're into talking about something else.

As for those who might be thinking, "Maybe Ne behavior *is* ADHD / the man is just pathologizing the awesomeness of Ne! / ADHD is BS," I will say that it is a condition that is both over- and under-diagnosed (i.e., diagnosed sometimes when it shouldn't be, and missed other times when it should have been identified). However, there is support for the existence of this disorder. Professionals are not initiated into a borg hivemind when they're trained -- they're more or less shitty, and have more or less expertise in different conditions, and have more or less awareness about their own limitations, just like anyone else. Just like being really sad after the death of a loved one is normal, but depression is still a thing, finding it hard to complete boring tasks is normal, but ADHD is still a thing. It's all about how dysfunctional and impairing the symptoms are. What you're describing here doesn't make me think of a personality type, it makes me think that he would benefit from an evaluation since it sounds like he's having trouble functioning in life.&gt;I admire Fe and the fact it's my inferior function makes me somewhat dislike myself.

If it is any consolation, if you *were* an ISFJ or INFJ, you would probably be pining after Ti, Ne, or Se. That is, your admiration of it is probably directly related to finding it difficult. Whereas if it were higher in your stack, you'd probably view it as, "that's just... duh?" like I would guess that you do with all of your own enviable qualities!

As for improving Fe, I can't give any advice from my own perspective, but I can point you to [this site](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/132275825117/type-dynamics-4-4). The base site in general has proven a treasure trove of information -- that link specifically addresses increasing your appreciation for the perspectives of different functions. That is, their writing takes the approach that the functions describe the information you attend to and value -- not skills. But that you can develop inferior functions by performing activities that relate to valuing/attending to specific information.&gt;The thing that might be throwing people off is that because an Fi user comes to an independent assessment of something's value, that assessment has a higher likelihood of being unpopular. 

This makes sense, and I like your use of the word 'independent.' I think that helps distinguish Fi from Fe in a useful way without having the misleading connotations that 'personal' or 'individual' can! In particular, I like that it works equally well when describing Ti versus Te (as independent versus consensus-based).

I think sometimes people mistake the independence of Fi (which I agree can sometimes adopt less popular opinions) for a kind of... I don't know quite the words to put to it. But it is like they assume that Fi is *so* independent that it is entirely irrelevant to anyone else. As if the ethics of Fi were entirely dictated by what best serves and pleases the Fi-user, with complete disregard for how others feel, react, etc. Likewise with Si.

At least with my experience having Si higher in my stack -- the function is perspective-based, or takes the agent into account as a context in modeling reality, but that agent doesn't rigidly have to be me. I'll have all kinds of feelings about different forms of lighting because for some reason, it really impacts the feel of a room for me. However, that doesn't mean I expect everyone else to have the same feelings about lighting, or that I can't -- after a deep conversation with an artist or programmer -- appreciate nuance and value in multiple shades of color, or multiple different coding languages, programs, or approaches. 

To some extent, my own perspective is always more richly developed, but there is also a very strong interest in absorbing the reality-perception of others into my model. I want to know what others see, predict, and understand of their worlds, and I want to include that in my reality. I don't want to take my reality and assert that it is the One True Reality, and How Things Should Be. (Though I will defend my right to have *my* territory aligned to my own specifications.)

Thus I am hypothesizing that Fi must work the same way -- that it too will have the most nuanced understandings and formulations of its own personal value-judgments... but that it maintains an interest in the value-judgments of others. Not as something that would supercede their own judgments, but something that enriches their understanding of the entire scope and field of value judgments. They'd still maintain the right to judge the relevance and presence of things in their *own* life based on their own criteria, but not necessarily want to dictate their judgments as the only truth, and something that others must adopt as well. Does that seem right to you, as Fi-aux?

Also paging /u/seaweedmustache -- as Fi-dom, does this seem accurate to you?&gt;she was quite confident that she knew more than I did about my own life and experiences, because she valued her own imagination of me more than the actual data from me about myself

I am really interested in these kinds of clashes with Fi, and understanding them better. It is helpful to still see where Fi may be dictating, or at least validating/invalidating others. Hm.

This makes me think about what /u/flux_n_uck wrote in another comment within this thread:

&gt;I do think Fi is self-absorbed. I also do think Ti is self-absorbed. Here's my opinion of all the functions:

&gt;Fi: whiny, vindictive, self-absorbed Ti: condescending, know-it-all, self-absorbed

I definitely think that immature Fi could be this way -- stuck on its value judgments. I think people underestimate how much Ti might be this way -- stuck on its own experiences with logic, and dismissive of, and unwilling to listen to, other logical reasoning that does not seem to immediately jive with their own experiences.

Neither is going out in the world and making it their mission in life to change how others reason and make value judgments, but both can be opinionated and judgmental of others who do not meet their own understanding and value judgments. 

Probably the same of Pi -- in that either Pi-dom may be better or worse at being open to new data that doesn't meet their sense of reality? I am not sure though. Is the open-mindedness of your gf a factor of being Pi-dom? Or is it a factor of being more mature? Or is it just that communication breaks down with different styles of perception/judgment (i.e., Pi vs Ji)?

Does it seem possible (in thinking back) that she was reacting without intending to impose her judgments? For instance, if someone whipped out some artisanal cheese that was strongly evocative of its bacterial and mold-based origins (I prefer the waxy "you can pretend it has nothing to do with mold/bacteria" cheese...), I would go "ooooh no ew" -- I wouldn't be trying to judge the person, or say that no one could enjoy that cheese. It is just a negative stimulus for me.

I just wonder... as types with Je &gt; Ji, would we have a tendency to interpret the sentiment of Ji as more prescriptive, in the sense that Je can be prescriptive? For instance, if I am explaining facts to people -- versus exploring a reality space -- I am telling them Facts. As in, Facts You Should Believe. And/or "I am trusting you have a brain and that if I explain this correctly, you will see it for the unquestionable logic that it undeniably is." There are very few things I feel that way about (perhaps given Te-aux instead of Te-dom), but if I am speaking from Te, then I am strongly convicted of what I am sharing. I am not sure that Ji operates the same way though...? Or perhaps it does.

I was just about to type a hypothetical of Fi, and then say that Fi is more convicted of its opinion in a way, but then I thought that might not be quite right. Instead, perhaps it is that Fi (and Ti) give fewer shits about my opinion in general. I can not believe them or believe them at will -- on average, they aren't going to care very much. It won't impact their own opinion unless they decide they want to incorporate your opinion into their own. But for the most part, they're arriving at those values independently. That is where the imperviousness to input would come in... but I don't know how much it implies a judgment of others who don't agree with them, or how open minded Ji is capable of being. I suppose that gets back to maturity...? But would Pi be naturally more open-minded, or just close-minded in a different way? (For instance, if you told me about a floating pigdog, there is a part of my brain that would reject that as an error -- it would not stick in my head because it just does not fit my reality. That is where I find Pi to become problematic is when certain things get filtered out almost without my conscious will or participation.)

Just speculating aloud though. :)&gt;I'm still having a hard time concluding whether this is accurate to the perceiving functions / functions of perceptions.

Yeah, I'm still agnostic about it myself. :P But it definitely seems more true to me than some of the other descriptions I've seen of Si as being tradition based. 

The way I think of it is that Si is like a diagram -- it shows the essential and distinguishing qualities of objects. A plant may be drawn out, showing only (1) the branching pattern, (2) basic structure of leaves, (3) description of how rigid/yielding the stems are, (4) sketch of macro structure as a bush, large tree, tall and stalky tree, etc. It isn't painted in brown and green because those details can be assumed. It isn't specified that it has leaves -- only the distinguishing features. The leaves themselves can be assumed to exist unless otherwise stated. It isn't described as poisonous nor disclaimed as nonpoisonous because for the purposes of this diagram, it being non-poisonous can be assumed (at least for the extent to which I understand plants!). If it was poisonous, it would specifically say so.

Now, depending on the space we're talking about, certain qualities of the environment would imply certain traditional responses, not because they are traditional but because they are effective for dealing with the shape and structure of reality. That is the best way I can put how I understand it. I have notes sketched out for a possible post on trying to better clarify this sense of reality (alongside how I conceive of the other perceiving functions), so I can get input from others on whether it jives.

&gt;Do you have a sense of whether these perceptions or more of an action or something that happens to you? (passively)

Hm... to my sense, it is like an uneven continuum for judging and perceiving functions, as to whether they are active or passive. I think all functions describe what we attend to habitually, and all can absorb and incorporate information in a passive, uncritical way. I think individual maturity, and position in the stack, will both be important modifiers of how much the individual questions and intentionally builds the frameworks or rules of thumb that each function operates with.

I think judgments more readily imply action (whether to reject/accept, what to implement, what to target first, who to pursue relations with, who to end a relationship with, what cause to become involved with). However, some perceptions can also imply action. For instance, if your experience with dogs has been that they are bitey death machines (as a perception, intended to reflect Si), then it kind of implies you should stay the hell away from them, without any judgment axes required. Likewise, if it is your understanding/interpretation that when your partner becomes emotionally distant, starts dressing better and losing weight, and starts staying away from home, that that means they are cheating on you (as a perception, intended to reflect Ni), it certainly at least implies the need to take some kind of action -- perhaps invoking judgment axes at that point to decide what the action will be?

I think it helps to remember the description of judgment as rational, and perceiving as irrational. Perceiving is not actively put together in a sensible way. It does seem like it is more of a passive, "happening to me" kind of process. I think it can be active, in that you can question your assumptions and perceptions, and actively seek more experiences and information in order to broaden your perceptual framework so that it will be more accurate. However, those are steps you are taking to build the house you live in -- and when you are not building or modifying it, you're just living in it as a stable thing (even if elements are dynamic or adaptive).

I also think perception can be active in that you can use judgment criteria to intentionally direct your perceptions towards certain stimuli. For instance, I might decide that my perceptions of myself as being a shithead are actively undermining my efficacy, and I make a value judgment that that is not desirable. As such, I may make an intentional effort to direct my perception towards things I've been successful in, and/or may critically evaluate any time I perceive that I've been a shithead. This is back to actively working to construct the perceptual framework. Otherwise, I think it operates as a lens. 

Makes me think of a concept by Alan Watts -- that when your perceptual organs are functioning well, you will not be aware of them. If your eyes are seeing themselves (e.g., floaters), you have a problem with your eyes. If your ears are hearing themselves (e.g., tinnitus), your ears have a problem. He uses this to make a different point entirely, and I don't think the perceptions from the functions are unhealthy when they notice themselves, necessarily -- but I do think that they more often *don't* notice themselves. 

**tl;dr, revisiting your question after this wandering thought process... :)**

I think if I had to say anything, I would say that perception is generally passive, and not an intentional or conscious action. It is something that is experienced as happening to the self -- but probably something that benefits from conscious attention and evaluation.

I also think that the perceptions of Pe are probably more immediate than Pi -- so it may be that while Pe is still happening to the person (in a way), it is still more closely linked to taking action, drawing on the judging framework of Ji that the individual works with. And that Ji could be more passive reasoning once a developed structure is in place for making judgments, though it would still be more consciously available to the person (even if only as a sensation of "I disagree!" without the full rationale immediately coming up -- whereas I don't think Pi always notices its own shape in that way). 

And while Pi is more passive -- like the house I live in, in my experience, which I can intentionally construct but which is usually taken for granted -- Je is of course much more action oriented. But it uses that framework of Pi as the information that feeds into decisive actions.

So I guess some of what I am trying to say is that the link to conscious action is probably ordered something like (1) Je, (2) Pe, (3) Ji, (4) Pi -- Je as both conscious judgment, and as extroverted, is the most consciously active function. Pe, as extroverted, is looking to interact when it is dominant and so while its perceptions happen without conscious intention, it will draw on Ji to act. Then Ji, as conscious, will at least be aware of its own immediate filtering of information, through the sensation of "NOPE" or "hm, yes, let me engage with that and evaluate it" implying at *least* the action of acceptance or rejection. Finally, Pi, as perception, will be without conscious intention, and as introverted, will not actively seek to interact.

Of course, that is further colored by whether they are Si-Ne or Ni-Se -- with Ni-Se having an extroverted perception of reality, what is, what can be known and observed (i.e., Se), the "activeness" of those on the Ni-Se axis will likely be more immediately apparent than the "activeness" of those on the Si-Ne axis (as it is happening within reality, versus within interpretive/non-reality). For instance, ISTP is probably more visibly active than INTP, even if they aren't *actually* more active if you count action on ideas as still being action. Now, whether ENTP is more visibly active than ISTP, given the Pe-lead... I don't know.

**tl;dr numero dos -- I suck at tl;dr.** Or, alternatively... the post in which tl;dr stood for "too limited; de-railing" or "too limited; demands revision."Yeesh, harsh :/ Nothing like a bit of soul-crushing before bed.&gt;And yes, everything I've ever seen on ADD suggests that it's really all about being emotionally (second person) playful. 

You haven't been out much, then. ADD/ADHD might be overdiagnosed in some cases, but I assure you that for those who have it, it is not "fun." Individuals with ADD/ADHD may be able to focus on the fun exciting things in life, but their lives are impaired and made more difficult, unpleasant, and unsatisfying due to their inability to regulate their behavior towards long-term goals (including ones they may desperately care about). It is a dysfunction in frontal lobe activity (where long-term planning, self-control, inhibition, etc., all arise), that can be very debilitating.I want to understand the core of what you are communicating here. I do think you're making a valid point, but I am not quite sure I know what it is.

I do notice differences between myself and an INTP. For myself, I wade in and start trying to construct the texture/details of the immediate environment, usually starting with what is most relevant to myself and my own interests/applications. I don't spare attention to detail, or neglect the "why," but neither do I try to set the rebar down to get the whole frame of it, like the INTP. They examine the logic of the system itself; I map and diagram it starting with the systems/areas of interest (e.g., my type, the functions of my type, the types that are nearest to me, functionally). 

It can look similar, but is clearly different. I want to understand the what and why of this here, and I will build outward from there as the situations and interests take me. Find out my best friend is ISFP? Guess what I'm going to wade over to and construct/understand/build next? The INTP has the underpinnings of what all of the domains concern, what introversion/extroversion each are, and the logical pieces that tie the whole framework together. Meanwhile, the assumptions/implications I concern myself with are usually more immediate to the areas I'm actively trying to specialize in.

So your point here definitely could be interesting (though it might also benefit from looking at how the perceiving* axes impact the use of Ti/Te, as /u/ThisWontDo alluded to below).

I do have to say that for myself, it somewhat distracts from the point that you begin with "I don't mean to disqualify Te at all," then proceed to tell Te-users to essentially go play at being doctors and CEOs, while Ti handles the *real* thinking and logic. Or that you type your classmates (or exemplify their typing for our benefit) by pointing to their cheating and copying, before so generously conceding that they might beat you at recording and regurgitating facts. Don't think that that kind of flattery is going to get you anywhere.

Basically, this is coming off like "You aren't as cool as you think you are, *we're* the cool ones! Go play with your lego kit with included instructions and let the adults work now." Which don't get me wrong, people being arrogant about their types -- incredibly annoying. I just don't know what to feel about this post besides insulted by most of the comparisons and statements.You flatter me speechless, thank you. :)&gt;The ones that do your taxes for you. The ISTJs and ESTJs and ESFJs.

Damnit, taxes!! That's what I forgot to do.

...At this rate, with my own left to do, I'm sure as heck not doing yours. Though... maybe you wouldn't want me to anymore. &gt;_&gt;Hm, I don't know that there are any Pixar movies that I absolutely didn't like, except that the Cars movies never really did it for me. I guess Pixar's sense of humor just amuses me. I particularly like how so many of them get at a different environment and way of life -- the lives of toys, bugs, monsters, fish, etc.

I was going to try to list ones I liked, but it was turning into listing all the ones that people have mentioned, except for Cars again. I don't even know if I dislike it for a fair reason. I think there just wasn't enough of a different way of life in that movie for me.

Others, like A Bug's Life, Toy Story, Wall-E, Inside Out, and Monster's Inc all create nice worlds which are alien to us, but mundane for the characters. That is an element I often like in a story. Though others that didn't necessarily have this element as much as they focused on adventure/action -- such as Up, Finding Nemo, Brave, The Incredibles -- were also good.&gt;None of this is enough to type your dad off of but I'm pretttty sure Te in general doesn't really love Ti-type riddle/thought puzzles. Hell, the ISFJ I know loves those things, me...meh.

I wonder if some of this might also have to do with Ni-Se versus Si-Ne? I generally enjoy at least a brief go at solving these puzzles, though I wouldn't waste more than 30 minutes, probably. And then, I like to hear the answer either way -- whether to confirm I was right, or to hear what the right answer was.

I enjoy when it is a turn in perspective that gives the solution, or a surprise interpretation of the wording, etc. That strikes me as a thing of Si-Ne -- a puzzle that shows an alternate interpretation or possibility that was neglected in Si's smooth model of reality. It's like wordplay and puns -- one of the hypothesized reasons for those kinds of jokes is that it gets children to develop a more nuanced and complete awareness of language. In the same way, I think Si-Ne can continue to enjoy jokes or puzzles that expose flaws in how it views reality!What makes you think they are a rare sight/that you are even typing people accurately? What environments are you looking in? What signs do you use to type a woman as having a thinking preference?&gt;I hope you don't completely die.

I just have to know what you were getting at here. Like you typically wish people to completely die, and their good points have earned them a softening of that position?

Or, you were being sarcastic about the points made, and you are actually wishing that they not die completely, such that they are forced to experience and witness the decomposition and decay of their body after their natural death?

This phrasing just implies to me that you *do* hope for (or *don't* hope against) their partial death. :P&gt;Then how about this:

&gt;Ti is never wrong, but can never prove it.    
&gt;Te is always right, and always says it.

But... I mean, using absolutes like that, you *know* that you pretty much guarantee that you've stated a falsehood, right? :P 

As for overstating correctness, that has to be Te with Se! I am usually pretty careful about qualifying how likely I am to be right -- and very rarely does that number approach 98%, let alone 100%.

&gt;:D

[(*returns smile*)](http://66.media.tumblr.com/b3b91f8ffe83963a8155e34c8a5433b5/tumblr_n2fr7dwkj61ql91j6o2_r1_500.gif)Ah! Right, context cues... Whoops! :| 

If you'll excuse me... (*climbs into the nearest bush and pretends not to be there until everyone has cleared the immediate area*)&gt;I don't think they are a rare sight. I know they are. [...] I type them based on whether they possess high Te or Ti.

...Which you determine by...?

For what it is worth, I didn't downvote you. But for someone who claimed to want to start a discussion, you're making it pretty difficult for anyone to actually discuss anything with you.

For instance, I am wondering -- do you *see* thinking preference like how some critters see ultraviolet light? Do you live in an area that has a very low population and so you know everyone in the area well enough to type them? Do you have a tendency to rigorously interview everyone you meet or see in your day to day life? Because I don't know about you, but it actually takes me some time to identify what type fits other people. Perhaps it is the lack of Fe-magic or Ni-insight.

Seems probable that you are just overconfident about typing other people, and rely on shortcuts and relatively short exposure to other people in order to do so. 

Heck, even if I gave you full credit and assumed you type others with 100% accuracy, am I to assume you're hanging out where thinking-preference women are likely to go? You go literally *everywhere* in your current locale, and type *everyone*?

It's your, "I'm right, because I am. Duh. Now tell me I'm right. Validate me." attitude that is getting you downvoted.You give me too much credit... I Ctrl+F'ed ISTJ in this thread because I'm a narcissistic bastard deep down.

I feel shame. (*hangs head*)I would imagine that they're correlated in the way that almost everything correlates at least a little bit with everything else. For a visual of what I am thinking, [check out this site](http://rpsychologist.com/d3/correlation/).

Basically, I would expect them to have some correlation, but for there to be a lot of scatter around the line. And of course, there will be a dozen (likely more) other things that correlate with *measures* of academic intelligence as well, such as environmental enrichment growing up, parent IQs, level of acculturation, degree of stereotype threat, degree of physical/mental health at time of testing, etc. 

So not meaningless, but probably over-played. That is, I think most people naturally and understandably think of the line, not the huge, slightly-tilted blob of data around it. (And of course, the simulation is a simulation -- that isn't real data and it *can* cluster closer to the line... It is just that real data rarely does. In my experience, nothing quite strikes sorrow into the heart of a researcher in the social sciences like doing a scatterplot of the .56 correlation they were so proud to obtain... :/) That isn't even beginning to factor in things like outliers (i.e., Einstein doesn't belong on this graph, and will skew the line away from what most of the blob is doing -- meaning you no longer can say much about that blob). Or the complex n-dimensional space that would incorporate all of the other meaningful correlates of academic performance.

Edit to add: Though, as a side-note about how overplayed it is, I think people probably also get their panties relatively too bunched about it as well. The fact is, academic intelligence (which I appreciate your being specific on this front) is just one narrow measure of a certain kind of problem-solving and ability sets. It does not, by itself, predict life success, interesting-ness, insight, or anything else of the sort. It is one ingredient. To say, "Well, they're intelligent, so they are probably more [interesting, successful, insightful, better at x]," is like saying, "They are more attractive, so they are probably [a better relationship partner, better at sex, more loving, friendlier]." Academic intelligence in the absence of good character, strong work ethic, appropriate experiences, good luck, etc., is about as worthless to success as good looks are to a healthy, emotionally reciprocal relationship in the absence of desirable partners, solid emotional regulation skills, etc!Your attempt to write discourse so long and gibberishy that it overwhelmed even one with capacity for great verbosity has succeeded in spades! (*showers with accolades*) :P You have bested me, ESTP.... this time.Enneagram has to do more with your basic fears (and the ways you'll screw up your life to avoid them, only to -- in the worst case scenarios -- end up bringing them upon yourself, all Oedipus-style), than about inborn ability.

Certainly some basic aspects of temperament and cognitive preferences will likely predispose you towards some types over others, but I have seen nothing in the theory to suggest enneagram type would have any remarkable heritability.

However, if you strongly attached to a type 8 father figure, you might check out type 6 -- their theoretical orientation to parents is to be attached to the typical disciplinary figure in their lives. You might also check out [intertype relationships (linked to 6 and 8)](https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/enneagram-type-6-type-8/) as well as [type misidentifications (again linked to 6 vs 8)](https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/misidentifying-6-and-8/) as a way of exploring your own type.

This isn't necessarily to say that you aren't an Enneagram 8 -- more that resources are cool, for what it's worth. Not trying to actively refute your identity, just pointing to where you can find more to read and explore.For what it's worth, your best reference is going to always be back to the deepest fear. [See edit below for more.] Twos fear being unlovable, unworthy of love. They will sacrifice themselves, give generously, and deny negative feelings (they are too kind, loving, sweet, angelic), as a way of trying to earn love from others. They can become angry and frustrated when others take them for granted and don't reciprocate as they desire -- though the others haven't always asked (or even wanted) their help. They can even become domineering in their attempts to try and be needed and worthy.

Now it isn't so much that thinkers could never be 2s, it is just that relatively speaking, it would be unusual for someone who didn't have Fe (maybe Fi? less sure on this one) to have those basic fears. We're talking so basic that they'll turn the rest of their life upside down in an attempt to make sure that they are loved and needed.

Likewise, type 8s fear being controlled or powerless -- they are used to being rejected and tend to take a defensive or hostile stance against the world that kind of says, "go ahead and fuck with me, and I'll fuck with you." They are the type to get more and more aggressive, increasingly so, without ever breaking. If pushed, they push back -- becoming more and more forceful and potentially violent (whether physically, emotionally, relationally) in their retaliation. They can be very giving and generous when self-actualized, but on the average, they'll tend to be a hardass first, and kinder and gentler in the most rare situations where they feel safe and entirely in control, without challenge. It isn't that a high-feeling type couldn't be type 8 -- it is just that relatively speaking, types with Se or Te higher in the stack (I would say Ni-Se especially) are likely to be the ones who are inclined towards those fears. 

One thing I've sometimes found helpful in typing someone is to imagine what they'd be at their deepest, darkest hour. Would they undermine, sabotage, or even murder their rivals? Would they commit suicide? Go mad with fear and paranoia? Recklessly destroy the world around them? Shut off and go into a catatonic kind of daze? Those can provide clues -- each type has a ugly end if they're at their most unhealthy.

*Edit to add:* This is not meant to suggest that this is a trivial, simple task. Just a caution against becoming enamored with the image of the type -- the Eight's bluster and strength is a defense against fearing powerlessness, and they can go so overboard in showing that they are powerful that they end up turning people against them -- thereby undermining their security and strength. The Two's loving giving nature is a desperate defense against feeling unlovable, and their gifts can come with strings and expectations and manipulations that are designed to fulfill their deepest needs instead of to actually provide a genuine offering of love. Etc.

Another way you can get at this is by considering what kind of negative feelings that they tend to evoke in others. Many times, you can see the person evoking images of their own basic fear in others. For instance, the Five, in an attempt to feel competent and capable, may trumpet it about so much that they inadvertently make others feel incompetent and stupid. The Eight in an attempt to feel strong and impervious to control may assert themselves so forcefully that they make others feel vulnerable and helpless. The Seven in an attempt to avoid negative emotions or the deprivation of boredom, may jump around and pull their playmates along so restlessly that they feel deprived of deep enjoyment, pleasure, and satisfaction. The Two in an attempt to feel lovable and like a good, giving person, may give so much and point it out so readily that they make others feel unlovable and selfish. So on and so forth.
Chalk it up to my ego then -- I don't usually downvote, because I don't want the discussion to be hostile to the point of being counterproductive. So even without you implying it, I still want it to be known, I suppose.

As for whether your replies deserved a downvote... I guess it all depends on what the purpose of reddit is, in your view. It doesn't seem like you care if I understand what methods you use to type people, or that you even really want me to be participating at all. Fair enough -- sometimes you just want to share an observation without getting into a giant debate, right? For future reference, there are probably ways you could phrase your post in order to better select for the type of people you want to participate. For instance, "Who agrees with me!?" Definitely has a different tone than, "Do you think....?"

That said, I could have been more straightforward about answering the question. I suppose I wanted to understand how you came to your conclusions, but to participate in the requested fashion:

&gt;do you think that they just say that T females are 40% to seem politically correct instead of accurate? 

Nope.That's my instinct as well.&gt;ADD and ADHD are only "not fun" when others try to force us to be lame and artificial and robotic. 

I wasn't diagnosed as a child. I can assure you that the symptoms were pretty not fun when I was consistently failing to organize and plan for long-term goals, let alone act consistently in the direction of those goals. It was the point when I found myself saying, "Maybe I don't want to be alive anymore if this is the way it is gonna keep being," that got me to realize that maybe it was something outside of my control that could be treated. And these are long term goals that I *want*. 

The page you linked also misrepresents some of the quality ADHD treatment out there. It isn't about "try harder," it is about "try different." For instance, setting up intermittent rewards so that there is an immediacy to consequences to help offset the ADHD brain's difficulties with being motivated by long-term goals. Taking frequent breaks. Medication up to the point that it helps you focus without undesired side-effects; thankfully there are many to choose from, each with a different profile of effects.

Just because some chipper kids were medicated inappropriately, or at doses that were too strong, or just because some adults have sticks up their asses and want children to be robots and treat the rest like they are disordered does *not* mean that the disorder they refer to doesn't legitimately exist for others.

It doesn't mean telling people with ADD or ADHD that they are terrible people and suck and should all die. It means being realistic and saying that some things are going to come easier for them -- for instance, environments with immediate demands, consequences, and rewards, and higher-stress environments such as working in emergency room settings, where there is a lot going on and it is all in the immediate future. Others are going to come harder for them -- environments with delayed consequences, unclear deadlines, and distant rewards. In the latter situations, they are going to require more concentrated intervention to help them make consequences immediate, and to otherwise manage their behavior towards the long-term goals. Whereas the average neurotypical person is more easily able to adjust to either situation.

It's like the brain is near-sighted with time -- as someone who is very near-sighted, I'm probably better than the average person when it comes to seeing things really close-up without glasses/contacts, but for the most part, I need glasses and contacts to function in a world where most things are beyond arm's reach. Since I don't particularly desire to do the kind of tiny, close-up work that such near-sightedness might be a gift for, I like my glasses and contacts. Another way to think of it is as being like diabetes -- a condition that needs to be managed for the rest of your life and that doesn't have to mean anything terrible, but that does benefit from being acknowledged and treated appropriately depending on your environment and goals.

ADHD for me is not "intolerance of lameness," it was not being able to accomplish the goals I most desired, and it was consistently letting down the people I most cared about, over and over and over and over again. Not having that identified and treated is what made me most sick. Now that I know what it is, I have access to a repertoire of treatment recommendations that thankfully go far beyond "try harder," as I had been told up until now *before* it was identified.For what it is worth, SJs don't have it all together as much as you might think. Pick car insurance? That's the car insurance I will *probably* have for a long time, so I don't want to half-ass it. And I can't trust anyone to tell me about their car insurance honestly, because they'll only mention the good stuff, which for all I know, is standard stuff (like the hypothetical "Sugar free!" on a container of salt), and who knows what terrible stuff they aren't telling me about (or they are, but it is in *teeny tiny* font)... so I basically have to research car insurance in general before I can even start to pick a specific company. It becomes this giant terrible project.

And knowing what I want out of life? I might when I am in my 40s, and I may be very happy with it. So in that way, perhaps I would have you beat in a couple more decades. But right now -- I think Ne anywhere in the stack can add a sense of impermanence and flux. Probably moreso the higher in the stack, but SJs are not suddenly impervious to it.

There are a lot of things I still ponder and am not sure what to feel about -- though many of them I will keep to myself. And what I want to do... I knew what I wanted to major in at a young age, but a lot of my other decisions have been about keeping my options open until the last moment. Thankfully I found a topic I want to research in time for my dissertation -- I was honestly afraid I wouldn't be able to. And doing my dissertation is not some cakewalk of undisturbed self-control either. And leaving my options open has bit me in the ass because I have *no idea* what I want to do for my career, still. I want to be sure I can be good at it, and a lot of the options are intimidating and demanding. Yet I wouldn't be happy doing something trivial, easy, or routine.

It might be that SJs are less open about where they are struggling -- or that there is a certain striving for security and stability. I do think that is true. I think people look at old SJs and their stability and mistake it for some old traditional passively inherited kind of way of being. There is actually a lot of fighting to get to that place where you feel you can belong and contribute -- and that fighting stage can take a while. I want to get to a place where I have a stable lifestyle -- not a dull, monotonous one, but one where I am assured of continues improvement in a field that has variety and interest, and that is worthy of specialization, and where I am assured that I can maintain control enough to probably never fuck it up too bad. And once I have that, I am going to cling to it and bite anyone who tries to take it from me.

But I didn't come out of the womb with that in hand, and it wasn't given to me by my parents, by an institution, or by anyone. I am still fighting to shape it for myself.I would really be interested to hear your evidence for:

&gt;(1) ADHD doesn't have symptoms, though.

&gt;(2) playful, creative (iNtuiting) approach  [as equivalent to ADHD?]

&gt;(3) What every gifted individual has, though, is a challenging time dealing with a whole bunch of other, not-so-gifted individuals  [I'd assert that many cope fine -- for instance, Feynman had a brilliant mind -- starting by not setting themselves up as demigods among cattle. I can see how that perspective would make it more challenging]

&gt;(4) ADD (iNtuiting) and Hyperactivity (Extraversion) are the peak functioning brain traits for first and second person perspective taking. (Thinking and Perceiving are the third and fourth person perspective level peak brain functioning.)

Those are all statements extreme enough that I have to wonder what kind of backing you have for them -- unless it is just that they make sense to you? I don't think even the guy you cited would go this far.

Also, with respect to this:

&gt;It took me many, many years to start believing that it was the mainstream types who were confused and sick (especially the profiteering corporate drug dealers), not me.

First a statement: Sickness is indeed relative to a degree. Take two people who are terrified of spiders, plop one in northern Canada where it is so cold that I doubt they have many, and take one and plop them in the middle of Texas, where large critters are much more common... and you have one person who is not impaired by their spider phobia, and one person who is. That impairment is an important and subjective part of diagnosis that isn't always clear-cut -- sometimes the limitations in what situations are or are not impairing gets factored in as well.

If you find an environment that works for you and you're happy in it, and not interfering with the rights and liberties of others, power to you. There's no reason you should do anything different. However, there are others who want to function in different environments and find they can't because of these traits you are celebrating. They don't want to function in those environments because they were told they had to, they want it because it is personally important to them.

------

On a more basic level though, I think this may be a fundamental disagreement/debate we're not going to be able to resolve, though that doesn't mean I am uninterested in continuing the discussion. I just imagine we'll hit some areas where more words won't change things. And, based on what you've written here, I'm thinking my damaged, diseased, dumb judging-sensor brain is unlikely to generate an opinion that has any value to you?

However, because I am not gifted in being able to shut my face in a discussion, any more than I am in extroversion, intuiting, or perceiving, I'll go ahead and use words anyways, in the event that you do see value in this discussion or... I don't know, that you feel indulgent?

My approach to typing -- where I think we come at this from fundamentally incompatible assumptions/perspectives -- has been to view these tendencies as, (1) tendencies, not overwhelming rifts in ability and value, and (2) as value-neutral. Certain preferences might be useful in different environments, and clearly there is a way of saying "we're all equal" that amounts to feel-good horn-tooting. However, value is such a nebulous, multi-faceted, multiply-defined concept that I don't think it makes sense to assign value to humans except with respect to narrowly defined contexts with clearly defined goals (by which value can be assessed). 

If you step outside of context, to try to make an "objective" statement of value, I think there are basic moral and practical reasons for roughly assigning equal value. (Even in -- or perhaps *especially in* extreme cases.) Ultimately, humanity is a social species that benefits (as so many other social *and* asocial species do) from diversity. There are many ways of providing value to the human environment as a whole, and the act of recognizing the abstract potential for value in everyone directly facilitates finding ways for diverse societal and individual needs to be met by the diverse individuals within that society. Many functioning societies have a variety of contrasting roles -- for instance, the king who leads, and the jester/fool who provides critique through humor. It's a social ecosystem that requires these multiple roles to be filled.

In particular, I don't subscribe to, (and biases notwithstanding, I don't think most others here subscribe to) the notion that some personality types or preferences are inherently and objectively superior to all others. Which sounds like it may be a point we simply have to agree to disagree on.You can strive for security and stability too, yanno? :P I didn't say *succeeding*, just you know, wanting it, and trying a lot.

[Gotta belieeeeeeve!](https://behapy.s3.amazonaws.com/86/48/828648/preview.png)There are a *lot* of calculations your brain does without involving you. 

Consider if someone threw something your way and you catch it. You're not consciously factoring in the arc it's traveling at, the deceleration as it hits peak altitude and begins to fall towards the ground, the subtle way it is spinning, how long it would take for you to get within reach of it, the projected range of positions it will be in by the time you get there, and all the precise movements that are involved in getting you there -- ultimately diving to the ground to catch where it is going to be 2.4 full seconds from the moment you noticed the throw. Your brain handles almost all of that for you.

Likewise, there are going to be a number of social calculations your brain does without you. Some are easy to quantify and understand as lay people -- for instance, when someone is smiling, most of us automatically interpret it as happy, without needing to learn or consciously come to that conclusion. Most of us also can pick up on more subtle muscular cues, like how much their eyes are crinkling, which can tell you whether it is a voluntary/manual/more artificial smile, or a genuine/unplanned/spontaneous smile.

Others are harder to quantify but are undoubtedly important to your brain. For instance, as social animals, it is important for us to be able to assess what kind of threat another person poses, and what kind of social status they possess. Some of the threat might be measured just on their sheer size and muscularity... however, a lot is also going to be determined by their social cues.

For instance, I read once that one way that people signal status is by maintaining more distance between them and others. It isn't like they're holding up a yard stick and keeping you exactly 4 feet away, it is just that when you start to cross that boundary they might (hypothetically) subtly stiffen, shift slightly away, break eye-contact and look to the side, angle their body away, make a microexpression of impatience or discomfort. Those will stop you in your tracks, because you're wired to read that just as much as you are wired to process the trajectory of an object that is in flight in your direction. (You can train it to improve it immensely, but neurotypical people generally can at least do the basic processing enough to dodge/catch reasonably thrown objects.)

I imagine what you pick up on are subtleties in how they react to the environment (e.g., how immediately, how strongly, with how much interest or intensity), including the environment that is you as people. Things like -- if someone shouts, and your friend is closer to the window and then glance out and look back at you, your interest probably drops. Take the same shout and have your friend look out the window, do a double-take, then look back to you... huh, what was that? Same shout again, and the friend looks out the window, widens their eyes, and then stares in that direction, no longer responding to you... Now you'd be really interested in wtf is going on outside the window. You are processing the meaning of your friend's responses without trying. These examples are very obvious, but you'd be able to pick up the more subtle ones too. For instance, seeing your friend zone out slightly as their eyes track to the side, and you might automatically know, "my friend just saw a very attractive human being behind me."

You just can't really put words to the specific details you are noticing, because some of it isn't involving your conscious brain. Just like if someone asked, "What made you know to catch that with your right hand?" you'd be like, "Um... it... just was... the right thing to do. I dunno."I would say that they are like a double-edged sword. I'll keep using the catching analogy...

Most people can reasonably throw and catch ball-like objects. However, some objects are very difficult to throw and catch. For instance, take someone who throws and catches hammers. Our brain takes short-cuts. It doesn't say, "Oh, this is a hammer, and the head is X times more dense than the handle, so I have to throw and catch it differently."

However, if you train with that hammer for long enough you can become a pro at juggling them.

Likewise, I think that those with a lot of solid experience with valid examples of each type will be able to use their gut senses better. They are like the hammer-throwing individual. However, the less trained, the more likely they're going to biff it and not be able to catch or throw the hammer well (i.e., their gut responses will mislead them).

What complicates things is if you are not in-person, and you are consuming a presentation of the individual that is (1) colored by being an intentional performance, (2) colored by just being in the public eye, (3) simply not in person -- I would not react to a video of something coming at me like I would to an actual object flying at me... It makes everything harder and less reliable. That said, you can probably still quickly judge in a flash -- even on video -- whether the object thrown towards you/the camera was an orange or a kitten. Some things are just easier to discern based on vibes. Now, grey kitten versus grey poodle -- that might take practice.Seems like you're maybe on the Te-Fi axis. Things that sway me this way: You mention not liking when others mess with how things are done; you appreciate being able to rely on the structure provided by your Te-using supervisors and peers; there is a relative lack of defensiveness regarding what sounds like a kind of blunt/rough Te-over-Fi style of interacting. These all suggest to me that you appreciate, maintain, and harmonize well with Te-Fi judging styles and structures. From Fe-over-Ti, I'd expect a little more objection to "tone"; from Ti-over-Fe, I'd expect a little more objection to the structure of how things are done.

I am less sure, but thinking *perhaps* Fi over Te, based on your dislike for the ESTJ on account of being unable to get her to open up, and you seem to have a very nuanced sense of how close you are and compatible you are with each of the individuals you mention. (Though that could be a function of how you set out to write the post.) You also mention getting along very well with a Fi-over-Te individual, being able to be honest with her, though you're frustrated by conflicts in your judgments -- perhaps suggesting that where she is a perceiving-dom, you may be more of a judging-dom? That is, while *she* might be saying, "Eh, I mean, sure they suck, but I am going to do what I can do in my sphere and I don't care so much about figuring out whether they suck," it is much more important to you that those judgments correctly made and recognized.

Then (with decreasing uncertainty), I hesitantly am thinking Fi-dom, and thinking between ISFP and INFP. Nothing you've said suggests to me that you are Ti-Fe instead of Fi-Te. Your focus on being able to appreciate but not quite read Te-doms, and your ability to be relatively more frank and open with Fi-users seems to support Fi over Te as well. The importance of judgments about the upper-level supervisors for you, relative to the ESFP suggests that judging-based evaluations may have a lot of improtance for you, relative to someone with a more perceiving-dom style.

So then to decide between sensing and intuiting... That is where I am much less sure and have very little I am going on. The main thing I see here is that you mention people pushing things to a point -- some people push it past the line, some don't. You seem to have a very immediate sense of what is appropriate for the current, nuanced, vivid, immediate situation that I don't feel like I have. Though that's a kind of wobbly bit of evidence. (I imagine Fi-Se/Se-Fi as pointing to the ground and saying, "Duh, *here's* the line between appropriate and inappropriate. How don't you *see* that?") I also am going a bit off of your interactions with the INFP -- you describe yourself as being the one to habitually take action on ideas, which seems to suggest possible differences in perception axes. And I could see her reproach of you for being offensive/inappropriate being a kind of "correcting" impulse. That is, you'd be so similar in judgment process (based on both being Fi-dom), except Ne is a bit softer than Se, in my experience as Si-Ne user. So she might be agreeing with your process, but asking you to soften it (i.e., be less Se). If I want to support this further, I can point to you getting on with and understanding the ENTJ a bit better than the STJs, who seem to be a bit inscrutable to you. 

I can see my conclusion isn't well-matched to the others who have guessed, but... eh. :P So to recap, what I am most confident about (a whole 82%-ish!) -- probably Te-Fi axis. Seems like you are a judging-dom (64% confident), and maybe Fi over Te, given focus on interpersonal relations with a bent towards authenticity in relating -- ability to joke, tease, and appreciating individual differences in how easy their jokes are to read, etc, versus a more shared sense of how jokes should be made so that no one gets hurt, for instance, that I notice in my INFJ friend (64% confident). That leaves ISFP and INFP, and if I had to wager money on one over the other, I'm about at 55% confidence for ISFP.

Hope this helps you out, and isn't wildly and embarrassingly off-the-mark :)I agree with others here, that *accurate* generalizations are not the problem. 

I have seen the type of reactions against generalization that you describe or allude to. The, "well yes, this popular type is typically described as having a range of traits, but I can also be the popular type even though I don't fit any of it because I am *also* an awesome and valid human being." I think this stems somewhat from the poor generalizations about other types though -- some types are described as more human than others (in terms of having variety, complexity, emotions, struggles, aspirations, etc). 

----

*Generally uneven generalizing*

That is where I take issue with generalizations -- it is when some types or functions are painted with more nuance, complexity, and more of a positive angle, whereas others get a cardboard cut-out kind of characterization that is flat and unidimensional, and/or that has a dubiously positive/largely negative spin. (For instance, "Sometimes Ti has to try to be sensitive, but they're super smart!" whereas, "Fi can be artistic which is cool... though they're mad crazy fuckers who are selfish and demanding in interpersonal relationships." One positive and one negative for each, but the characterization is different -- and obviously exaggerated to make a point.)

Sure, types share characteristics, that's why we're here. But don't give me five paragraphs about all the different sides of the ENTP, and how the tert-Fe makes them capable of warmth and interpersonal success, and the Ne-Ti makes them a fountain of innovative and well-tested ideas that generally have logical rigor, and then tell me about how ENFPs are nothing more than a marshmallow fountain of personal feelings and fluff (from the Ne-Fi), not to be taken seriously whatsoever.

What about the tert-Te? I can't really think to times where I've actually heard regular discussion of how tert-Te might make ENFPs capable of convincing logical arguments. Any Ne-dom comedian who is warm and smart gets ENTP (tert-Fe man!) and any Ne-dom comedian who logic-smashes a topic gets ENTP (that Ti, wow!), leaving only Ne-doms that are clearly zany beyond relevance or a beyond logic to be classified as ENFP. It just doesn't make sense.

You see the same thing with ISFJ versus INFJ. That Ni-Fe is far reaching, seeing beyond what is here in the present and piercing the veil of reality to see the meaning beneath. The Fe provides emotional wisdom and connection, as well as a self-sacrificing tendency, whereas that tert-Ti allows them to be intellectual, smart, and wide-reaching in their theories and understanding. And ISFJs... you know, they're short-sighted (Si), self-sacrificing (Fe) moms. Like... you know, they nag you out of love and make you awesome lunches, and even though they're kinda dumb when it comes to the stuff you care about, you know they love you and mean well. What about *their* tert-Ti? Why doesn't it make them masters of theory-building, with a slightly stronger focus on stable/complete systems (Si-Ti) than their INTP (Ti-Si) peers? 

So my objection (when I have one) isn't the generalizing about ENTPs and ENFPs, or INFJs and ISFJs. It is that there is relatively *more* generalization towards some types and some function axes and preferences, and relatively more nuance, depth, and humanity towards other types, function axes, and preferences. Which then leads around to the problem you notice -- where someone is saying, "No, I am not a shallow cog in the machine! I have depth and feelings too, even if I *don't* fit any of the descriptions of INFJ, I know I am an INFJ because I am a human, whereas the other type descriptions don't fit because I am not a cog."

----

*The conspiracy, man!*

Of course, this is one of those macro-level issues, and one that is perpetrated more by accident, on websites that carry descriptions, and by select users who are doing their very best to be fair and open-minded with the information they've had presented to them. I certainly *don't* think it is any kind of deep or malicious conspiracy. I mean, if I was asked to write a music blog, I'd write volumes about the music I like and then have maybe a page each to the genres that don't capture me. Now if I present myself as an authority on *only* the music I like, we're okay. But I view myself as a scholar of music in general, so I present those other single pages, and I don't really go out of my way to tell people that I don't know *shit* about classical music and that it is definitely way more interesting than I even understand (let alone am capable of communicating). 

(*Edit to add*: A better, but less common approach, would be to go out of your way to say why you are wrong or at least where your information is limited, as advised by Feynman in a [1976 commencement talk he delivered](http://calteches.library.caltech.edu/51/2/CargoCult.htm), which is [narrated here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvfAtIJbatg). He talks of scientists -- I would extend this to all people speaking with presumed authority. Quote: "I’m talking about a specific, extra type of integrity that is not lying, but bending over backwards to show how you’re maybe wrong, that you ought to do when acting as a scientist.  And this is our responsibility as scientists, certainly to other scientists, and I think to laymen.")

So it is a function of human nature that the things we find interesting are often those which we devote our attentions to. I don't think there is any deep conspiracy to belittle the ISFJs of the world. But when the non-ISFJs create those resources which go into less depth about the ISFJs, the people who go to those pages are less likely to come away with a full understanding of ISFJs, and are less likely to find them interesting, relatable, etc., and less likely to recognize themselves as ISFJ if they indeed are... which begins to create some unfortunate consequences in the long-run, if this ISFJ-identifying-INFP then goes on to create their own blog, or write about their experiences as an "INFP" and all their depth and etc.... and from that perspective, they *can't* see ISFJs objectively, and so on *their* resource page, they're likely to describe them in an even *more* skewed fashion... and it all continues.

[*Insert descent into nihilism, existential despair, the futility of communication, we're all going to die, etc.*]&gt;with Fi users they are more likely to have an inner circle [...] Fe users are more open, but relationships have less depth and are more participate at your own will [...] Ti element provides for a certain lone wolf aspect

This is an interesting way of looking at it. I suspect both thinking types can have a kind of lone element to them -- except Ti wants to be a part of the pack, and Te wants to have a family (that inner circle). However, both, for their own reasons, may struggle to actually meet their needs. Whereas perhaps Fi would sometimes long to be an independent solider, free of the burdens that come with providing for one's family?

&gt;The way you approached this is pretty clever.

I agree -- it is an interesting way to go about requesting a typing! The only potential problem is with whether the others are typed accurately. But even then, it seems to have potential for being less biased than just talking about oneself.

&gt;I can relate to this quite a bit, particularly the part about talking about someone behind their backs. 

Do you feel strongly about the OP being Ti-Fe over Fi-Te? 

I can relate to not wanting to talk to someone behind their backs, but it isn't so much for the group harmony (which sometimes favors and encourages gossip, such as when the person has low social status). It is more about preserving the opportunity to connect with others, and not being dishonest or unfair in order to gain social favor.

I am interested in people, and I feel that it is possible to have meaningful connections with just about anyone. Everyone is fascinating if you talk to them long enough or about the right things. Their thought processes, their passions, their perspectives, all of it. If I talk behind people's backs (in a negative way, which belittles them as a person before I've gotten to know them as a person), then I feel very dishonest and kind of disgusted with myself when I find myself with the opportunity to connect to them -- because inevitably, the more I get to know someone, the more I can have a kind of understanding and compassion for them. The more their individual value becomes abundantly clear, alongside whatever individual deficits they have. 

Everyone's actions make sense from within their perspective. So mentioning only the deficits feels cheap and objectifying in a way -- like a dirty act to fit in and socialize that I later regret if I ever come to be faced with that person, and with the opportunity to see them as a complete person. As an analogy, it feels like talking about someone based on something superficial (like -- to use stereotypes -- talking about a woman as just this hot pair of tits and long legs, who wears too much makeup but would be hot in bed; or talking about a man as powerful and successful, and great with lavishing gifts on his dates, despite being blind to how little others respect him)... and then actually dating them, and getting to know them, and getting to really like them, all while having to know that you said all of that belittling stuff about them behind their back, reducing them to superficial qualities and a topic for gossip. "Now that you know me, I'm interesting huh? What happened to me just being a wallet/pair of tits?" That is the kind of accusation I'd imagine in my head, if they knew I had talked behind their back about them.

So usually, if I am talking about one person to another, I try to be balanced and fair to them. I want it to be something that if they heard, they could see merit in, and that they could still feel respected by what I say of them.

I dunno, what do you think? And /u/TheGreatFantasmo, what are your thoughts? Can you say more (if you haven't already) about what feels uncomfortable about talking about people behind their backs?

&gt;It was just a guess because every high level Ni user I know always talks about the bigger picture, especially when disagreeing with an Si user. 

Yeah, I think "big picture" means something different to Ni and Si. To me, "big picture" means being able to see the broad context and all the variables at play. For instance, the big picture of the financial system in a country would be all of the internal dynamics, all of the international dynamics, and every little piece -- like the textbook explaining it, and it is what it is (without a point or agenda, just a large dynamic system). Whereas "big picture" for Ni seems to mean "the basic point, the most important stuff, the conclusion, the main idea, what things are driving towards." Ni can narrow in on probable conclusions so well, it's uncanny from my perspective! But at times, it can also seem oversimplified or like it is the right gamble -- but doesn't take the possibility of being wrong very seriously.

&gt;So I have a specific way of thinking about types.

This way of thinking about them is cool. Is it something you came up with on your own, or something that you adapted or drew on other sources for? I am trying to think how those might be operationalized in terms of functions (either individual ones, axes, or pairs).

In a similar way I am wondering how they might align with quadra-based distinctions and values. Have you read up much on [the individual quadras](sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/)? Do you have a sense of which resonate with you and which definitely don't?

Sometimes, I think it is more helpful to look at what function axes you definitely do and do not have (driving at what quadra you are in) and then examining the more subtle distinctions within that quadra, than trying to look at whether you have thinking over feeling, or whether you lead with sensing, since thinking over feeling looks radically different when it is Te &gt; Fi versus Ti &gt; Fe, and sensing pref looks radically different when it is Si-dom/aux versus Se-dom/aux.

What you've said in this thread strikes me as gamma quadra. "We're getting trapped in details here" makes me think of the Ni-Se axis, definitely. And I'm still seeing Fi-Te, but that's just me. :)

What doesn't feel like it fits for ISFP? Have you considered INTJ, and does anything jive or seem wrong about that? I can read what you wrote in the OP and see INTJ fitting. Also, did you add the bit about the ISFP co-worker, or did I just have a reading failure when I first read your post? :) Any reason you qualify sensor with Se? I suppose you do illustrate that the bias takes different forms depending on the sensing preference -- like Se is cool, everyone sees that. So what is with this intuitive bias people yammer about, when no one is saying that Se isn't cool?

But man, those SJs. What close-minded little fuckers they all are. Yes?

It all started with Kiersey... That knob. :/&gt;The entire song is about describing this one woman, and I was wondering about her type. I was mostly considering ESTP, ESFP, ENFJ, and ESFJ.

Cool! Do you have a similar "top four types" list for the other three? If not, can you construct one? If so, what are they, and are I hope they would be exclusive (i.e., all are included, and none are duplicated)? If they are not exclusive, could you think of a scheme that fits well enough in which they *are* exclusive?

Feel free to answer only some of those, ha. It is an interesting division, and I would enjoy having it alongside Socioncs, purer JCF, and more mainstream MBTI as another way of thinking about people and the types!

What is it that gives you a "definitely not Delta"? Is it aspects of the quadra, or just that you have a lot of examples of these quadras (relative to the others), and so it is pretty clear that you do not relate to them in a way that feels like you share quadra values?

I do think that the quadra stereotypes you cite are simplifications -- I would look at which are blocked as values, and you'd probably be leaning towards one set over the other. For instance, within [Delta quadra](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Delta) I definitely identify with the things under "Te blocked with Si" *much* more than Ne blocked with Fi, though I appreciate those things in others and would shyly and happily participate in those activities given the right context.

The weakest two functions for my stack (Fe blocked with Ni) are also the ones that make me most uncomfortable -- and I definitely identify more with wry understatement and neutrality than dramatics, as it notes. Whereas the Se blocked with Ti is true, but something I less strongly identify with.

So if you look at each of the quadras that you're debating between, how do you feel about each of the pair blocks, from options like "This fits me," "This is not me, but I appreciate it in others," "This doesn't fit well at all," "I dislike this," etc? It might be helpful to include Delta quadra in this.

Initially I was able to see myself in Alpha quadra and I think it is because I am a perceiving-dom and it is the Alpha quadra that shares a perceiving axis with Deltas.

&gt;In terms of ISFP not connecting, I think its the Sensing. I'm not great at aesthetics, being assertive, taking action, connecting to my body, etc. 

A couple of thoughts here -- bulleted as a way of controlling my tendency to ramble :)

First, if you were ISFP, Se would serve and support your Fi. You noticed that your Te-dom supervisors have a kind of law and structure that you can lean on, and that seems firm and directive -- is that fair to say? Yet as ISTJ, I actually don't use my Te with others that much. I use it when I structure arguments and communicate my perspective towards others, but I sure as hell don't want to be in a position of authority over others. I'm an introvert and I would much rather do my own thing. Te comes in to support Si, but it is not as visible in my behavior, at least not in the way that it shows up in Te-doms.

It would be the same with ISFP -- your personality would be dominated by Fi-based value judgments and understandings. Se would support those. So for instance, if someone was being an asshat and you wanted to communicate that to them, you may be able to use your body and a kind of force to communicate it (e.g., flipping them off or something else very immediate like that). But you wouldn't be Se-dom -- the expression of Se would be in a supportive role and would not be a major characteristic of how you express yourself.

I don't know about awareness of surroundings -- that I would expect a bit -- though it would all again be to support Fi. So if your Fi-based judgments were "offline," Se might not orient to the environment so much. Just like when I am just browsing reddit, I am like a sea-creature with my mouth wide open for plankton -- it is only when I run into something I want to opine about that I experience Te as much, and that will be the vehicle for my communication. But ultimately, I have a Si-based perspective.

I think Fi-Se/Se-Fi gets too little credit for being sensible and reasonable. I am pretty sure one of my supervisors is ESFP, and she isn't expressive in the way that one might associate with Fe. She is just... exactly herself. Her emotions are displayed at the exact strength she feels them. If she feels skeptical, you'll see in her half smile and the way her eyebrows are -- and she'll be looking at you when she makes the expression. She won't be gazing off looking skeptical about what you said. Her expressions invite interaction just by how immediate and directional they are. If her emotions and attention were a light, they would be a flash-light.

Now, I would expect ISFP to be *much* more subdued in terms of physicality/immediacy than that. The value judgments and emotional tone of those judgments would be introverted -- not necessarily shared in the way that they would be when extroverted Se is leading (with Fi as support). I would expect ISFP to have a clearer sense of their values, what they like and appreciate in others and in situations, and to generally act in accordance with that. If necessary to share those views, though, I would expect ISFP to use Se as their vehicle in a more subdued way than ESFP -- it would show up in how grounded their discussion would be, the details they'd use to support their judgments, etc. For instance, saying, "The way Eshi took credit for that was bullshit. We/You put in a lot of work." There is just an immediate, factual, concrete... just a quality of communication that I see in Se-Ni. It isn't all about athleticism, and certainly not about aesthetics, which I think can be as much (sometimes more) a Si-based thing. It isn't necessarily about taking action so much as the type of action you take -- Ne taking action in ideas, and Se taking actions in space/now. Si forming models of reality, Ni forming models of meaning. Think of how ISTP or INTP are -- Ti is building models of reality, but it isn't until you get the Ti-user actually communicating that you see Ne or Se in more visible expression. Otherwise, you'd almost have to stalk them to see what their attention is drawn to in terms of what they build their Ti-based models around.

It isn't necessarily connecting to your body in a feeling it, in a "totally mindful of the now" way, when it is an auxiliary function -- at least not to my understanding. It seems more -- to the best that I can tell -- having a clear link to the basic fact of now. Now is now. This is what it is. It just is. That might sound ridiculous, but for myself as a Si-dom, now is actually a little (maybe a lot) hazier than that. I mean, sure, now is now, but it always could be, and what if it was, and what if it is tomorrow, and how would I deal with that, and am I missing anything? (And my gamma-quadra supervisors are like, "You stop overthinking and deal with now, duh. CTFD and quit being such an anxious mess." To which I would say that I wasn't even feeling anxious, I just wanted to clarify. It is all those details that make reality tangible for me -- otherwise it is a cloud of maybes. Whereas they, both Ni-Se ENTJ and Se-Ni ESFP, seem to have more of a sense of these things in now could mean this or that, and could imply this or that action -- where "this or that" is drawn from a shorter list based on a more complex model of meaning. Kind of like [this picture](https://www.microsoft.com/typography/ctfonts/science_of_word_recognition_files/Figure4.gif), or perhaps [this one](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*VSJUTxq5txJJlSyTK9UopA.png) -- except *infinitely* complex of course, and applied to larger-scale concepts and features. There is a very well-developed meaning-making model that reacts to input from the outside world and outputs probable meanings.

As for INTJs and how expressive they should or shouldn't be... I don't know. It really depends a lot on the individual, how they were raised, and other motivational features that are better described by things like the Enneagram model of personality. (Where personal fears and aspirations are taken into account -- whereas MBTI only describes style, and doesn't necessarily restrict activities or interests as much as some might act like it would.) They're going to share that tendency to not want to be dramatic with their emotions -- and with Fi-tert, there may be a tendency to devalue their emotions or value-judgments in favor of external logic. Since they are perceiving-dom, perceiving would come first, and when judgments are made (as a secondary line of action), it would be through Te more than Fi. So Fi is kind of last on the totem pole in a way, even though Se would be inferior.

The quality of your messages (not value-quality, but felt sense quality) definitely strikes me as Ni-Se though! It just doesn't seem scattered/spacey like both Si-Ne and Ne-Si can be. Si being relatively more one step removed from reality (as they're relating to it through introverted models and symbols of reality), and Ne being perhaps a few steps more removed (since that modeling of reality takes a secondary role to ideas and possibilities about what could be real). You seem more tangible and present.I gotta play some devil's advocate here and say that I think Se can be quite great at observing others and building models of their behavior -- it is just that Se will be busy with the nitty gritty of observing and applying, and their theories will likely be more applicable and less verbalized as a result. Whereas Ni will identify more with the symbols of meaning, and will take a few steps back from reality, and their models can sometimes suffer as a result, leading them to omit necessary details or observations because they're not focused on the observations as much as on the model/symbols of meaning.

That is, I think sometimes Se's ability to reason and make meaning in the moment is underestimated, and the accuracy/completeness/richness of Ni's models is overestimated. Though of course, the reality of either function is that both processes are in play, probably working together, with one relatively more dominant than the other (but I'd argue it would never be absent).

If someone has models of reality that are rich and accurate and something they can verbalize/solidly set forward, but also support with ample detail, I'd be more inclined to say they were a judging-dominant with Ni/Se in the middle of the stack... But this is also me going a little further off the path into my perspective on it.

I'm also going to page /u/ThisWontDo and /u/Komatik as INTJs who might be able to speak to Ni-dominance, how Te presents itself, and how expressive INTJs might tend to be (and in what situations, etc.). Or at the least say whether I've lost whatever tenuous grasp I have on understanding Ni-Se :P&gt;I don't see any reason to doubt O.P. here. 

Oh, definitely no reason to doubt OP here, just a source of uncertainty that I guess I felt the compulsive need to note :P I'm comfortable assuming they are accurate typings for the sake of all other discussion.

&gt;His last reply to me showed the depth of his Fe-Ti that is characteristic of INFJs.

See, and I am just as convinced of Fi-Te, ha. I have an INFJ best friend who is very intolerant of my ENTJ supervisor because of the blunt and impersonal nature of Te. It just chafes at her like nothing else. I find it hard to imagine a Fe-dom/aux being unbothered by the relatively impersonal and sometimes rough nature of Te.

I often find myself defending my ENTJ supervisor to my INFJ friend, and it seems to kill her that I can say that his statement of facts -- however harsh -- were facts and that that does not bother me. She is more convinced that there should be some effort to communicate kindly and gently with supervisees, and seems to feel that as a priority *above* the accuracy of the feedback. (Not explicitly so -- I am sure she would not argue that he should lie. But I think that truthfulness does not trump gentleness, whereas for me, it unquestionably does.)

I also see Fe as -- to the extent that it attends to ethical and value-based structures -- being more global in nature. It is going to look for shared ethics and shared morality still, as an extroverted function. It is going to be relatively less interested in modeling all of the individual, nuanced, and conflicting value-judgments of others -- though it may maintain an overarching, shared value of affirmation/validation. I don't see it as being as concerned with individual morality for individual morality's sake though.

That isn't a huge theme in the OP's post, but there were lots of little flavors that struck me as more of that individual, introverted Fi, than the shared extroverted Fe. Also paired with the explicit appreciation for a shared external judgment around impersonal actions and procedures, and not liking it when those external procedural structures are challenged or disrupted.

That is where I am thinking ISFP -- and I could see ISFP and INFJ coming across as similar, from a distance, as both would have interpersonal qualities, both are introverts, and both have the Ni-Se axis. Except for ISFP, the modeling involves value-judgments, with attention to Se-based shared perception, and for INFJ, the modeling is through the meaning-making structures of Ni, with an attention to Fe-based shared value judgments.

I think they can look quite similar in the way that ISTJ and INTP can look similar, with similar attention to detail and modeling, similar introversion, but ISTJ is modeling reality through Si, using Te-based external logic, and INTP is modeling logic through Ti, with attention to Ne-based possibilities. But both can explore an area in their own way and arrive at similar depth in their own ways.

**Edit to add**: After further discussion, it seems like perhaps Ti-Fe is the fit. Can you say more about what you notice about the depth of Fe-Ti? I do still feel that Fe would not be leading -- that there would be Ti-Fe (as Ti would be much more tolerant of Te's rough play, I would expect, and it could explain some of the conflict with Fi-users that is described). The focus on relationships and interpersonal dynamics could just be a function of how the post is structured?

I'll also poke through your discussions with the OP though, so if you describe more about what you see of Ti-Fe there, no worries about reproducing it here. Though if you feel strongly about Fe-Ti over Ti-Fe, I'd be curious to hear why! I think Ni-Se can add a lot of force to judging functions, so I wonder if Ti-Se in ISTP and Ti-Se in INFJ might feel like they out-Ti you in a way because of that kind of grounded forcefulness from Ni-Se?&gt;Lots of "Fits" with caveats for Alphas and Betas. Mix of "Fits" and "Not Fits" with Gammas. 

...Well... you're wrong because what you say doesn't fit what I expect. :|

That's what I want to say, ha. I guess if a lot is fitting with Alpha/Beta, that suggests you probably do use Ti-Fe instead of Fe-Ti. Perhaps I've just had or attended to a too limited (or too negatively biased) exposure to how Ti-Fe interacts with Fi-Te?

A lot of the stereotypes of Ti seem to apply to Te-Si as well, and a lot of the stereotypes of Te seem to apply to Ti-Se as well. That is, I think the perceiving axis has an impact on how judgments are acted on -- Se lends force, and Ne softens. Whereas the stereotypes of Te/Ti seem to be too heavily weighted by Te in NTJs and Ti in NTPs (Te-Se versus Ti-Ne).

So... what about ISTP? I could see ISTP liking that the details of the situation are taken care of and they can be free to do their job and take care of their area without dealing with a lot of bs. Your compatibility with the INFJ could be explained this way -- given that they would have your tert/aux functions, and you would have their tert/aux functions. There'd likely be a mutual respect and understanding, with you each contributing unique value and observations

ISFP hating you could be a Ti versus Fi clashing. Attention to relationships is hard to evaluate just given the nature of how the post is structured -- so it could be overestimated. There is also a sense of relating to others being a lower priority than taking valued action, which could point to Ti-Se. not exclusively, but I can definitely see a case for it. And Ti-Se would have that tert-Ni which would be a very capable model of meaning that the ISTP could use to interpret and make meaning of the current situation.

Ti over Fe would also explain tolerance of the relative roughness of Te, which from my limited exposure, has not been something that jives well with Fe. Te can be kind of dickish :)

It is also not uncommon for types with similar dom/aux, except in opposite orientation (e.g., Ti-Se and Si-Te) to have similar interests but entirely different languages and focuses. 

Have you considered ISTP? Does it seem probable? Your attention to action (e.g., being frustrated with INFJ not working, with ENTP taking their time) makes me lean away from thinking you'd be Alpha... And if you're not Fi-Te, I'd expect Ti over Fe, for the reason of how much clash I've seen being possible between Fe and Te. Though I'll admit that doesn't necessarily explain you getting along well with ESFP, except perhaps that the shared Se (and their being perceiving-dom) de-emphasizes the conflict between your judging functions, though you still note a bit of frustrating in this area re: upper level supervisors.&gt;If any STJs are reading this and you feel I mis-or-underrepresented you, let's not make this a disagreement

Do *you* think you  mis- or under-represented STJs?Remember that perception is more automatic than judging. Some perceptions can have a judging flavor, but that will be limited to automatic perceptions/judgments of the situation (e.g., feeling unsettled or like you might be in danger). Any reasoning will be coming from the judging functions (though it may be motivated by those initial perceptions). And likewise, planning will probably be done from judging functions as well (as informed by perceptions)... or from cognitive processes outside the MBTI system.

&gt;But if their plan fails because of an unknown variable, I feel that causes them frustration, as if their plan should have accounted for that, and since it didn't, it wasn't as perfect as they thought.

I have an ENTJ supervisor, and that is not how Ni-Se works for him (though some of that might come from the combination with Te). I like the metaphor that /u/dolandump2016 used, about the "red line in the story." So even in a field involving diagnosis, where applying the "correct line" is a part of his job, he'll develop a hypothesis in the moment and ask questions to make sure additional evidence is consistent (to a minimum standard of certainty; not to make sure it is Absolutely Correct), and that any *major* differential diagnoses have been done (only those that are most likely *and* that would impact immediate recommendations). He absolutely *won't* account for every variable though, which I actually find fairly frustrating at times. Even though I admire his skills, it is just not a style that is compatible with how I think about things.

He's much more of the "if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it is a duck -- we don't need to rule out whether it is an odd type of goose specific to this region. Sure that's a possibility, and I appreciate your attention to the literature on duck-like geese, but it would be a waste of time when it looks *that* much like a duck. And even if it was a goose, would we do anything different at this point, when it is that duck-like? No, so let's just call it a duck."

And when I try to figure out how to approach a new situation and ask him about it, there is also some Si-Ne/Ni-Se conflit. His understanding of what to do in a situation depends on the "red line," so to speak (e.g., how the situation is developing relative to his goals), mine depends on having a more detailed map of the situation and possibilities. So I would ask a bunch of "what if" questions, and he got impatient very quickly. That's just not how he thinks about situations, and from his perspective, that process is neurotic. It seems he takes more of a, "If [x] happens, assess the situation and figure out something acceptable to do that fits your main goal. You'll figure something out in any scenario, and it will be fine, so I am not interested in covering every possible permutation of this situation with you."

So for instance, I can only imagine packing for a trip with him. "What if I lose--" "95% of what you're going to pack will also be sold at our destination. Make sure you know where your irreplaceable shit is (e.g., prescriptions, passport). Beyond that, if shit happens, we'll deal with that shit."That's an interesting observation, and I think it can happen too often -- "I don't resonate with that person, so they can't be my type." It is an understandable error. But sometimes, like you found, they don't resonate for other type-independent reasons.

However, I think the quote was more saying that if you are Fi-dom, it is not Te you have the most trouble with, it is Fe? Though now I am less sure, looking at it again. "The same functional type" as in all the same cognitive functions, or as in the same lead function (as in functional domain), but with the opposite attitude (introverted/extroverted)? The latter is how I was reading it, esp. since I think a lot of Jung's work talks about "pure" types (i.e., dominant functions without the aux considered).I don't have answers for all the questions here, but one thing that immediately leaps to mind is looking at the extroverted judging functions more closely. For instance, as ISTJ, I *always*, nearly without exception, test INTP. It is because my Si-based modeling of the environment is just as rigorous, nuanced, picky, pedantic, etc., as any lead introverted function can be -- it is just based on the uniting sensory/probabilistic features of the environment, not the uniting/underlying logical structure. However, with Te-aux, I am still a thinking type, and my Te takes a much less forceful edge than if it were dominant, or paired with Ni-Se (let alone both).

That is, I am less likely to dictate what others do, to desire a managerial, powerful, leading position in a group, or to use Te to affect immediate changes in the here-and-now physical environment. I still think and use logic like a Te-user; it is just that the perceptions of Si-Ne usually lead to a different kind of goal-focus and existence in the world than the perceptions of Ni-Se. I'm more content with doing my own thing, figuring out how I want to structure *my* environment (which *is* a place where I will demand control -- I will have to figure out how to soften this for any SO I lived with though, of course, since it wouldn't be just mine), optimizing my own approach to situations, pursuing my interests, etc. 

In other words, you can easily end up testing INTP if you are ISTJ if your interests are more stereotypically intellectual (i.e., do not have a physical manifestation in the environment), since like an INTP, you'd be fairly independent and uninterested in controlling/dictating others or their environments, and being capable of a more easy-going attitude (as a perceiving dom, especially introverted perceiving -- Si can be one of the most laid-back leads; even Pe functions seem to have an excitability about them that, while not judgy, is also not always "chill"). A judging type doesn't necessarily *have* to be uptight, like stereotypes and shitty letter-dichotomy descriptions would suggest.I meant supervisor literally -- at my work, he is the person above me who supervises my work. :)  Though I remember reading that before and thinking that it didn't seem to make sense. Perhaps some of his frustration/impatience with my questioning is because he doesn't have an internal model of reality, and all of my questioned attempts to get at one poke him in a vulnerable spot, but if so, he doesn't show it! 

&gt;It definitely works different in an ENTJ and you're right about that. I was attempting to give an example of an Ni dominant perspective that - they tend to consider their plans 'fool-proof' in a sense. Hoping to build a vision that will not have issues, even if it is assumed that there will be some. I was referring to the original post that argues that this is a an Si-Ne perspective... 

Oh, I was just making a disclaimer about the fact that Te might be factoring into my attempt to give an example of Ni-Se, not trying to imply that you were overstating anything by giving a Ni-aux counterpoint or anything! 

&gt;An Ni perspective attempts to formulate a vision that will not even have problems in the first place.

I think the confusion for me came up with interpreting "attempt" as conscious. I agree with all the parts where you've said that they consider or assume that their plan will be fool-proof. Not that a Ni-dom would say *nothing* bad could happen, but someone like my ENTJ supervisor seems to assume that they got all the *important* stuff worked out, and that anything terrible happening is really unlikely given their understanding/perception of where things are and where they are headed. So it seems pointless to consider. That helps me to understand what you were saying about them being put-off if a major problem happened, because on some level, they'd have had the sense that they knew what to expect and where things were headed. (And I have to admit, they can be really good at that side of things!)

As for Si-Ne, the same kind of thing. I think Si-Ne realizes that there is *always* the possibility of running into issues and having problems. There are unpredictable ways that things can develop and change, there are always weird details that can crop up and mess everything up, etc. So it tries to head off any problems it can predict (and I think the Si-user is consciously aiming at avoiding problems), but it also assumes that unpredictable problems are always possible. It wouldn't be surprising in any fundamental way; it would fit with the understanding of reality as complex and capable of screwing you over at any point :)

&gt;It's not that they seek opportunities to solve problems before they develop into something worse, but more that they expect their vision to account for any potential issues in the first place.

Yes yes, that is along the lines of what I am thinking, and what I think /u/dolandump2016 is essentially saying (?). Looking ahead and trying to predict all the possible ways something could mess up, and then preparing for them, is *very* Si-Ne. But Ni-Se is more reacting to the storyline that they perceive -- and (in slightly different emphasis depending on Se or Ni lead), they adjust in the moment depending on if they want things to change direction, and they look ahead only as far as they think it is *important* to look ahead. At the same time, I think they also have a sense of (and confidence in) their ability to respond to any unique situation that crops up, because of that underlying line underneath all the immediate details of the situation.

So for them, all the details of various businesses might boil down to the essential principles (e.g., make money), which make it clear how to proceed no matter what the industry is. Get some product, find someone who wants it and will invest in it, find a market who will purchase it, find people to make it at low cost, etc. Whereas from a Si-Ne perspective (or maybe just to me), all the different industries have their own considerations that I am more likely to get lost in/derailed by.Awesome, I'm glad I more or less got it! And for the part you quoted, could you agree with it if "issues" were defined how the Ni-Se individual perceives them? That is, it seems to me that Ni-Se in general perceives very few things as "issues" in general. That was the context in which I was thinking that quote was a correct statement. "I know where my infant child is -- the rest is just details."

&gt;They don't expect there not to be complications, they don't even care, they're convinced it's the right direction to take and the details are unimportant and easily dealt with as they arise or become inevitable. 

This is really helpful to see written out this way! I couldn't quite find the words for it, maybe because it is such an alien mentality to me. There is just this insane kind of confidence and efficacy to it that I do admire, but just can't integrate/emulate fully. Though I would love having an advisor or mentor with Ni-Se, though -- someone I can go to in order to get a reality check, or to get pointed in the right direction when I am lost in the details, but where I still have full agency/independence.

Maybe that is where "issues" doesn't seem right as well -- Ni-Se is so *directional*, as you note. Meanwhile, my experience of Si-Ne is as being very *situational*. That is, my first concern is with fully understanding the environment and what to expect from it. (In that sense, all the details seem important -- or at least they *could* be important! For instance, on a hike, someone getting a snake bite can be a non-issue if you know specifically how to handle snake-bites... but without those important details, it isn't something you can just overcome in the moment! Your instincts could mislead you -- the solution could be counterintuitive!) Once I have *all* the relevant details, I have a context for making a decision about what I want (which for me, depends on what the situation has to offer, and/or what is possible), also what I don't want (like losing someone to a snake bite -- so I want to know if there are a lot of snakes on the hike, and if so, I want to investigate how to handle snakebites). I also then have the information I need to get what I want (or I know what information I need to find/clarify).

Overall, though, my goals are usually more context-specific, I think. I don't really have a direction that I would say I am going in, though I could tell you plenty of goals that seem directional. But I don't have any internal sense of moving down a path or line. It is more like I make little leaps in the directions of goals as they hit me. Would you say Ni-Se is more fixed when it chooses directions to move? That is, the behaviors would be very diverse, but their overview (and where it is headed, or where they want to be headed) would be pretty stable over time?&gt;Kind of impossible not to agree with it if issues is defined as what a Ni-Se considers an issue, no? ;D

Bahaha, touché! On the other hand, I found an interpretation (however tautological) that makes me right -- and that's what matters, right? Si-Ne win! :P

&gt;The sense of direction doesn't have to be extremely focused though, at first it's usually pretty loose and undefined -- more so an overview of what directions not to take than any golden path -- but as things progress Ni-Se tends to zoom in, adding more and more to the pile of "irrelevant" in the context of the perceived narrative.

Huh! So those directions, in an interpretive sense, could be types of details that have been irrelevant so often in the past that they are considered not significant, or... I guess I have always seen Ni-Se for the outcome (the honed-in set of interpretations or directions), and not really thought about Ni-Se actually rejecting or *deliberating*, in any even partially-conscious way, a specific direction of action. I just pictured them always going the right direction somehow, ha. 

So I can understand it as "rejects details as irrelevant to making this interpretation" and/or "rejects this interpretation based on details/context of the environment." How does this work in the context of the direction being an agenda or goal? What is getting ruled out? (Like they have a vague sense that they want to become a prominent scientist who contributes significantly to a field of knowledge, and so they pursue science classes, and efficiently weed out the ones that make them bored, or that otherwise don't align with their life goals?) The end objective has always been so confidently presented in my presence that I don't think I ever gave much weight to any process of deliberation that might have come before it! 

What does it take to overwhelm Ni-Se? I know I can get overwhelmed by new settings until I am very familiar with them -- are there any things that make Ni reel with unfamiliarity and a sense of being disconcerted, hesitant, confused, overwhelmed, that you can think of? Or does the Se still provide that kind of confidence in moving forward? Are there any areas where Si-Ne seems capable of a confidence that Ni-Se is alarmed and impressed by? Because the ability of Ni-Se to stay entirely chill and always point to true north when I'm lost in a maze of trees has always seemed like magic to me.Haha, yeah, he's about as ENTJ as they come. :P I don't think I understood Ni-Se *nearly* as well (or described it this way) before interacting with him in the process of diagnosing clients. Our different processes are just about as different as they could possibly be. Some of it is essentially a paraphrase of the advice I've gotten, which is usually something like, "I can't give you an exact rule for every situation -- just do what makes sense. Get the information that makes sense. " I can just imagine him thinking: "I don't-- just... use your *brain*, aagh."&gt;Usually Te wants this, badly[;] you want a clear situation, facts and circumstances, a state of being.

I have always associated with somewhat with Si-Ne (?). Which I think is probably still correct in some contexts, but maybe not all? Can you say more about how you see this in action with Te?

In interacting with NTJs, I've found they give significantly fewer shits about having examples. And if I ask for too many examples, it frustrates them. But the examples I want are scenario examples -- so that I can extract the principles, I suppose. Or I want to have an analogy (either direct analogy, or an example that I can attach hypothetical principles to), so that I can use to to model the situation, or use it to further investigate it. 

So if you were telling me how to teach a dog a trick, and you said, "use reinforcement to reward behavior," I can generate my own example of teaching the dog to sit -- and then I will think of all the problems I can run into. For instance, what if they don't do anything that I can reward? Or anything else where the vague principle is shared -- I want an example of it in action in order to understand it. I suppose Si wants to model the situation and what matters (i.e., get a vibe for the correct responding), and then Te also has the example to examine for possible omissions/lack of clarity/inconsistencies?Seconding /u/CritSrc -- this is seen for a lot of the N types. It comes from overly simplistic descriptions of thinking versus feeling, intuition versus sensing, etc., instead of nuanced understandings of the cognitive functions. And that is how most of the tests are structured as well.

It doesn't make sense, when you consider how different some functions are from each other -- for instance, in some ways, Se shares more features with Ne than it does with Si. The tests don't take that into account at all.

The reason it is more the N types than the others is that for the other dichotomies, most can see themselves in either camp -- some want to be seen as smart, logical thinkers, and some want to be seen as kind, moral, interpersonal feelers. Some want to be known as outgoing and social extroverts, and others easily see themselves as deep and private introverts. Some identify strongly with being laid back, schedule-free perceivers, and others value being structured, rule-abiding judgers.

However, sensing versus intuition has been boiled down into "real-world vs. everything else," and in the current information age, that really underestimates the range of knowledge-work that sensors can be interested in and capable with. Back before computers and phones, when most socializing was in person, and books were the main way of obtaining information, it might have been a little more accurate. And in some ways, SPs probably identify accurately as people who like to be doing shit -- though their ability to be thoughtful, come to reasoned conclusions, and to be capable of knowledge-work is often sorely underestimated. I actually was looking at the number of Google results for each type for a few pages, and [SPs (especially STPs) just get shafted](https://workflowy.com/s/fZxOCpslLn).&gt;Finally, I lend zero support to the "we all use all 8 functions" angle, for reasons I outline here, but I've had this debate too many times to count :(

Was reading this and felt compelled to note (in the hopes that it helps you fix the sadness of this endless debate :P) -- the point you made to me that finally convinced me is not something that I saw clearly articulated in your outline. There, it seemed like you were being semantic -- arguing for one set of equations that could be rearranged to give you the other set of equations. As if you were saying,"I agree we use all eight, except I like to say it this way instead of that way." And while I got that you were saying it was unnecessary to say we use 8 functions (since those concepts were originally mean to be included in the four), I wasn't seeing the harm -- I personally liked that it more clearly separated those pieces out cleanly into their own spaces, as relatively devalued and poorly-developed aspects of the psyche.

However, at some point, when I was asking you about it, you raised a piece of information that I *knew*, but that I never thought through the implications of. Namely, that in Socionics, Te, Ti, etc., are most conservatively interpreted as *information elements* -- in other words, raw, inert inputs -- whereas in MBTI, they are active, dynamic, living, modifying/processing *functions*. (And certainly the tenuous marriage between them is that the preference for some information may imply certain skill-sets or behavioral preferences -- but it is not one-to-one, just like one can argue that the dichotomy view and function view are essentially arriving at similar things.)

I don't know if it feels like the core point you were/are trying to make, but it felt like the core, convincing point to me -- that Socionics is talking about wood, while MBTI is talking about the wood-chipper. So for instance, having "Fe PoLR" probably means *something*, but in a Socionics context, it *doesn't* necessarily mean that I can't "chip wood" metaphorically. Instead, it is more that I am disturbed by the information element of Fe -- the wood itself, so to speak, or [as Wikisocion puts it](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Information_aspects), "states of excitation and how they are communicated."

I can process moral/value judgments in the way that Fe does -- and sure, it is probably the least likely feeling-domain operation I'd use, given that I broadly prefer perceiving over judging, and within that smaller domain, thinking over feeling, and within that even smaller domain, introverted feeling over extroverted feeling. But this is still different than what Socionics might be interpreted as saying -- which is more that I am going to be bothered about communicating my state of excitation to others, or having others influence my state of excitation by communicating their state of excitation to me.

Is that a fair sense of your argument? And/or a fair sense of why you care to make it? If not, I'd be curious to hear you re-clarify! I want to get it down to where it sticks, and where I could say it to others without your having the impulse to want to rush in and correct my brutalization of what you were trying to say, ha. The original post struck me more as arguing for purism. (Which... I only see the point of with the Enneagram... [*shuffles feet and hangs head in hypocrisy-induced shame*]) But I like having an appreciation of why people might object to the 8-function model, even if I am going to continue to use its eight beautiful boxes. I'll be more careful about clarifying the nature of those boxes though :)They *don't deserve* a tl;dr!  &gt;:C

I actually am not sure how to boil it down more than that! :P And I'm kind of tired now, so I expect I'd run into the same problem as I often do -- I first sum everything up in the tl;dr using a sentence or two, and then I get the immediate impulse to supplement it with clarifications and qualifications. Then, when I glance above to make sure I already provided everything that I'm tempted to restate, I see an angle or emphasis that was missed or uneven, and off we go!

Though... I'm always game for a challenge and I think I have arrived at an acceptable tl;dr! [...Incidentally, I had the idea of one when I typed the previous sentence, but I had not yet drafted anything -- I thought for sure that I had an idea of how to sum it up in a couple of sentences, though! But as you see, my predictions came true because that short/simple analogy that popped in my head to include in the tl;dr required a couple of paragraphs to convey. :P See what you did?] In any event, I'm still gonna make sad face for everyone who doesn't read the exposition.

Sad face. :c&gt;As a Sensing type, would you not prefer factual information backed up by research rather than theories contrived on fan-sites?

I am not sure what you mean? I am not looking at the content on these sites -- more commenting on the overall availability of discussion and content for each of the types. This was my little, informal, painfully flawed research to that end. People simply discuss some types more often than others. No wonder that you'd end up with vague stereotypes in mind for some, and detailed ranges of personality for others.

So, for instance, the fault isn't necessarily (or *only*) with the textbook overview of the type (as all types have a surface-level overview). It is that for some types, that is all there is -- the inevitable shortcomings of that description, inherent in any surface-level overview, aren't counterbalanced to the same degree.

&gt;And yet, N-types represent approximately 25% of the US population.

Yeah, that statistic is dicey. Let's assume that it is true, and that the test that it is based on is accurate enough to produce the JCF version of types that we are wont to discuss here.

What we then have to ask, is why are so many in the community typing as intuitive? There is no real data on this that I know of, but people try to answer it in a variety of ways, some of which I think are fairly short-sighted.

Common way of explaining this (explicitly putting words to a sentiment that seems to underlie the explanation without usually being stated): Intuitives are special, unique individuals, who stood out from the crowd of normals around them. They did not fit in or get accepted as a result, and they flock to the MBTI because it finally gives them words for understanding why they couldn't fit into relatively featureless, cookie-cutter society.

The reason I object to this explanation is that it necessarily implies things such as (1) sensors generally did fit in well and felt included and understood by those around them -- this is untrue more than a trivial amount of the time, and (2) sensors *are* what makes up the unquestioning, mainstream, homogenous mass of society while intuitives are the flavor and imagination (really, the celebrated aspects of humanity) -- if anything, if this is the argument, it is pretty much the definition of a bias, right? 

This kind of attitude (not universally, but certainly as applied by some) gets expanded into basically saying that intuitives are the special, quirky, misunderstood main characters of the world -- the personalities that lead in movies, while sensors are the extras and support roles (e.g., they run the bank, they do your taxes, they make laws that make you do your taxes, they do sports, they attend sports, they follow the typical route of meeting, dating, fucking, marrying, and making babies that society expects). Intuitives are described mavericks and the change-makers, and sensors end up being the cattle or sheep.

Now, I don't doubt that if intuitives are accurately described as being a minority of the population, they might be misunderstood and maligned by people around them in some ways. However, I don't think that explains the preponderance of individuals identifying as intuitive in the community -- especially when so many rely on test results to type themselves, and tend to explore the theory casually, which okay.

I expect that there were intuitives who fit in, who were even a part of that mainstream crowd. And there were also sensors who felt misunderstood, maligned, ignored, disliked. There are so many things that can produce differences in how well other children liked/disliked you, how accepted you were, how well-understood you felt yourself to be... Saying that intuitives are uniquely drawn to the theory because *they* felt misunderstood, is to suggest that sensors aren't drawn to the theory because they *didn't* feel that way.

So then, why does the conversation in MBTI communities still seem to be dominated by individuals who identify as intuitives, and who discuss intuitives at a higher rate? I think it partly comes down to the vague, incomplete understandings of some types. For instance, I would wager money that if college students who were interested in the MBTI as a hobby were asked to type their professors, almost all would be typed as intuitives except for the annoying or dictatorial professors, who would be disproportionately typed as sensors (i.e., "trying to do a job where they have to know stuff, and doing a bad job of it -- poor sensor").

Does that make sense? &gt;Like, doesn't it just make sense that an abstraction of the human mind divided into a letter system is just fuckin boring to Sensors? 

It doesn't though, not to me. And clearly, we have sensors about who are also participating, who understand what they're talking about, etc. Or would you assume they are intuitives who are mistyped as sensors?

The idea that abstraction is boring to sensors is overstated significantly. And introverted functions actually abstract by nature, so Si as a sensing preference will actually tend towards abstraction in the sense that it abstracts the features of the environment or information into general principles.

The major issue I have is that while the reasoning always goes that sensors should be bored to death of theory, because they just want to do shit in the real world with their senses without thinking about what could be, or possibilities, or ideas, or abstractions, etc., the reverse reasoning is never applied to the same degree. People don't then suggest that intuitives are so far up their butts that they can't function in the real world *at all*. For instance, that the details of real life are *so* oppressively boring that they don't have an interest in learning to drive, or that they always find sports boring and never participate in them, etc.

And sure, you can come up with real life details that intuitives do find genuinely boring and hard to cope with -- but a lot of those are going to be things that sensors *also* find boring. An intuitive may struggle to cook for themselves and brush their teeth -- the necessary minutae of being a physical being -- but I'm pretty sure almost everyone thinks brushing your teeth is boring, and many people don't get much out of cooking, either, sensors and intuitives alike. And many intuitives actually enjoy "sensing" stuff, as well, and can get quite good at it! For instance, many enjoy mastering the art of cooking, or like to participate in physical activities like sports and hiking, etc. They will probably have a *preference* for abstraction in an average situation, more than a sensor, but they're still quite able to participate in the physical world, and some will build their careers on intimate interaction and application in the real world. The reverse is true for sensors -- there may be a *preference* for action, and they may be involved in more active hobbies than the intuitive is, but they can and do also develop hobbies that involve abstract information, theories, studying, reading, etc., and they can also be good at these things, and go on to build successful careers on them. On average they might not be *as* inclined, but this is an average in the way that men are, on average, taller than women -- but there is a lot of overlap, such that it is not unusual at all to see tall women (who are taller than a good number of men), or short men (who are shorter than a good number of women).Oh, I do love myself some Socionics :P And that is actually a big part of why -- lack of bias. I don't know what things were like before Kiersey, but it seems like he popularized the MBTI in a way that led to some of these biases. I also like all the different details and ways Socionics has for distinguishing broad groups of types from each other (I think I'm thinking of the Renin dichotomies -- haven't studied them in depth yet, though). :)

Part of my problem is that I like to discuss this stuff with other people, though. I think it is the Te in me that likes to actively share my understanding of what is true and correct -- it made mistyping as ENTP easy, given the reputation for liking debate. Socionics... I suppose it must have communities I could get into. But MBTI is larger, and there's just more opportunity to interact!I can see your point. I suppose what I would say is that I think intuitives are probably misunderstood to the same degree, in that many merits and nuances of the sensing types end up getting included or misattributed to an intuitive type.

For instance, INTJs get credit for having Ni-dom visions of meaning or interpretation that they then pursue, and -- in the process -- they help lead and define the cutting edge of science. However, they're also credited with the rigorous, critical, examining exploration and validation of those theories. So not only do they see the big picture, but they also get described as appropriately and accurately aligning all of the little details.

So then, not much of merit is left to attribute to sensors -- they are described as being good at seeing the details, but missing the big picture (i.e., as deficient intuitives). Meanwhile, the idea of what makes an INTJ is all jumbled up because qualities of Si-Ne are getting thrown in, and so on -- and you can get that with a lot of different type combinations. So there is a lot of extra content going to intuitives... where when the bias is removed, all the types are described as having merit and texture and depth -- and all as having some shitty, stupid, dumb-as-rocks examples and all as having some thoughtful, intelligent, creative, insightful examples of their type. Right now, all of the latter things are attributed to N, because S is thought to be  too wrapped up with what's here and now to dream up and create something that isn't here yet, or to waste time thinking and having ideas about what they're doing, etc.

So it is a fair point I think, that intuitives aren't necessarily better understood. I suppose it would be more accurate to say that this bias is a disservice to understanding any types very well, but that intuitives are at least described with more appreciation and inherent value implied, whereas sensors are described as cogs in the machine. It isn't that they are generalized that is the issue (that is what typing is all about, after all), it is that I see less understanding of the unique ways that type can manifest, and more rigid application of the preferences as necessary rules for behavior (e.g., "He is a university professor -- *no way* is he a Se-dom.").

Edit to add: I'm going to be too lazy to add this disclaimer to everything I've written thus far, but I am really aiming to share how I understand things. I think that there are inaccuracies with how it is approached -- I am not trying to say "it is mean," or "it isn't fair! D:" etc. It isn't balanced, but I'm not railing against injustice, I'm railing against inaccuracy, if anything....No one has ever asked me to write *more* before...  [:'D (*sniffles*)](https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/845380.gif)&gt;For us, it requires conscious decisions to prioritize something like learning how to fix a car (or at least getting ourselves into the habit of prioritizing things like that), it's not a necessary minutiae for us... it's not natural. But you probably understand that it's at least important to know how something like that works without question. For us, it's built from an intention to do so, not a natural inclination. Just as theorizing the meaning of life isn't natural for you, it's something you occupy your time with, and it's something iNtuitives just do as a side-effect of their existence.

See this, though? Your assumptions about me aren't correct. I don't know how to fix a car, how they work, what the maintenance schedule looks like. I put off getting oil changes for weeks after the alert light goes on. I still don't brush my teeth regularly except when I notice my mouth tastes bad, etc.

There are some people who do these things without trying hard, and there are some who don't. What I am saying is that the line dividing those groups is not whether they are an MBTI intuitive or an MBTI sensors. Sensing preference does not mean all of a sudden, we're automatically good at all the boring stuff like maintaining our home, taking care of our bodies, consuming good nutrition, etc.

Likewise, it doesn't mean that it is unnatural for us to consider the meaning of life. Now will we consider the meaning of life from different perspectives, at different levels of detail, or involving different domains? Probably, yes, to a degree. But I think the line is drawn far too sharply between sensing and intuitive preferences.

To assume that only a minority of the population theorizes about the meaning of life, or considers other kinds of romantic and abstract notions -- it just isn't true, and it certainly isn't equal between the two types. It's like the response I have gotten before, where they say, "You should be happy! You function okay in the world, being able to do your taxes and exercise regularly and clean your house and do the laundry -- we're so busy having big, smart, interesting ideas that sometimes we don't take a shower."

As it turns out, however, I also neglect those things routinely, because I'll be busy chatting on reddit, or reading about personality typing, or reading about/watching webcasts about a topic I'm interested in -- like a specific psychological disorder, etc. I also forget to brush my teeth, and am so incompetent in cooking that I just get fast food most of the time.

What makes me still see myself as Si-Te is the way I approach these things. When I study the MBTI or Enneagram, I study it from myself outward, and I learn what people say about the different types. I don't try to find the logical threads or the implications. Instead, I accumulate all the data more-or-less uncritically, but in a limited domain of interest to me. I expand outward from that based on what becomes immediately relevant -- the types of a friend or family member, the discussion about a function I have and how it differs from another function, so on and so forth. 

I am mapping the information as if it were a physical space. When ten people tell me the dimensions of a concept, seven tell me something between 8-10 inches, and the other three tell me 12, 14, and 25, respectively.... then I map it out as around 9-10 inches until I get more information. It's not a logical reasoning, it is more of a continual process of approximating. As applied to the MBTI, those values might include the words that are used to describe something (and their various connotations). 

I also get a sense of whether it seems disfigured -- if things aren't even or balanced. "We're all equal! You're really good at washing dishes, and I'm good a philosophy!" raises a red flag. (And I know you're not saying anything *quite* that extreme, but that is what it can sometimes end up sounding like. Why? Because I find some of the things that I supposedly can do well by virtue of being a sensor *boring as hell*. I even find some great, interesting, scientific topics like physics boring -- partly because I haven't studied it well enough to be familiar with the assuredly fascinating and interesting details. But also, partly because it is a science of stuff moving in the real world, and while it is cool to get better and better at describing that, my personal reaction is "...eh." I am more into studying psychology, because the physics of the mind are fascinating, complex, dynamic, etc. 

&gt;That was an emotional semantic I created that didn't have merit. I didn't mean for your argument to be based around that. It was my interpretation of how others feel.

I appreciate this, though I don't think it changes my disagreement with your points. This is part of why I like the function axes (versus isolating functions too strictly). I may be more sensory than you are, but I also have the other half of Ne lower in my psyche, but still present -- it has a different character than Ne-dom or Ne-aux because it is not leading my personality, and its outputs are not valued as a guide for the direction of my life. But it still generates ideas, exceptions, angles, questions, etc. Likewise, intuitives have sensing functions in their psyche -- they may be a little spacier than sensors on average, but they also have some facility with the real world in order to come up with the intuitive hunches in the first place.

Neither functional preference has to do with whether you like, are good at, or remember to brush your teeth, maintain your car, clean your home, exercise regularly, eat healthy or home-cooked foods, etc. It seems to suggest to me that sensors are not supposed to have as much mental activity as intuitives -- as if they had less of those innate human qualities (foresight, introspection, self-examination, self-awareness) that are thought to be mankind's specialization (i.e., something other animals may do at a rudimentary level, but which humans have mastered).My (very limited) understanding of Kiersey is that he is either one of the first, or one of the more prominent authors to really popularize the MBTI -- get it into a more mainstream audience. It is also my understanding that he is the one that split the groups and described them along the stereotypes of -- NTs (theorists and intellectuals), NFs (artists and moral leaders), SPs (athletes and mechanical folk), and SJs (bureaucrats and homemakers). I don't think these kinds of stereotypes were as strongly present (or inherent to) the MBTI before that, though I could be wrong.Haha, yeah, it's a struggle for sure. Glad you still enjoyed the post anyways :) [I cheated a bit](http://i.imgur.com/oqcZhZ7.png), but it makes pretty much the same point. :)Hm, I think the point to be made, if any, is that the divide between sensing and intuition is not one of present-day affairs and experiences versus afterlife and divine judgment, or mudane objects and experiences versus meaningful and imaginative thoughts and theories. Whenever I see contrasts between what S types are supposed to be good at, and what N types are supposed to be good at, it always seems to boil down to mundane (S) versus magical (N), thoughtless (S) versus thoughtful (N), stuff (S) versus meaning (N).

All humans have access to the basic human traits of imagination, introspection, meaning-making, theorizing, etc. MBTI would likely change the *form* of an individual's approach, rather than changing if the basic content is there or not. 

As an example, I may approach psychology and the exploration of how the mind makes meaning by looking at the individual perspectives of people who have been diagnosed with a condition, and seeing how those perspectives align. I am trying to better understand them, and map out what it is like to have that disorder -- and once I've mapped all I can, I am at the edge of knowledge and have a solid ground (what I think of as Si) from which to peek beyond into what *isn't* yet known, but could be (what I think of as Ne), and I can use Te to build a strong bridge of solid logic that can be used to systematically reach out and test those possibilities.

Meanwhile, an INTP might look for the underlying logic in the distorted thoughts and beliefs of the individual, and try to find where the logic is sound and where (and why) it is not, so that they can think of ways to challenge that thinking. Here, they are more actively coming up with ideas for what could be done that *isn't* being done, in order to challenge the distorted or mistaken assumptions and axioms that the otherwise accurately logical but maladaptive beleifs of this individual are resting on. They're looking into what could be more than what is -- that is what I see as being an intuitive instead of a sensor.

However, both are examining, exploring, understanding, and coming up with principles and theories (mine based on overlapping characteristics, theirs based on logical underpinnings) regarding this population of individuals with a psychological disorder. Both are dealing with abstract contents of the human mind, and questioning meaning, emotion, suffering, etc. What seems to be missing is the understanding that sensors think about those things too -- *differently*, but not *less*.Why, thank you. :)I don't know if this will be helpful, but having debated between INTP and ENTP a good deal, here are some observations that you *might* find helpful -- but of course, will not be absolutes that apply to *every* STJ, or *every* NTP.

* One thing that never fit for me about INTPs, once I was debating between INTP and ENTP, is that I just do not have a judging-dominant perspective. I had a pretty strong sense that I was a perceiving-dominant -- coming to judgments just was not as natural as wanting to explore and experience things uncritically.
* One thing that didn't fit for me about ENTPs, was that I am simply not as much of an extroverted personality. It fit better, because it was a perceiving dom with the same axis, but while I also enjoyed some Ne activity, I was not as inclined to throw myself out at the world or into the world. For me, small doses of Ne-stimulation are great -- like going to a research conference. The presentations will stimulate a lot of thinking about what studies *could* be done, or what variables *could* be looked at, etc. But it wasn't something I was doing 100% of the time. It was a healthy part of my psyche, but it was a special part (and usually our dom functions don't feel special in that way).
* One thing that was misleading was that ENTPs have a reputation for enjoying debate -- I have found that Si-Te does a fine job in my own case of producing the same approach. I like a discussion, so long as there is a baseline level of respect from all parties. Once that is assured, I think it is the Te in me that gets me wanting to explain my logic to others, get others to understand it, and arrive at that kind of consensus -- whether I am listening or doing a lot of the talking.

&gt;there has to be a better way to figure this shit out

I would look into the function axes more and work from there -- the difference between Si-dom and Ne-dom is considerable, but not nearly as absolute as people suggest. ENTPs *can* get things done, engage in stable behavior, have a basic framework for the world and their place in it... and ISTJs *can* have ideas, think about things that aren't yet a reality, come up with theories. Now, there is a difference in the relative amount, but it isn't all or none. So work on finding out which function axes fit you, and that should narrow it down to four types. ISTJs and INFPs share Si-Ne and Fi-Te, and that basic language *unites* them more than it *divides* them into Si versus Ne and Fi versus Te.

A cool guide to typing yourself was posted here a while back... and deleted D: That's an unpleasant surprise! I... had started typing a bunch of advice and then I remembered that guide existed, and now I am at a loss because it was much better and more thorough than what I had.

Well, in any event, my advice to start with function axes stands -- and from there, explore the four types that that would place you within. Also pay attention to what kinds of common complaints you have about members of the other four quadras (the socionics term for these clusters of four types that share functions). I like the guide [here](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/) reasonably well for describing quadras and their interactions.Yeah, I wasn't necessarily trying to imply you missed the point, but I could see why that comment had been made I guess?

I appreciate that you're not trying to draw that kind of line. I think it is hard for those of us on either side to really describe the difference because we don't have access to the other side. For instance, I am not as grounded as I would like, though I might be a special case in that regard. But I have spend oodles of time on here chatting with people, and not getting stuff done that I should or would like to do. I don't think that is always intuition (for instance, it can sometimes be a psychological condition), though I'm sure it can be intuition in some cases.

&gt;I think, though, that this isn't true of all intuitives. Your introverted perceiving function is the one you use to find meaning, so for NPs and SJs, all the mystery and beauty in the world is to be found in their sensory experience, while for SPs and NJs, that mystery lies in their ideation.

Yes, definitely this. In these discussions, what I return to over and over, is that I think the difference between axes is *much* bigger than the difference between S vs N. Because when you say "sensors ____" Si and Se produce very different sensory focuses. Se seems very secure in the real world, and I also feel insecure in it unless I am very very familiar with the specific setting. But abstract stuff is something I am more confident with -- even if it doesn't predominate over my sensing.

That is where I think Si-dom is not as grounded or engaged in the real world as people assume -- I think even Ni sometimes is more engaged in the real world than Si. My experience of Si is of building a sort of bare-bones structure of reality. I create a kind of average of all of my experiences in a setting to set expectations for what will happen, and what to do, and how to interact, and where things are, etc.

I think a lot of those things take time still, though -- getting a routine set, I certainly probably will be attached to it to an extent, partly just because it adds that sense of reliability and predictability. But actually building it isn't magically easier -- I think that efficacy in interacting with the real world as it is and in its diversity is more a Ni-Se thing to an extent.I really really like this. It marries the applied aspects of Te in a way that isn't restricted to the physical environment, like I see often implied. The surroundings of Ne are different, and Te in NFPs and STJs looks different than in SFPs and NTJs as a result.

I also really like the word choice of "cultivating" versus "producing," and the way you've phrased it here. Very cool :)&gt;That said, my article was more of an analysis of 8 function models in general rather than of socionics specifically.

Feh, the other 8 function models aren't as cool anyways. (...There are other 8-function models?)

&gt;For the fatherland!

You go make us proud, 4 function model Hitler :P&gt;The bearable nuance of Te pref. types was obliterated. Without the nuance, Te is extremely frustrating for me.

This is an interesting point -- makes me wonder how often people are incorrectly typed (especially unpopular types) based on the blunt, ineffective over-use of their tertiary. For instance, people describe Te-doms sometimes as being domineering, black-and-white absolutists -- but it seems to me that Te-dom should be more nuanced and effective at Te than that. Likewise with other types -- like over-the-top Ne might be from an ESJ, but get someone typed as ENP.Just to give a bit of insight -- it is probably true that ISTJs can give tough love. However, I don't think it is because we don't care about hurting others' feelings, or because we need to be right. Though I do think it is fair to say that ISFJs may come across as being more gentle or accommodating to others' feelings when delivering difficult feedback.

If I am going to give feedback, I am usually quite concerned that I don't *unduly* damage the well-being or mental health of the other person. It's something that requires some careful thought -- and so I have to decide if it is worth it, and if I am in a position that obligates me to provide feedback. If so, I will communicate it fairly -- without aiming to hurt them. However, I won't compromise the truth in order to tell them something that makes them feel good. 

Most of the time, I don't decide that the feedback is worth it though -- I am not currently supervising anyone, and if it doesn't impact me, and it is not particularly harmful to others, I don't really see myself as having much of a right to comment. With the exception of reddit, where it is a discussion forum, and ideas are shared in a setting that invites response and commentary. I still try to be fair -- which isn't always the same thing as not hurting someone's feelings.

I like the saying, "Truth without compassion is not truth; compassion without truth is not compassion." That is the guiding principle I would use in delivering feedback, and what I would hope guides any feedback I receive. And then you wonder how people get confused... (*sad, slow headshake*) You (and /u/CritSrc) should be ashamed of yourselves, misleading the public like that. *Ashamed.* :|Of course I'm using RES! ...It is just the inaccuracy of it all! Think of the children! Literally, some of these redditors are probably children. :oWhat would it take for you to believe that many (not all) of the "intuitives" who are oh-so-into-MBTI were actually mistyped by tests, and forums that have a bias? It isn't like it's meant as an insult or anything. But if you're going to buy that intuitives are a small fraction of the population, and then say that that small fraction is also the one that happens to be interested in the MBTI...

Or, asked differently, what makes you so sure that your interpretation is the correct one -- that *duh* sensors don't care about the MBTI, and anyone who can't see that is just dreaming/wishing!

Really, I don't see that there's been any compelling evidence for a lot of those pieces (intuitives being a minority, an actual percentage for how many intuitives are mistyped sensors, intuitives being the dominant group interested in the MBTI) -- but it is easy pickings to argue against certainty in the face of dubious data, especially when that certainty is delivered defensively about 68-74% of the time.I demand hex values for all of the other flairs! If you can link to them, that would be cool. :)

This is clearly an area where being the boring, rigid family dictator has put me ahead of the pack! (*dusts and dons the tastefully teal ISTJ flair*)You are fantastic, thank you! :)I don't feel like I can give a yes/no answer to this, except in the loosest sense (i.e., answer to "can this happen?" is almost always *yes*, even if that yes only applies to .00000000000000012% of people/cases -- for instance, "can people be allergic to water?" "yes, [although it is not a histamine-releasing allergy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aquagenic_urticaria) in the traditional sense.")

**Pre-emptive tl;dr** -- The general thrust of my response is, "Yes they can absolutely crave (and generate) novelty, it probably isn't usually in the *absence* of a desire for stability?, though that probably happens sometimes."

-----

***Now details, because who doesn't love details?!*** *...Oh, right. Ahem. I guess you're excused.*

For me, novelty-seeking is associated with my feelings of safety and comfort in the environment.

I see increased novelty-seeking, idea generation, exploration, curiosity, etc., when I am in an environment where I feel competent, secure, knowledgeable, and safe. This includes when I have fled to said environment *from another environment* where I *don't* feel that way (e.g., when I end up writing out long reddit posts instead of doing an overdue report... :| Or heck, when I end up writing something loosely relevant to work, but outside of my area).

*Example*: Take a setting where I am there to study gerbils, but I also have TA duties and haven't graded the 40 term papers and it's been two weeks and the professor wants them back now... I might end up with a long set of observations about wombats and ideas for how to study them further even though they're way outside of my field of study. I *won't* end up with creativity or novel ideas that relate to gerbils, as it is "contaminated" by the stress of not having graded the papers.

&amp;nbsp;

Now, this whole pattern is frustrating as heck, since I see it happen over and over in myself. So I then try to set up systems, plans, coping strategies, etc., for managing that -- I suppose you could argue that that is Si-Te in action. I want stable structures that keep me engaged in the BS I have to do so that I reach comfort and competence *in areas I care most about*, allowing my creativity, ideas, novelty, and speculation to occur *in that area*, instead of being "wasted."

After all, mastering my poker skills and debating/discussing hypothetical strategy on an online forum may make me feel great when I understand poker in great depth, succeed at the game often and against terrible odds, and finally become the renowned ruler of the ongoing poker table at work... But in five years, when I don't know my 9-year-old daughter's favorite color or TV show, and I'm not sure how to have a conversation with her, and I have to find out from my mate that she's actually been fairly depressed lately as a result of being bullied at school -- which my mate is telling me because they're going to take her to a psychologist... Gosh, I'm really regretting those seven hours I spent writing out a stunningly straightforward and effective strategy for some common probabilistic dilemma in poker. (Just in case it isn't clear by this point, this is a heavily hypothetical example.)

-----

In other words, there are still things that are important to me that I want to be stable, secure, supported, other s-words. That might be Si-Fi in combination, who knows. I can still crave novelty and go astray, but my impression is that I would regret it, and point back to the wreckage of those important areas and feel regret more than a Ne-dom/aux -- who, though they would also feel *some* regret cause they're not assholes -- would probably have had fewer stability desires married to their areas of priority and importance in the first place. (In other words, less set up to have these regrets -- whereas I'd have many areas outside of just my child that I feel this way about.) And it is those regrets that then drive me back to structure and stability, and make me feel uneasy about untempered/unmanaged novelty-seeking. 

**Soundbit version**: SJs probably crave novelty most when already feeling stable/secure, as compared to Ne-dom/aux, and they probably *regret* novelty when it is pursued at the *expense* of stability and security, relatively more than Ne-dom/aux. 

**Sidenote**: This is just how I think about it -- not promising perfect accuracy here. Also, I can't say for sure that this would be the average ISTJ experience -- I have my unique issues with attention/executive function that come into play here as well. Though on the other hand, I think it helps provide an example of why I'd still consider myself solidly ISTJ *in spite* of those issues, rather than assuming out of hand that I am Ne-dom/aux myself.Because ESTJs lack moral scruples and don't care about others? I'd agree they'd probably less-obviously prioritize these things than *some* types, but not to where taking the high road immediately disqualifies ESTJ. 

And the emotionality -- she isn't that expressive most of the time, except a strong blast of high energy. She might voice her concerns, but most of the time she isn't *emoting them* in the way that I would think a Fe-dom would. She emotes sometimes, sure, but from what I remember of that show, that would be an exception. Most of the time, she's tackling things with a plan, even if she vents first. "I am really sad about this. But I can make things happen that will fix it!"I don't mind the sound of the song. I am not great at paying attention to lyrics when listening to music -- I didn't have any idea of how the music video was related to the song until I read them. I didn't mind the lyrics themselves, though the video itself remained somewhat disturbing.

The imagery felt over-the-top, and was uncomfortable to watch. I guess I can intellectually respect the notion that that impact might be intentional, and might be a way of her conveying how she felt when her romantic partner used baby talk with her.

A cynical part of me was thinking she just did it because she knew it would make people talk about her, but I suppose that isn't a very charitable interpretation, and probably incorporates too much of how turned off I am by that kind of extreme sensationalized self-display. 

Another part, when reading the lyrics, wants to tell her to communicate more effectively and just tell the guy she isn't into it in clear terms, so that he understands and doesn't continue to embarrass himself without knowing. Though I know that can be easier said than done sometimes.

So in sum -- I actually didn't mind Miley's tone and sentiment in the lyrics, and the video was too heavy-handed for my personal taste.Hm, I'm not sure! It could also be the Fi-Te versus Fe-Ti, particularly with Te &gt; Fi, versus Fe &gt; Ti? I have never really liked things that clearly and directly aim to tug on my emotions one way or another. Intellectually I can respect that it is appropriate in some situations, and that other people have other preferences, but I tend to find it anywhere from uncomfortable to offensive...I wasn't familiar with the episodes in question, but iI wasn't thinking of a fair attack ad when I replied. (I.e., one that states representative facts, and does not aim to distort, mislead, or paint an unbalanced picture). 

That said, I still see Te-Fi being in there... what does Fi do, if not empathize with/understand the individual perspective, versus Fe, which is more community-minded when it comes to morals/ethics/value-judgments? Wouldn't a Fe-dom gladly squash someone if they were seen as an incredible threat to the unity and functioning of the community?

Also, when you say he was actually a decent guy (suggesting that those facts would be misleading or taken out of context), I can still see the value judgments of even tert-/inf-Fi objecting to the idea of presenting those facts as if they are an accurate characterization of the man.

And like /u/BlueOtterSocks said, her task-oriented, driven, efficient, "take logical action on the objects of the environment" seems so incredibly Te-dom -- which I'd say is softened and sillier due to Si-Ne instead of Se-Ni. The [Delta quadra](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Delta) (STJs and NFPs) are actually pretty relaxed and "chill" relative to Te-users in the Gamma quadrant -- I see her friendliness as definitely being compatible with being in the delta quadrant.&gt;Si is not about being stuck in their own way but finding conforts in creating and/or figuring patterns. Changing their patterns means breaking something that they'll have to rebuild entirely. Yet they love to spot these "odd" events in others and their environment.

I really like this description of Si! It resonates well with my experience of it. Especially including that Si likes to figure out patterns as much as create them, and that they don't like to break a pattern that means they have to rebuild things -- but that they can enjoy odd and unusual stuff when it doesn't carry that kind of threat. :) I liked your post for its efforts to add counterbalance to the mental shortcuts people use in defining the functions!

To be contrary though, I just have to note that having read up a little on what happens when you win the lottery, I definitely would not want to, haha. It involves a lot of extra management to get your money in a secure place, conceal your identity, and then manage it effectively -- and it exposes you to a lot of interpersonal conflict with people who want a share, and with criminals who now will target you for your wealth. 

I even heard that if you consult with some of your family about how to disburse your wealth, the others can sue either you or the other family for undue influence, or something absurd like that. It sounds like a real headache! Especially as someone who just wants to do their own thing without undue influence from other people.

Though I still like your argument against the kinds of absolutism that sometimes takes place. People can get a little too black and white about the functions -- taking any novel ideas as mandating Ne, or any kindness and warmth as mandating Fe, or any analysis and intellectualism as mandating Ti, etc. When in reality, the proportions are probably different, but no type has an absolute monopoly on any of these things.You know, this makes for a nice counterargument to the "intuitives like the MBTI more, because they're deep and sensors... well... I can only *assume* they're content doing... you know, that stuff." But why wouldn't an STJ like a system that lets you model the behavior of individuals using a few neat archetypes that can provide shorthand for describing and understanding them? I mean, doesn't that sound like a hobby handcrafted for Si-Fi?

Of course, the MBTI describes people only to a degree, and there may be exceptions -- that it wouldn't be perfect is obvious. Likewise with any human concept or language. I could describe a tree to anyone, and they'd be able to find a tree that was validly a tree and that didn't fit my description; it doesn't mean that it is useless or futile to come to a schema of what a tree is. It means you then need to be conscientious about knowing when, where, and how things might violate that schema, depending on what you need to know about trees for.It's been three weeks, but I wandered back over to /r/mbti to see what was being said about ISTJs, and ran into this thread and your comment.

&gt;It's not that I respect authority. It's that I allow authority to those whom I respect.

This is *such* a good way of rephrasing it. I actually tend to be very skeptical, critical, and suspicious about authority figures. I feel most people do things quickly to get them done, to get the product, to earn the profit.... and sometimes at the expense of doing it correctly or well. Which is probably me being curmudgeony, but it means that I meet any authority figure wondering, "...So, do you *deserve* that title you have there, or were you just really good at cutting corners, huh? Do you actually know what you're talking about and can reason with nuance, or did you just memorize the guidelines and can't think outside them?"

Those I respect, though, I do grant a lot of authority. Those individuals are few and far between -- at least ones I respect so totally. I find I want to get their input on most anything, even if there is someone else I am technically supposed to consult with, because I appreciate the opportunity to actually deal with someone who has similar priorities and ways of reasoning -- a desire to do something well, and to be thorough and nuanced, versus jumping to a conclusion and saying, "Well, what does it matter if we might be wrong?" In some settings it can really really matter.

Anyways, you are awesome, and thank you. I am going to burn that phrase into my brain.&gt;If you go stubbornly against proven methods without improving them, you are worse than lazy: you are the enemy. Most people, however, are given the benefit of the doubt: we are all ignorant or ill, which is why we need to work together to lift one another up.

Yes! Especially, "we are all ignorant or ill." People should try their best, generally assume others are trying their best, and communicate with each other. I also like, "I am righteous, however, even while I am flawed."I was going to quote parts of this to say that I agree with them, and then I realized I'd be quoting the whole post. Lots of yes to all of this.

Bubbly/silly when comfortable, reserved in unfamiliar situations, yes. And this part is interesting:

&gt;I like people who help me grow. 

I've heard people say that they need to always be growing and never really empathized with the sentiment (not that I don't want to make myself better -- I just thought it was kind of a throwaway thing that anyone and everyone says about themselves without meaning anything. But the examples you gave resonated with me. There is that sense of "oh, cool, I know more things!" that is very addictive and delightful.

Do you ever find that when you ask people about their work, hobbies, opinions, or experiences, they start to act a little weird about it, like they're not sure why you are asking them so many questions about something they've been conditioned to believe that strangers are not usually interested in? 

"Seriously, tell me more about working in a gallery -- how does that work?"         
"...I'm start to feel weird about this, are you sure you want me to answer....? :|"             
"Yes! Please!"           
"...Why do you want to know?"        
"...I don't know, it's interesting to know!"I don't think it is specific to sensors. Though I do respond to touch -- enough that a friend I don't know well putting their arm around me just involuntarily triggers a sense of intimacy, even if I know it isn't logical and they're just a more touchy person. I just automatically like them more, and feel closer to them. I'd seriously consider spraying a sad dog with a cold hose for the chance to have some kind of touch experience that was genuinely intimate versus just a professional massage.

Alas, not really a lot of chances at the moment to go cavorting about -- most markedly, I lack the skillset entirely. So I've been thinking of investing in a [weighted blanket](http://www.mosaicweightedblankets.com/). Not cheap, but imagine -- heated blanket turned on low, weighted blanket overtop? Problem solved.

(*walks calmly away, hides in a closet, and weeps*)Even with the poverty of responses to this thread -- I suppose I shall have to try answering my own question and see what happens -- this recommendation easily makes this whole post worth it.

From [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqAZ7LuSvIU): "You go around and you make mistakes and you drop things and you laugh about it because you think it's part of life's rich tapestry. It isn't -- you should be trying harder." And it only gets better from there!

Thank you :)Naw, we're still introverts at heart. That Si-dom/Fi-tert combo can result in more attempts to understand and sympathize with others than I think is immediately obvious. In any position of power or authority, I spend a good deal of time wondering whether I fully understand a situation, the boundaries of responsibility, variables that impact whether a decision I make is fair or unfair, etc.

...Or I guess what I am trying to say is that the intent isn't usually to shut that shit down. :) Though if I attempt to take an outside look at myself, I could definitely see how it would come across as shutting shit down, at least sometimes/depending on the person. I am imagining it now:

*"I sympathize. At the same time, I am going to deliver my full rationale in a calm, soothing voice. ...Do you still disagree or have concerns?"*

*They shake their head, and make a convincing case of, "I'm good now."*

I want to believe it's cause they understand and it all makes sense now, and they're internalizing the experience and gaining value, but there are almost inevitably times when it would be more like: "No, your damn voice paired with your endless ability to expound on a point have lulled me into a stupor, and after doing a quick cost-benefits analysis, I can't say that I care enough about this issue to willingly invite further discussion, or prolong this interaction in any way." :P

For sanity's sake, I choose to believe that situation -- if not rare -- is at least happening a simple minority (i.e., &lt;50%) of the time. :)&gt;XSTJ's get annoyed by me a lot. I think it's because they are the "no bullshit type". They hate my laziness

I am curious how you notice this in play! I think my sister is an ISFP (or ESFP), and my Mom is an ISFJ. When it comes to how we each react to people in general -- including situations with my sister -- I experience my Mom as the one who radiates fussy disapproval and discontent, in a "Based on shared rules of morality, you should know that your behavior is wrong and shitty and not do it," kind of Fe way. Except, of course, never stated in such potentially-hurtful words. 

Though maybe I come off as fussier or more disapproving than I think? Just curious :) And wondering if maybe the STJs you're thinking of are SFJs and vice versa -- but perhaps because I like to think of myself as being composed enough that my feelings aren't so obvious right away. I am sure there are situations I haven't yet encountered that would bring out the "Stop the bullshit, and make the thing happen" side of me -- though I'm more inclined to carve out a space where I do all the things that I care most about, and don't need to be put in that situation!

The times I have gotten mad at my sister are usually more when she is in a shitty mood, and as a result, she's kind of prickly and judgy -- and inadvertantly needles me past the point where I can stay neutral and composed. I think that's more of a Ni-Se versus Si-Ne thing though -- Ni-Se can feel kind of blunt and aggressive at times. Though, from what I read from an STP on a forum somewhere, Si-Ne (at least in Deltas) can come off as like the Xanax of personality :P "Let's just... relax. Let's make everything modestly pleasant but not too aggressively exciting. *Homeostasis, yessss....*"

I also find I mediate between my sister and Mom sometime -- for instance, my Mom sometimes gives good advice, but in a kind of invalidating way. For instance, "You need to be understanding of your peers -- who are the same age as you -- because they are young and don't know better, yet! It is mean and hurtful for you to be so judgmental, and expect them to consider your needs like that, they're still growing up!" Nevermind the fact that my sister is also just as young. So if I am there, usually I will jump in and try to acknowledge that my Mom's advice would probably be effective (in terms of dealing with other people) -- but also validate that (1) my sister is the same age (and so deserves the same consideration my Mom just gave her friends), (2) the situation is shitty, and it is understandable that my sister is upset, and (3) that following my Mom's advice would mean being the bigger person in the situation, versus being the *obviously* moral thing to do.There's "high" in there! 

At the same time, there's "luffy," which at the very least, doesn't fit the stereotype I've associated with ESTPs :P  Actually, I have a hard time picturing anyone on the Ni-Se axis saying "luffy" with any amount of seriousness... Though maybe there are some that would!**Question 1**

I'll run with exactly how you phrased the question and say that I identify myself as a fairly neutrally-presenting woman of 29 years of age, who got the mixed blessing of a slightly maladjusted brain chemistry, that I credit with a lot of my ability to empathize (in small imperfect part) with the anger and suffering of groups that fight against persistent and unfair odds. Highly educated, albeit not the most compliant student; I test well, which was my saving and damning grace. No other demographics are leaping to mind, so I'll stop there rather than hunting for more!

**Question 2**

I think I am an ISTJ, because after a long history of ambivalently brooding about whether I was an INTP or ENTP (with occasional consideration of INFJ), I was video-typed by a reasonable and disciplined group as ISTJ. I had answered some prompt in the community to post a video for typing and was initially typed as a Si-dom, which at the time, confused and confounded me. Still, I wanted to see what they had to say -- they took me at my word that I valued Ti-Fe over Fi-Te and tried to type me as ISFJ, at which point I soundly disagreed with them in such a disagreeably argumentative manner that they concluded I was ISTJ, ha. 

In any event, after thrashing about with that label, not wanting it, but still compulsively seeking whether it fit, it really just... did. Ultimately, it led to a better and more nuanced understanding of the MBTI, as well. I've arrived at something like seeing the personality types more as subtypes of the dominant Quadra personality, rather than the sillier divisions that you can find running about. That is, I tend to get along well with members of other quadras in ways I would expect (i.e., Gammas are personal in a way that is agreeable, but a bit rough in a way that is sometimes unpleasant; Alphas are less tangible/material in a way that is pleasing, but are sometimes oriented towards pleasantness/group cohesion for its own sake in a way that is disagreeable; Betas are generally the subject of ample interest and fascination, along with a kind of odd compatibility that almost comes from just being so cognitively unalike that understanding is taken less for granted, which works well for good one-on-one relationships, though our ways of entertaining ourselves via media/activities are usually really not greatly matched). Of course, this is all based on a very digested/refined analysis of a sample size of.... I don't even know, but not a lot of people. I am sociable, but not an extrovert -- I like controlling my time and activities too much.

**Question 3** 

...It would mean hiding my credit cards and using one of the emails I don't mind getting spam at. :) 100% accurate just isn't a thing. At least not without being so heavily contextualized/qualified that it loses all colloquial meaning of "100% accurate." I don't believe the MBTI is closely mapped enough to human diversity and funcitoning enough to possibly arrive at that level of objectivity, and if pressed, I'll admit that I sometimes entertain the notion of personality shift -- though I maintain that a group-based discussion of typing immediately becomes at least 98% less interesting if regular and dramatic shifts in personality are accepted as a part of the model. What the hell use is it if it just describes how gassy and amorous I feel in a given month or year? Part of what makes the model more interesting is trying to find a type that generally fits the patterns of your overall life -- even if no system is too perfect for exceptions. I suspect the exceptions would not be those who need someone else to tell them they are an exception though. 

**Question 4**

Overthink what to do with that one minute for probably at least a year, then probably, in an attempt to capture the kind of weird, up-its-own-ass grandeur of the moment (that I was trying to out-think and escape), I would spend it restfully exposed to the camera in a way that was somewhere in that sweet spot between disgust, confusion, and repulsion. For instance, just staring into the camera, or looking slightly off to the side of the camera while sitting comfortably naked (i.e., slouching, whatever weird position was comfortable), or something else that is just offensively mundane, so that even I am unhappy with it. Then at least I would know I hadn't climbed up my own ass with it, and I'd get to see how the world reacted to such a blantant squandering of an opportunity that isn't as large as it really pretends to be in the end. 

**Question 5**

While I like order and routine, I have not been in a good place to actually create it for most of my life. People have generally interpreted me as lazy/unmotivated... Or some vaguer, "I don't know what your problem is but get your shit together, this is not hard for you."  I am not sure of the other ways that I am misunderstood, except that I know I do not naturally make intimidate friendships very easily, though I am fairly easy going and collegial in work settings. (My space is mine, and I prefer my own projects, but I am happy enough to help work toward a shared goal. I just know to completely remove any attachment to the outcome to the degree that I am out of control of the outcome.) I wouldn't be surprised if people thought I was more confident than I am. Broadly though... I guess I don't feel as misunderstood as I probably used to. I just... try to do what I want, and what will make me happy. For others, I tend to feel rather irrelevant, though I'm also aware that that probably is as much my not making room for others in my own life as it is feeling like others do not make time for me. Particularly since when people do make a lot of time for me, it makes me insanely uncomfortable, because I like my stretches of me-time.

**Question 6** 

I grew up chatting on the internet in the early 90s when computers were relatively new; I am about 85% sure I was the greasy kid at school and was probably mercifully oblivious to any attempts to tease me, to the tune of 'it wasn't even fun for them anymore'; I had a long term relationship -- my first and only -- which lasted about 5 years, was half misery (proof of a principle stated by Louis C.K. in one of his comedy routines, about a relationship being shitty for half of it before you break up), though her and I have been warming back to good friendship again; my physical needs were cared for when growing up, though my family was emotionally avoidant and my mother was painfully passive-aggressive; I tested well in school but did not do homework well, so I was not well-liked by teachers; I got into and failed out of a graduate program on the same principle (turns out college is the pinnacle of "your grade are only tests").... Those are major ones that come to mind right now.

**Question 7**

...This is like a extremely light version of the "if you had one minute to do anything in a broadcast to the entire planet..." scenario. Without structure, I tend to overthink. What could I do, what could it be interpreted as -- and that is a thought process that usually circles on itself, without much benefit. I do not have enough motivation to show off the various ways I've made things do what I want (I am pretty proud of my ability to innovate organizational solutions out of mundane materials). I could show a screenshot I made of apartment layouts from over the months (I get somewhat antsy and rearrange my furniture every 6 months or so on average -- it is a nice chance to re-orangize). Instead, I think I'll just say that there are definitely things I could say that would make me look like less of an ISTJ -- like I can get as giddy as anyone when watching a favorite character on a favorite show, and I am downright silly when I am by myself or with a VERY trusted friend. But mostly, this is a pretty involuntary persona with anyone who is a peer. For some reason I can be sillier with authority figures and subordinates too -- I think because the nature of the interaction is clearer and more purposeful? Peers are like a big question mark -- I've found my greatest success with other people was giving up at trying to succeed with them, I think because it put me at ease and made me more likely to share myself instead of a "friendly mode" kind of mask. Though any squishy silly self is still a ways in (unless I'm sleep deprived enough, in which case all bets are off).Socionics is (are?) a beautiful thing. The tastiest amount of complicated. (Sometimes I wonder if attraction to/revulsion towards Socionics wouldn't be a decent Si-Ne/Ni-Se discriminator...)The asymmetry in Ni's description has me feeling somewhat conflicted about your descriptions. It seems you restrict unique and visionary insight to those with Ni high in their stack... which seems to restrict a highly-valued aspect of human potential to what you state is an extremely limited pool of individuals. That said, I am guessing I may be misreading intent/agenda into what you're saying.

I can also imagine taking the description you have here -- but as weighted out by equally compelling descriptions of other functions. I've already been exposed to a lot of "Hey, being an intuitive isn't all its cracked up to be, I mean, we didn't fit in as kids -- some of us genuinely envy you sheeple for the placid and unitary calm you find in the herd."

I trust that you're aiming for objectivity though... I suppose my largest qualm is that it isn't just the words you use to describe Ni that have implications, but the lack of words used to describe other functions -- or the relative volume dedicated to Ni versus the rest. For instance, if you were to say that you mean Ni were visionaries in the sense of drawing connections that they don't understand, that turn out to be accurate -- and that Xx was visionary in its own unique domain-specific sense, and so on... That seems balanced, equitable, and in alignment with what I see as the thrust of any model that plots people across two binary axes (i.e., I assume it aims for a neutral plotting of all, not the singling of an ascended subclass, however unwilling or reluctant).

I am tired enough to know that I am probably being a bit salty in tone, so let me just say that I do generally like the descriptions you have here, and pose these questions more out of a respect for your aim to be objective and curiosity about where I've misunderstood/what your response will be. Really, if you write more, my fundamental aim is achieved.

Intuitive bias has just been a thing that has left me with metaphorically achy bones -- when the discussion rolls in, the butthurt riseth, deep within old wounds. Because my emotions are like hemorrhoids, I guess. (*shrug*)

**Edit to add:** Point of clarification -- balance to my sense of it (a debatable target, but something that at the least is helpful in checking ideas/guarding against bias) wouldn't necessarily mean equal capacity to be visionary so much as equal remarkability per function. What is the pinnacle of each, and the dirty and repulsive depths of each? Many of the "range of this type" binaries are "they range from cool and talented people to stupid assholes" (certainly, people indeed do) -- whereas Ni reads like "they range from genius visionaries who become famous to genius visionaries who tragically die before they can become famous."

And whilst I wish I could attest to (as described elsewhere by others -- yours is an interesting departure!) the supernatural ability of Si-doms to consume a regular amount of fiber, stay hydrated, maintain dental hygenie, and pass regular BMs that require very little tissue paper to wipe (as best to suit a natural frugality and timeliness), I can't say that most accounts of the pinnacle of Si-doms, however compelling these accounts may be... have been accurate to my experience. (Not that *I* am biased! ....) Si-dom descriptions don't have to be complimentary -- but I am curious whether you can also see where I am coming from when I am saying this. I might be projecting of course, and again, if salty, it is not intentional! (Though my working in another chance to use the word salty was semi-intentional, I'll admit.)

To be fair, your Si-dom description is really solid, actually. It is really just the extra volumes about Ni that I am not sure what to make of. I guess just on a basic level, I prefer personality models that allow genius and talent, as well as mundane depravity to be equally likely across all types. I think it is more true to the ranges of idiocy, cruelty, genius, inspiration, dedication, insight, etc., that are present in the world -- and more in alignment with the kind of diversity of talents that evolutionary processes are likely to favor in a changing environment with a species unique in its adaptability.Yeah, I suppose to be clear, I care less about the actual base rate prevalence than the equality of human potential across the types. Of course, since any culture values some traits more than others (my ability to gauge which are being represented as equitably gifted will be inevitably thrown off). 

Just an observation that if you look at traits that distinguish humans from animals (in cognition/ability), so often they are mostly, or entirely, reserved for intuitives in the worst descriptions. (But again, yours are not at all in that class -- indeed, your description of reality testing feels very true to my own experience!)

I do not know if this will help, but a couple of thoughts on Ni versus Si, as I have worked with an ENTJ and have wrangled with the definitions of Si in order to recognize where it was operating in my cognition...

Ni users do seem to have a bias towards dealing with reality; however, I think there is a certain amount of probabilistic reasoning that comes into play that they do not always take into account (or would not necessarily see as a problem). 

For an example: If you are in a house with two unruly kids and a reasonable, even-tempered adult, and you hear the sudden smash of glass, it is fairly reasonable for your mind to jump to the kids as culprits. What I find to be different between myself and Ni-users is the space and importance attached to the possibility that it was not the kids, but that instead, it was the adult -- or something else! Perhaps a wall hook that had been used to hang a portrait was not actually rated for the weight it was carrying, and finally gave, allowing the picture to crash to the ground?

Ni-users seem to treat the unlikely scenarios as not really worth consideration in any real way. Now, this is good in some ways -- I was supervised by an ENTJ in assessing and assigning diagnoses for a short while, and I have to say, Ni-Se is quite mysterious and capable. He clearly was able to zero in on the most likely outcomes, and intuitively discard the irrelevant information and details of the individual's history. I don't even know how; I imagine the sensation of Ni-Se is probably extremely different than the sensation of Si-Ne.

That said, it makes errors that it almost can't fully account for, because its model of the world is based on getting things right most of the time -- discarding the irrelevant stuff, including those relatively rare scenarios that their model for the universe produces the wrong answer. (I assure you, focusing on those as more of a matter of course doesn't lead directly to productivity...) However, because of that, those scenarios also aren't really incorporated into the model -- the only way they would be is if they were happening frequently.

In other words -- thinking of the normal curve, it seems like Ni-Se operates constantly on the area in the middle of the curve. Everything with *p* &gt; .10-15 -- the range of likely possibilities, all the way out to what might occur in only 10-15% of cases. However, that can lead to systematic errors when it comes to low-frequency errors, when their experiences have seeded their probabilistic reasoning with inaccurate (or mismatched) information, or when the nature of definitions changes. So for instance, because lived experience is what is most compelling to Ni-Se (that reality-based reasoning), I was unable to convince the ENTJ supervisor -- even after calling up a few research articles to make my case -- that symptoms [x] were absolutely a possible outcome of disorder [y], especially considering that the individual lacked core symptoms of disorder [z]... Well, they were still locked onto the historical linking of [x] with the syndrome [z].

It can also lead to some errors of assuming data that isn't there, and then using it in reasoning. If they have learned that a, b, and c mean x, then if they see those elements again, they're going to assume x... even if they've never systematically searched out other outcomes that can result from a, b, and c. It could be that there are 10 possibilities, and they just happened to see 2-3 instances of a, b, and c resulting in x... Now, those are baked into the reasoning system as "real." (At least as I perceive it.)

Other things that come to mind... it seems to me like Ni-Se is statistics, Si Ne is abstract mathematics; Ni-Se is heuristics,  Si-Ne is algorithms; Ni-Se is economics, Si-Ne is accounting... Each makes its own errors and has its own downfalls. Ni-Se can make small or large errors depending on how much the Ni-Se user has experienced the domain they are reasoning about, how current/representative their information is, and how willing they are to be at least somewhat reasonable in acknowledging the possibility of making an error. Si-Ne is likely to avoid error through lack of action or decision (an error in and of itself), to consume more resources than necessary, and to fail to take action when needed unless they can get better at resolving ambiguity/uncertainty and engaging in at least provisional reasoning using unverified information.

On the other hand, when Ni-Se is experienced -- and makes continued efforts to re-sample the environment to ensure they remain up-to-date rather than becoming arrogant once they first reach high levels of competency -- they can be truly visionary, I do believe that. There is a certain amount of cutting out the bullshit that just happens so automatically and behind the scenes that it seems they can see into the true range of likely outcomes, and while, yes, aliens might colonize the Earth and disrupt their predictions, if their experiences are accurate to the environment, then their predictions are likely to be very well tuned. Meanwhile, when Si-Ne is experienced -- and makes efforts to engage with likelihood as an important part of information -- then I think Si-Ne can excel at formal logic, trouble-shooting and systems development, and teasing apart definitions, situations that lead to different outcomes, etc. I also think Si-Ne can apply a certain diagrammatic logic to the universe -- reducing concepts to their essential variables, which takes a lot of time and experience to feel confident in, but is usually accurate once complete -- which allows them to pattern-match between situations, applying solutions to different environments in a way that may appear visionary, even if it has nothing to do with the probabilistic outcome-visioning of Ni-Se.

I think for a description of Ni-Se at its lowest... One possibility that comes to mind, and which is somewhat seeded by my reading on the Enneagram (another personality theory that explicitly includes range of functioning in its modeling of personality), would be the kind of force/authority/command-type cult leaders, who are genuinely and arrogantly convinced of the infallible truth of their ideas and conceptions, and who -- through the force of their personality, persuasion, and confidence -- gain a following. Not soliciting at all to Fe, but instead, dominating in a more basic way. That kind of confidence that is similar to the confidence/force possessed by people who have nothing to lose -- except it would be because they have absolutely no doubt in their convictions. If that is what you mean by out of touch with reality, that would be the kind of detail that would balance it out in my mind, as right now, "out of touch such that they starve to death" too easily evokes the idea of the visionary genius who is wandering the world being smart and misunderstood, and who only needs an attractive opposite-sex partner who is grounded, a little stupid, but happy and nurturing to help them see their potential (want to take a stab at how I feel about "destined romance" plots?).

Just some thoughts from someone who easily can spend Too Much Time thinking about these things. :)Don't give us away! It's *on the inside* -- and my insides, my business!

Though agreed about INFPs not being crybabies -- I think the understanding of Fe vs Fi can sometimes be a bit rough here. I tend to think Fi-Te folk in general sometimes take things more seriously than Ti-Fe folk do, and get teased accordingly. It's okay, though, we can crush them with Te!&gt;ISTJ: You guys do know it is possible be productive and pleasant at the same time, right?

I don't know if I believe you... I have a hard time balancing the two, and don't see the obvious need for being pleasant (though being actively unpleasant is another question). What is pleasant, any how?

My best friend is INFJ, and it always fascinates me how drastically different our thought processes and perceptions can be, so I'd be curious to hear the story behind this one if you'd be at all inclined to share!I agree with what /u/mirrorconspiracies has said -- there is a difference between having personality tendencies, and having a disorder that interferes with your life and well-being.

For instance, I do also have ADHD, and yet my personality still makes me different from others with ADHD, and different from ADHDers who have Ne. What that looked like for me was not going wild with lots of ideas and creativity (in the sounds-like-Ne fashion) -- I can get into that place, but that isn't what made me ADHD. For me it was much less positive and obvious. I didn't know I had it for a long time, but it was present in the impairments. (And this is where personality comes in a bit, I think.)

I used to mistype as ENTP, and one of the things that made me wonder if I was in the right place was reactions to schedules, lists, planning etc. The topic would come up, and I would be feeling like, "Yes! Lists! Planning!" whereas almost everyone else seemed to respond with, "Yuck!" I created spreadsheets for myself (various kinds and types) to try and track when I did chores, what I was doing with my time, what I wanted to do with my time, etc. I was bringing all the Te I had, but it wasn't making a difference in my productivity. From a younger age on through adulthood, I was constantly trying to clean and organize my space -- but I was always just a complete mess. That meant I always had something to do... But it didn't make me very happy.

After I got diagnosed and treated, all of the sudden my apartment got clean. I am not saying I took my meds and cleaning was really fun all of the sudden, or like I turned into a cleaning zombie, like I think some people think about it. I feel very plain and boring-old-normal with meds... I'm just... more effective. More able to be myself or to take action in accordance with my tendencies and preferences.

**Personality and disorders**

I do think personality shapes how people experience their disorders -- and I think if you rely on the tests, absolutely some disorders would affect what personality you get tested as. Those tests often rely on behaviors, but that means they make an assumption about the link between your personality and your behavior -- where personality trait X always leads to behavior Y. However, this link can easily be broken by your upbringing, circumstances, mood, mental health, comorbid conditions, etc.

That said, I do know that with autism/Apsergers, a lot of individuals have spoken out about "person first language" -- that is, they actually prefer being described as autistic instead of a person with autism -- because of how autism impacts perceptions and thought processes. That is, the ones I've heard talk about it describe it as so central to their experience of life that it IS a part of them -- and in that case, I could see an argument for somehow considering it a part of personality...? 

Though I think at that point, systems like the MBTI might not be terribly accurate when it comes to the tests and descriptions for those individuals. For instance, ISTJs are supposed to be The Most On Time Ever -- I personally am not good at being on time. But that would also be the ADHD in action. So those ADHD traits bias me towards testing as a perceiving type, even though Si-Te describes me better.

When it comes to the underlying reality of personality and psychological disorders... I am really really into that topic so I am going to control the desire to ramble about it for an hour -- but essentially, the distinction between personality and psychopathology is not as clear as it could be, and personality disorders only complicate the picture further. I think the answer is to look at neurology -- not necessarily sections of the brain, but how they talk to each other and how different pathways work. Dr. Dario Nardi is a psychologist who has been attempting to look at the neurology underlying the MBTI systems and functions -- you might check him out.

**Personality vs. reality**

The reason I say looking at neurology is the answer (to me), is that the MBTI system doesn't exist in the same way that a mountain or rock exists. It isn't something that we can lift up and say, "Hey, see this? The green flakes are Te." It describes and categorizes behavior.... which does not have a straightforward relationship with inner experiences (and vice versa). So looking at the underlying brain systems that produce those inner experiences and behaviors seems like the best chance of merging our understanding of personality and psychopathology, to me. 

I don't think they are entirely separate things either -- it is more accurate to say I think it is easier to consider them separately, given where the science is at. I think of the situation being similar to the one in physics. In physics (as I understand it), they have laws for how big things interact, and laws for how tiny things interact, but there is a grey area between the tiny things and the big things... and they're not sure which set of laws hold, or how to integrate those laws with each other. 

Similarly, I think of personality as those behaviors and tendencies that tend to be central to experience, and stable over time, whereas psychopathology consists of those behaviors and tendencies that tend to be less central to experience (i.e., not experienced as a part of reality or as a part of self), and as being more open to change. But just like with Physics, there are disorders and personalities that fall into a grey zone, a place that isn't clearly one or the other. Developmental disorders are one of those areas.&gt;But I really just made that list to "join in the fun," so to speak.

Fair enough :) I didn't take it poorly or anything! I just know I've been told I come off much differently than I would have guessed, so I enjoy opportunities to get a sense of how personality type can factor into how we present and are perceived!I know this topic has been hashed to death here recently (though it warms the cockles of my heart nonetheless), but I thought people might be interested in a small sample of how bias is noticed on *the sensing side* [cue Twilight Zone music].

When I identified as an NTP (since that was what I always got on tests), there was *oodles* to read about myself. About how I was intelligent, misunderstood, logical, relaxed, pretty cool even though I don't show my emotions well... and I like to think those things are true still! But once I saw how I honestly fit the STJ cognitive functions better, I suddenly found myself with a dearth of resources. Which was shitty because I'm as self-interested as the next person and I wanted to read shit about my type. 

So -- back in March, I think? -- I decided to see if I was imagining things (as there was some initial butt-hurt involved in this discovery, and the only appropriate reaction to that is to amass evidence). I google-searched all the types on three popular sites (celebritytypes, 16personalities, and personalitypage -- the ones that came to me first), [and recorded how many results came up for each type](https://workflowy.com/s/fZxOCpslLn). I initially collapsed across sister types (e.g., searching "STJ") which worked for celebrity types; on the latter two sites, I had to use the full four letters as the other didn't get many (or any) results.

It isn't a complete representation by far (and I would be interested in recommendations for other sites to eventually add). I expect some sites are more balanced than these three. However, it does still show a general pattern! (Surprisingly, despite the hate for the worker-bee bureaucrat STJs, SPs, and STPs in particular, definitely got the worst of it.)

**ETA the jist (tl;dr) of below:** When there is a lack of deep, nuanced content available *about* a type (or anything, really), it naturally follows that there will generally be a lack of depth and accuracy in *understanding* that type (or other object/idea/concept). And this can easily become a self-perpetuating cycle.

------

**More words for people who like words:**

When people talk about intuitive bias, it isn't just about how shitty or narrow the descriptions can often be. It is also about the *absence* of content. I think this is part of why intuitives get described and understood in more depth, and why people can see how any admirable person might fit into a stretched intuitive type or another. They're explored in depth in a variety of ways. 

For instance, how many times have you seen it debated whether a character is INTJ or INTP? "They seem to be really structured and focused on efficiency and logical rules for their environment, not about internal logical systems -- they have to have Te." "Yeah, but still, they come up with lots of ideas, and are silly, exploratory, and curious in a way that *clearly* suggests Ne. Just think of that time they used all those puns." And the conversation continues back and forth that way. Does this person exist in a weird void beyond type -- or defy the usual rules of typing?? How ever could they have *both* Te *and* Ne?? 

So no wonder people identify as intuitives (even beyond the test results) -- typing as anything else almost invites you to GTFO. [That character you identify with](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f27IqVo5-Oc), and consider a possible example of your type is debated and discussed, and almost no even considers your type as a possibility because, 'he's smart, likes computers, and doesn't have an athlete's regard of the physical environment.' When your type is discussed, it is too-often lamented, with a self-serving complaint that "gosh it is hard to be a smart, independent thinker or a creative, out-of-the-box, sensitive feeler when those short-sighted sheeple are in charge."

Or taking ESTPs as an example -- it is probably fair enough to say that they could be impatient with theory when that is getting in the way of action. However, without deeper conversation on ESTPs, that is too easily taken as ESTPs not being *able* to grasp theory, or as never being interested in information, research, etc. Yet if you take an INTJ with Se-inferior, it is supposed to explain why they're adorkable and clumsy and a bit awkward --  but no one suggests that their theories are so detached from reality as to be meaningless, pointless, wildly inaccurate etc. They probably aren't that bad! And ESTPs probably aren't *as* completely removed from theory as people suggest, either.

Now, this isn't about butthurt or "woe are sensors!" I was more thinking that this might be interesting to some, and helpful to others. (We can even add more numbers and do stats!) At least for myself, I know never noticed before. And I never thought I had any anti-sensor sentiment, either. But I was surprised by how insulted I felt by the typing, initially. On some level I felt like I was being told that I am slow, sluggish, and short-sighted, compared to the rapid, creative wit and intelligence of NTPs. There isn't really a whole lot out there about the depth and nuance of ISTJ personalities, so I only had what I heard -- xSTJs as reliable and steady as a clock, as solid and certain as granite... and just about equally boring to talk to as both.

-----

**Edit: I tried to make less words and made more words... in the form of an analogy*:**

An analogy -- let's say I lived my entire life in the same house, and never left it. Let's also say that my father was a huge fan of the color red, and different rooms of the house were painted in dynamic shades of it -- bright scarlet fading into maroon, a textured brick red, a warm, understated sandy pastel red, a firey red supported with orange and yellow highlights -- all tastefully and skillfully balanced with neutral tones, so it wasn't overwhelming or an abuse to the senses. 

Clearly, a warm-colors guy, he was relatively unimpressed with the cool tones of blue, and never intentionally purchased anything or decorated in that color. We had items in the house with that color -- the bright blue label on a bottle or measuring cup, the flat tones of navy or sky blue that some instruction manuals were printed in, the crayon blue of the coffee can, the sky blue of the febreeze bottle. Still, these were commerical objects not purchased for decoration or visual appeal -- they were functional, and blue was either one of many primary colors in the set, or it was because it was the type of product (e.g., a cleaning supply) for which blue has appropriate psychological connotations. Would it be such a surprise to find out that I loved the color red, and thought the color blue was flat, boring, and uninspiring -- good cleaning supplies and plastic kitchen utensils, but not for a rich, inviting, impressive home?

*Word-haters can blame /u/PaladinXT for convincing me to try to make a tl;dr against my better judgment :P It isn't my strong suit.So, no surprises here. The title question: How does one tell the difference between an ISTJ comedian and an ENTP comedian?

*"You're joking right? ...Uh... one of them is actually funny?"*

Bear with me here. Why compare these types? ...Okay fine, my investment in the topic is transparent, but that's not the only reason. ...Or at least not the only *defensible* reason.

Consider that both lead with a perceiving function, implying that both prioritize perception over judgment, even if that tendency may be more or less obvious to others (given the extroversion versus introversion factor). Both use Si-Ne, giving each a kind of multi-faceted and diagramatic approach to the world -- seeing multiple angles, ideas, and applications, and building internal diagrams and models for reality.

In addition, both have auxiliary thinking functions, with tertiary feeling functions, giving a logic-over-ethics, or thinking-over-sentiment, or rationale-over-value kind of approach. Of course, the differences here will also stand out, in that ISTJs have Te-Fi, a logic of objects and actions outside of them, with a more internal ethics of sentiment, justice, and value judgments. ENTPs have Ti-Fe, an internal logic of arguments and principles, with a more externalized ethics of relationship and expression. 

For both, however, logic -- whether primarily externalized or internalized -- predominates over ethics, but less dramatically than if they led with a judging function. And the extroversion of the ENTP can lead to a kind of draw on the use of Fe as well, since it also interacts with the external world. And the introversion of the ISTJ can lead to a kind of draw on the use of Fi as well, since it is the parallel structure of sentiment and value-judgment that is alongside Si's internalized diagrams and models of reality.

So then... there are many reasons we might see overlap in how each comes across -- especially on stage, where the material can be selected from among all of their comedic attempts, so that they're only sharing their best analogies, or their most abstract and clever connections. Or where there can be pressure and reward for coming across as quirky, neurotic, extroverted, but also insecure about it. And all that about ENTPs being the most introverted extroverts -- so how do we tease them apart?

----

*Other Thoughts*

If you can't describe the difference between ISTJs and ESTJs with more than variations of "how much that dick gets up in your shit"... well, I don't know what to say. Then you probably don't see the sense in this question at all, and feel free to say so.

I am interested in any kind of responses -- disagreement with assertions I've made above, requests for me to defend or explain any assertions from above, examples of comedians you think are ENTP versus ISTJ, solid statements or just guesses as to what differences might be decisive, or just more *likely* in one than the other -- though I encourage you to state how secure or tentative you are in what you're suggesting. And of course, peruse the comments, disagree with each other, debate, fight.

I don't have an answer in mind, just curious what others might say. And I am not out for blood or a fight... or, rather, I'm not one to want to indulge myself in those impulses when I notice them in myself. So please share freely. Or move along -- your choice!

----

**tl;dr** -- Given that both lead with perception, use Si-Ne, may have socially introverted qualities, and have auxiliary thinking with tertiary feeling, ISTJ and ENTP comedians may come across similarly on stage -- especially since both will be in a setting that demands an expense of energy and engagement with the crowd, and that allows for preparation and selection of one's most quality and clever material. How can we differentiate them?
&gt;It's practically impossible to get them this excited.... about anything. 

No man, I get very excited when it comes to dank memes.I thought ENFPs found us boring as hell.

That might just be for ISTJs though.&gt;Killed twice

&gt;OP just straight up wants to kill me

Such is life.A one room apartment in a major city with a hall kitchen and a bathroom. White walls, grey furniture, my shrine to Gaben in a corner somewhere. Modern concept interior, generally clean, no germs.

Basically [this](http://imgur.com/a/N3H0p).

ISTJI sell memes and meme accessories.* ORDER
I found another typo, "Hamster", not "Hampster".I voted 1 for all of those as I believe that we do live in a relatively equal society when it comes to gender, religion and race. Class and age are the big dividers in my opinion.

I do wonder why those who voted 2, 3 or 4 to the gay question voted that way.I got 89% ISTJ 4% ISTP 2% INTJ 2% ISFJ 1% ESTJ, pretty similar to yours but with ISTJ instead of INFP. :P
&gt; ISTJ - Irrationally stubborn people. They will do things their way even if you explain them a hundred times why it is "bad" for everyone. They also value tradition, which means they are unable to adapt when times change (once a Nazi, always a Nazi). They are good at organising unimportant stuff.

So, I'm a Nazi now, huh?The problem is, Kira (this Kira, not the one from Death Note) is probably a psychopath or something like that, judging by how he treats his "trophies", not to mention he's a serial murderer. Wouldn't that negatively affect our ability to determine his type?&gt; MY BODY IS READY... RELEASE ME FROM THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF FLESH

Found a [tech-priest](http://wh40k.lexicanum.com/wiki/Tech-priest).As an ISTJ, I'm not really that much in favor of it, but if it was relatively cheap and didn't give a lot of problems, I wouldn't mind replacing my legs and eyes, maybe even the heart.ISTJ here.

"Mom, I asked you seriously. Mom, please! *Mom!* UUUUUUGGGHH!"European ISTJ here.

Personally, I think possibly-weak Sanders would have definitely been a better choice than both Clinton and Trump. However, since USA *had* to choose "the shiniest of two turds"... If I were voting, I'd probably have voted Trump, for reasons I'd rather not disclose here, though I have a feeling I'd probably regret it.

However, was I *expecting* this? Hell no. Trump winning was actually a surprise to me. I went to bed thinking there's no way he'd *actually* win and woke up to an unexpected shock, which I quickly went over by seeing people's reactions. Schadenfreude is one hell of a thing.If stuff goes horribly wrong, at least you can smoke and drink yourself to death, I guess?Watching the world burn is always fun.But is it *high* noon?I love survey seasons.
As an ISTJ I can GUARANTEE this post was not made by part of the hivemind I personally have noticed a lot of people in r/ISTJ seem to be interested in ExFJ peopleIt depends on my daily commitments as to how much time however i do tend to listen to music whenever I'm doing homework ~2.5h

I'm not particularly adventurous... I have a ~30 song playlist that I listen to. Tend to stick to a small amount of artists and when I am looking for new material to listen to it's mostly from similar artists on soundcloud.

It is impossible for my to describe what constitutes a favourite song for me. However I find that the songs I enjoy most are ones that have multiple layers of music at once so that I can analyse the various things that are taking place at once. Just by listening out for a different layer of the song it feels like a completely new song.

And I mostly listen to Dubstep and EDM music in general.

I am an ISTJ

- Recommendation for fans of EDM, https://soundcloud.com/essential_music/teminite-ascent 
&amp; https://soundcloud.com/officialpandaeyes/panda-eyes-teminite-adventure-time-1 As an ISTJ I only find sheeple offensive in that list... We may all do the same thing but that's because it's the logical choice. 

I am still never the less surprised when I happen upon an artist ISTJ in our subreddit but it is still possible however unlikely it may be.

As an ISTJ I can however confirm that we are a hivemind of drones and that the majority of us are proud of it.Am I?Nobody said we were oppressed, OP only said baised against. Those two words carry very different connotations. Stop complaining about people having an adult discussion

[disclaimer] I actually disagree with OP.PERSONAL GAINWhat is your opinion of rules and the concept of justice?Not quite what I meant, ISTJ's tend to follow almost all rules and strongly dislike when others break them. I can't comment on ISFJ's but I don't think they are similar in this respect so I thought it would be a good question to help type youThen I think I can accurately say ISTJThat is by far the most accurate ISTJ relationship advice I've seen so far
-ISTJSorry but I'm going to have to say that OP did nothing wrong and although the description wasn't perfect there was nothing directly wrong with it, perhaps a ; was needed but I think you are being a little bit too critical.
Not looking for a fight though, just voicing my opinion
-ISTJI don't think you are right. I am an ISTJ born into an uneducated christian family and I myself am an athiest civil engineer. I broke the chain because unlike my retarded family I was simply smart enough not to break the law. I pride myself on rational thought and I think the same could be said for most ISTJs. That said we still do conform to Social norms regardless of how rational we are.

Also another fact for you. Only 2% of Germany were members of the nazi party in 1944. It is estimated that ISTJ's make up 14% of the population of the US.I'm going to jump on the salty ISTJ train here. Nazi's, really dude. WTFPerhaps next time you'd better think twice before comparing a group of INNOCENT people to a tyrranical political party that is responsible for the deaths of 9 millions jews, 11 million russian soldiers, 3 million UK and US troops and 8 million german soldiers.Hmm... That's a tough question. At least for me personally my functions work together like a well oiled machine. My sensing makes observations about the world and looks for minute details that effect and response I might make. My thinking kicks in next and considers the possible outcomes and responses that could be made. My judging swings through at the end and weighs the advantages and disadvantages. 

I'm not sure if that was clear in how I described it but it makes sense to meHumour = puns and nothing else
Studying style = Either quiet work, or discussing questions with people. I tend to study for exams by writing notes then doing a practice exam to find weaknesses then fix the problemsBecause jung's function theory is not directly part of the MBTI system I avoid discussing it unless specifically asked.

I feel like I'm fulfilling every stereotype when I say that you need to be more specific.I can't speak on behalf of EVERY ISTJ but my personal wish list is someone who we can care for and protect. Someone who is smart and able to hold an intelligent conversation and someone who is stubborn enough to challenge our opinions.

Even though I am an extremely boring person my ideal partner would be bubbly and optimistic enough to draw me out of my pessimistic shell but must  know when we have had enough.

From the practical side of things someone who could explain human emotions to me would be nice. Jk :P

I think that I would stay in an unhappy relationship until I had ascertained  that it was irreparableThere's 5 of usJust end it, no messing about, no wasting timeNo it was Carl Jung that designed them https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jungian_Type_IndexI think us ISTJ's were the ones who got least rekt by that postPlz luv meFrom the general consensus in the comments of ISFJ I think I need to develop myself some FLolAn army of ISTJ drones (300+)[ISTJ]

Efficient, ordered, justice, solved.your house please sir.Do you actually work in a STEM field? Because women aren't bullied, if anything they are aided. Universities often give women easier access to degrees and in the workplace I've never seen any woman treated poorly. There is far less bullying in STEM fields than anywhere else and gender doesn't change this.Their head would be on a pike for F type heracyDon't fear us... Submit to the hivemindPlease noI've never used it as an excuse to be narrow minded and I actually don't think many other ISTJ's do. Stop complaining about problems that don't existDepends on genre but almost always the instrumentation and music itself. I hate those pesky "singers" talking over a good songNoNOTE: for those of you visiting for the first time, there is an unspoken consensus of right and wrong as to what should be posted there. Beware.overwatch is probably the big favorite but everyone plays their own stuff. I personally am a fan of WT, WoT and H&amp;G. That said though Overwatch takes most of my time recently"I'm never going to be able to schedule my whole day and be happy"
For me at least it's not what makes me happy but rather what needs to be done that is important, and at the end of the day I can stop, look around, see what I have done/created and hopefully be proud of my effort. The entire time I am working I do it because I feel I must. I plan because it is the best way to do what I must. It is incredibly hard for me to articulate this any clearer while staying on topic and as such this may work better if you ask more specific/smaller questions that I can give a more direct response to.athiest. Yes.I get along well with all the INTJ's I meet but I would hardly call them friend. Too un-trustworthy. Not to mention that ISTJ's only maintain a pool of 1-3 friends at any given time so to have 3 people friends would fill up two slots and that requires the ISTJ's not to have 1 or more friends in advance.no... bad INTJ, down. none of this silliness. 1. Lazy INFP
2. slightly less lazy INFPAs an ISTJ I find the role of Jedi watchman very appealing however at times the dark side can be very tempting. Although I could never bring myself to kill an innocent person and I think that I plan things out far too much to risk it all by getting angry in battle.INTJ's always seem to have ulterior motives... I just don't feel like I can ever give them my full loyalty which is essentially a requirement for friendshipsIt's hard to describe but because they attempt to manipulate you once or twice its hard for me to give my full trustIt would be heavenMale - 17 - ISTJ....


We exist but tend to be rare around reddit and other MBTI forumsDo ithttps://tenor.co/xYUc.gifWe are here, we are just very quiet and do not speak unless spoken toAlmost every ISTJ I know has suffered from depression or anxiety disorders.I'm a 5w6 ISTJcan confirmISTJ?You're a robot, just pull the lever half way and derail the cart/r/civ
/r/askengineers
/r/WW2
/r/overwatch
/r/history
/r/militaryporn
/r/PCmasterraceJustice (*is literal batman*) - ISTJyou're kind of retardedISTJ 5w6

**3W Feminism**
Against

**Anti-Fa**
Against

**(Fascists)**
Also against

**Neo-liberalism**
Hesitant, borderline against

**Alt right** 
Against

**Racists** 
Against

Short and to the point but I think I'm pretty objective in my standpoints. None of these groups in the larger political scheme of things have either thought their actions or policies through. That said I try to stay open minded so if anyone disagrees by all means approach me and I'm willing to have a constructive discussion.ISTJs are very consistent workers. Maintain above average workloads for long periods of time. Whereas INTJs tend to depend far more on level of motivation and this means they fluctuate between super high work ethic and very low work ethic.I mean its a quite important point though. Its not uncommon to see pro overwatch teams have 2 or more members commit suicide jumping off cliffs because it's the most optimal play they can make. Every FPS is different and requires different strategies to succeedYeah seems ISTJ to me. Could well be ISFJ too as STJ SFJ is harder to type in women&lt;3 no u&lt;3 no uISTJ, 18, Australia. You wanna play a game of chess?INTJs are either the coolest people to be around, or a cancer that needs to be extracted from existence.I would say intelligence probably. Well. I mean. Statistically speaking at least 50% of INTJs are supposedly mistyped ISTJsBasedF: ENTP
M: ISFJ
K: ESFJOk I made a joke thread a few months back making fun of AMAs but I know you guys are thirsting for an ISTJ AMA (which hasn't been done as far as I know) so ask away!As an ISTJ I've had multiple people come to me and gawk saying "OMG what's it like having an Si function?". Now as someone who has never experienced anything other than this can someone:

A. Tell me what it is actually supposed to mean

B. Explain to me why it's special

C. Provide me with an adequate response to these peopleSorry if this is against the rules mods, please feel free to take the post down if it is

I'm just posting because I know a lot of people on r/MBTI are really good people and if any gamers were interested I figured I would invited some of you to join us on Discord at: https://discord.gg/BvZDuVn

BTW... before you ask, most of the people on there know nothing at all about MBTI
u/sir_solrac mentioned that it might be interesting to do a bit of surveying of our sub so I created this anonymous survey for ISTJ's:

https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/TC63TKQLet's agree to disagree, they're kinda cringeI'm male
Oh I ask because I was on the border myself of Istj and Intj. But I now know for sure I use Si just not in sense of how everyone stereotypes the function as. (Traditional etc). Me and the guy in the blue hat are completely alike as well. I'm a eneagram 1w9 as well so I guess that would make more sense. But I never took myself to be a extrovert. But Inferior Fi makes more sense now the more i read into it. Thank you for your input.Narcissists = Someone who does not have empathy.
I don't personally have Fe as one of my top four functions since im *STJ.
But generally from what I know about Fe, it can be described as caring about the atmosphere of a group/or people and trying to fix that maybe or trying to adjust yourself to the group I don't know.
So generally the theme is you do care* there is no lack of empathy. 
I don't necessarily have a good take on what Fe is since I dont use it, but I think Fe is filled with empathy for people.
Again the theme in this is you are aware of your use of empathy. 
Where as narcissists do not have empathy. 
Generally Fi is mistaken for narcissism. 
But that is neither the case
Fi generally to me at least is a lot like individualism.
So initially it is not possible to paint a whole sub group of a personality as having narcissistic tendencies or not. 
In conclusion that article is very faulty and generally is trying to paint the whole dynamic of 
Introvert = Covert Narcissist 
Extrovert = Overt Narcissist
When none of that is true. A sure way for me at least to differentiate between someone who has narcissistic tendencies and not is the intention behind the motive, and also the lack of empathy.
Also they have tendency to not own up to their problems and or mistakes. Even if they do apologies.
Again I'm not a doctor or professional in any sense, I know this from my personal experience dealing with Narcississts. 
Empathy is understanding the feelings of people. 
Narcissists do not have empathy generally. 
If narcissists were to choose whether or not to have empathy I don't think they would generally be considered narcissistic.
This is again is just my own theory.
Because you see the act of choosing to have empathy or not is a conscious decision.
Where as narcissism is a unconscious personality disorder.
Because generally Narcissists have an inflated sense of self-importance and a deep need for admiration from others.
Because of all this self-importance and need for attention and admiration the idea of empathy would be like shifting the attention,admiration or whatever to other people and in a sense they would not be getting what they want out of the situation. 
So instead there is a lack of empathy because it is a risky concept.
But again it is all done unconsciously.
So in default empathy does not come naturally to them.
The narcissists that I know of happens to be both a ISFJ and a Esfj. Which would fall inline with the Si-Ti theory. 
I like to think that personality disorders are more or less like a defect to a already smooth surface. The surface been the personality. In conclusion it can affect anybody really.
Because Personality types is more or less like a Preference ? It could be considered something done consciously ? Maybe I don't know and personality disorders is just something that happens to you without you consciously being aware of it. Because NPD is considered an unconscious personality disorder. I don't know if that made sense, because I know I'm rambling at this point. But honestly I don't know if any Type or cognitive function stack can make you more prone or at risk of being a narcissists or not. Because again its about the intend of the individual.&gt;Having empathy, and choosing to empathize are different things. Hell, even in MBTI we assume that there's a preference made in T over F, or F over T.

Here's the problem with this.
Empathy is a human emotion that everyone has, the way in which varies from person to person.
Take someone who has Inferior Fi, which is what I prefer.
In a sense you could say I surpress Fi, I surpress empathy. But that's not true either.
For ex. If someone were to be cruelly exploited publicly, I would recognise this as a cruel act.
Where as someone who does not have empathy (again not someone who is not choosing to have empathy but does not have it as a default)
Would look at this very similar situation and see it as a default. 
A thing that happens there's nothing really wrong with it.

&gt;If someone, semi-consciously makes a choice to not empathize, why would this not become a pattern?

Again as I said before, you can choose not to show emotion (The choice of not empathizising) but again this is not true because you would still have the ability to see something as cruel or not etc. Which is empathy.

&gt;Are narcissists born narcissistic? If not, how are they made narcissistic besides the choices of themselves and the people around them in childhood?

So this one is a bit tricky.
Because the underlying factor in a lot of Narcissists and how they became varies quite a lot.
Some narcississts inherit it from their parents/family members others have had wonderful childhoods but still do come out as being narcissistic.
I'm still trying to figure this one out myself, since it seems to be family inherited thing for myself.
If you do want to know more about narcissists and their underlying character istics I have found this [website] (https://postcardstoanarcissist.wordpress.com/definition-of-narcissism-or-npd-narcissistic-personality-disorder/)
to be quite informative and helpfull.
Yeah i think I read a post about INTJs and trauma on this [website] (https://mbtifiction.com/2015/10/23/intjs-and-trauma/) and its does resonate a lot with me. But I still am don't know whether I'm Si or Ni. I havent really been able to find a post or anything that could help me distinguish between the two. I always saw Si as seeing pictures in your head as they were/are and then describing it as such. I remember in elementary school I would do this a lot, if I wanted to remember a definition of something, I would sort of go back to the memory of the event and like picture my teacher saying the definition or remembering what the definition looked like in my book/whatever. I don't know if that's Si or Ni or whatever. &gt; Your reaction when the hypothetical screams Fe

Could you please elaborate on this, do you mean the part of what i believe in because I could see how that come off as Fe ? Or I'm confusedSo could you give me a real life example of this, like wouldn't Si - Ne users be the ones who would most likely like to talk things out and debate despite already having a solution ? And Ni - Se just want to come to a solution and be done with it all. Ex. Si - Ne good at math , Ni - Se not so good at math. Ohh yeah I could see how my response about the car breaking down could be translated as someone using Fe, but I only said that because as a Fi user I have had quite a lot of backlash about not considering other people and etc. 
A lot of my friends happen to be ENFP`s as well. I have a family member who is clearly a dominant Fe user where as she might care not to to step on peoples toes or say any outlandish things that might trigger people, I do the go ahead anyway and say those outlandish things no matter who might be in the surrounding. I still don't see myself as a Fe user though but thank u for trying.What would a stance on tradition be vs a stance on their own worldview be ? 
ESFJ ? Yeah no I think your doing a great job at it actually. 
I think I might probably be a Si user in this sense then, because I do love order, especially at home. 
So would that make me a ISTJ then? Everyone seems to think I'm a ISFJ, but I don't see Fe in me at all. 
Before I wrote this actually I had been on the border of ISTJ/ESTJ as well. Im really sure about my Te,Fi use though and now I think I might be sure of my Si as well/somewhat working on it. But thank you for your help.Personally whether or not I turn them in would depend on three factors, whether it was on accident, whether it was self defense, or other (it was intentionally). 
If the case were to be other, I would judge them on two factors, whether they are showing remorse (do they feel guilty) or not.
A situation where they don't feel any remorse for the act I would anonymously turn them in, if they did show some remorse and empathy I would help them through the situation and suggest they turn themselves in. 
But I would find it quite strange that someone would confess such an act towards me unless there are other motives at play here, (like them wanting me to feel responsible for their act as well or them wanting me to realise a certain aspect of their personality which is why they probably decided to tell me)

&amp;nbsp;

Edit : I just wanted to add. The thing I would keep in mind when making a decision on whether or not to truly turn in a life long close friend would be because of the aftermath of what they have done by telling me this, because the truth is friends do come and go, so if I had decided to keep it between us this would eventually eat away at our friendship and no matter what I do they will always see as a threat because I know something about them that could just as easily ruin their life or their freedom. So I'd rather give up such a precious friendship then live a life of complete paranoia.Ichabod crane from Tim Burtons version of sleepy hollow. 
I relate to this character because he was always misunderstood by the masses because he had a different outlook on life to what most would have. And this alienated him, and he also went through a rough childhood which I can relate to completely. 
I don't relate much the Ichabod crane version on the tv series however and I haven't read the books either but sleepy hollow is probably my fav movie to date.Light has a vision of what he believes the world should look like (Si) and accomplishes this by using the death Note, his constantly planning ahead (Si and Te) example when he gave himself up to L and pretended to not be kira, because L was suspicious of him at this point, so he appointed someone else to be the next kira, and do the killings for him instead. 
The idea is he was being very meticulous (like with the timing and the order in which the events would unfold) and this sounds a lot like Si Te.
A lot of Si Te users like myself plan ahead because we are unaware of what the future holds so we plan meticulously in order to cover any weird shifts the future might throw at us.
But you can't plan the future step by step and the life will throw u loopholes you can't cover up.
Which is exactly what happened, when light got caught.
He had been so meticulous with his planning the idea of his plan not pulling through as usual (Si) was absurd to him and he had grown quite comfortable with this.
Which is why he had not been afraid to show up at the warehouse that day with the new L.
Or atleast that's how I remember it, his last show down in the end is more or less what a Si Te user looks like when they're plan doesn't pull through and they are left with nothing.
So in conclusion either ESTJ or ISTJ.  I think he has inferior Fi or tertiary Fi however because he didn't really know how to handle the situation with Misa.Besides the digs at me not being a Si dominant user, but rather a Ni dominant which is not true at all.
I dont know essentially what Ni is but if you do search up the wiki [link] (http://deathnote.wikia.com/wiki/Light_Yagami) he was frustrated by the lack of justice in the world and he used the death note as a way to help fix the world.
I dont know about Ni users but I do know a lot of Si users, have their "own" idea of what the world should look like, and this is why especially ESTJs come off as being strict stereotypically.
They have an idea of how things should be done, and how the world works. 
Very black and white view of life and this is what I see light doing.
Also this " Light would constantly predict all of the possible scenarios that could happen and plan a solution in advance, even in the most impromptu situations" 
This sounds a lot like someone who is a by the book planner. (Which is Si fyi)
Also here is a good [description] (https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2cud38/can_someone_help_me_understand_si_a_little_more/cjj61nw) of what Si vs Ni is. Which applies to what I think Si is. 
When I first found out about MBTI I typed as INFJ &gt; INFP.
This lasted for 2 years until I found out about cognitive functions and then from INFP &gt; INTJ &gt; ISTJ &gt; ESTJ but now I finally settled for ISTJ because there is no way I'm an extrovert. 
Atleast I know I'm eneagram 1w9 which has been consistent over the years.ESTJ here.
I like Songs by Marina and the diamonds, Melanie Martinez, P!ATD, Years and Years, Chet faker so pretty much anything with a good lyric (mostly I can relate to) and really good beat.
And sometimes it even only has to have a good beat, and weird like symbolic lyrics (That dont make sense) like Purity ring, The glass animals and Alt-j.
Or sometimes I like pop rock like Paramore and BMTH (I really liked their sempitermal album)
I really dont watch cartoons, but I like anime.
Death note and Psycho pass especially psycho pass is probably one of my favourites.ESTJ , Self (3.86) Musical (3.57) and Language (3.29) Imma post songs I think describes me :
[Miss y - Marina and the diamonds] (https://youtu.be/8TLn9lpZVow), 
[Oh no! - Marina and the diamonds] (https://youtu.be/Cr-SqRWImmI), 
[I told you so - Karmin] (https://youtu.be/yEalWO4IjC4), 
[Circus - Britney spears] (https://youtu.be/lVhJ_A8XUgc), 
[Talk is cheap - Chet faker] (https://youtu.be/aP_-P_BS6KY), 
[G.U.Y - Lady gaga] (https://youtu.be/PNu_-deVemE)
I'm surprised he didn't use the word "Amusing" even once. Ive had that thrown my way quite a few times when confused about stuff on this subreddit. This is just so cringe.That song is one of my favourites of hers. 
I really in truth do just love marina I feel like she just gets me with every song she puts out. Its amazing. I am constantly thinking about what I'm going to do tomorrow before going to bed/important things that need to happen.
If I can't sleep I usually am thinking about the days events/things I should have said instead etc, or sometimes I go over topics and things I saw on the internet and I add my own opinions on the things (how just and right the thing was or what the best alternative towards the thing should have been etc)/sometimes I even do this aloud if no-one is home.&gt;Tell me yourself, I challenge your answer. Imagine that you are creating a fabric of human destiny with the object of making men happy in the end, giving them peace and rest at last, but that it was essential and inevitable to torture to death only one tiny creature — that baby beating its breast with its fist, for instance — and to found that edifice on its unavenged tears; would you consent to be the architect on those conditions?

Truthfully, and I would not. 
Who is to say essentially this is the answer to true happinesss for all humanity ? How does implementing cruelty onto something bring forth the opposite of that ?
Personally i believe in karma, and reincarnation. To me essentially happiness is the balance between good and evil. It is the middle ground.
So essentially you cannot have one without the other. 
A world where humanity know nothing but happiness is not really a world of happiness. It is truly a world of nothing.
How would one know what happiness is, if they did not know what not being happy is ?.
Essentially I believe the effect of doing this would only bring chaos onto the world.
The meaning of what happiness once was, will change drastically over time.
And what was once considered cruel, would take happinesses place. 
Because there would be no scale of balance, between what is good and what is evil. 
Because you can only see the light (happiness) through the dark.
Its an act of balance.
If you only had the light, and you brought your own light how would you be able to see it.
You would not, infact you would question the very being of the light, and eventually stray from it. 
I believe that the balance of the light/dark is in everyone. 
And reincarnation serves as a balance between the two.
So to conclude no I would not kill the baby, because doing so would ruin the very means of what I consider the purpose of life itself.

[Major Jordan - Every step every way] (https://youtu.be/X-vCNmpyVdI) - This one is mostly for times when I'm thinking about that special someone. (I mostly love this because of the visual effects)
[Zolita - Holy] (https://youtu.be/hdYiYjuf0ko) (Same with this song because of the video), [Banks - Fuck with myself] (https://youtu.be/-99e4geCm2w) and [Marina and the diamonds - Fear and loathing] (https://youtu.be/9txg0XicoJ0) - This song in general is my fav song of all time. So yeah.Marxist Feminism: 80%
Cultural Feminism: 75%
Radical Feminism: 71%
Liberal Feminism: 63%
Traditionalism 17%
Question 1
&amp;nbsp;

Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age, and current state of mind ?


I am 21, female, I have mild ptsd from an abusive childhood, grew up with narcissistic parents, I also may have slight ocd and I have body dysmorphia. 

Question 2
&amp;nbsp;

Click on this link: https://www.flickr.com/explore/.
Look at a random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it ?

I chose : https://www.flickr.com/photos/insearchofgoodlight/28089871295/in/explore-2016-07-04/

&amp;nbsp;

I like this picture a lot, I like the colour of the sunset reflecting on the waters surface, and I like the yachts in the background. The thing that stood out most to me has to be the calming effect, this picture is trying to encapsulate, and I love that, calm and still.

Question 3
&amp;nbsp;

You are with a group of people in a car, heading to a different town to see your favourite band/artist/musician. Suddenly, the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere. What are your initial thoughts? What are your outward reactions?

The first thing that I would do is try to get the update on what's really going on, what's wrong with the car and etc. Once that has been established I will try to get everyones opinions on what we should do next.
I only do this because I want everyone to feel included, and no hard feelings should felt afterward or I don't exactly want people to be bossed around and do things that they don't feel will benefit the situation and etc.
Off course my own interpretation of a plan will be to first check the time and see how many hours left we have before said concert will begin, look up any numbers of tow-trucks or insurances that can help us with our problem etc.
Find out how long it will take the help to come and find us and therein make a decision on whether or not to call a cab/uber and have them safely deliver us to our destination.

Question 4
&amp;nbsp;

You somehow make it to the concert. The driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced (and assure you they won't drink so they can drive back later). How do you feel about this party? What do you do?

This depends on who is at the party, seeing as I don't generally mix well with people I don't know. And also the party scene is not generally a place you will find me but if my close friends are up to going and I will consider it. But most likely won't be going home with the designated driver we arrived with, I'd probably take an uber home with my friends. But generally I'd probably decline and go home and chill and read a book or something at home.

Question 5
&amp;nbsp;

On the drive back, your friends are talking. A friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs. What is your inward reaction? What do you outwardly say ?

Generally my friends wouldn't say really ignorant stuff, but if they do and this ignorant thing is really personal to me (like its a reflection of who I am and etc) I would try to counterargue their claim, and if they are still being blatantly ignorant, then I will write them off and move on. 

Question 6
&amp;nbsp;

What would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs, experiences, and habits?

Generally I believe that everyone has their own perspective on life and that each of us believe what we want to believe and whatever we believe in becomes our reality. So if anything this experience would probably just exemplify this belief.

Question 7
&amp;nbsp;

What are some of your most important values? How did you come about determining them? How can they change?

Honesty - This mostly comes from having to deal with lots of lies and nonescence throughout my childhood.
Independence - Again something that stems from my childhood, the freedom to do and just be yourself is what is important to me.

Question 8
&amp;nbsp;

a) What about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else?

b) If you could change one thing about you personality, what would it be? Why?

A) I don't know how to answer this because this question sounds like it was adapted to distinguish the people who believe they special snow flakes and just how rare they are. When the truth is not really. I do recognise that I am more structured than my friends as in I keep day planners and etc, and I'm probably more pessimistic than they would be most often.

B) Stop procrastinating, stop being so damn pessimistic and try being optimistic for once.

Question 9
&amp;nbsp;

How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most ofen triggered ?

I've only ever listened to myself when making decisions, sometimes bad, but initially I know what I want, where I want to be/go so I listen to myself quite a lot.

Question 10
&amp;nbsp;

a) What activities energize you most?
&amp;nbsp;

b) What activities drain you most? Why?

A) Reading, talking to people and advising them about their problems, contributing to a conversation in a positive way, Listening to psychedelic music.

B) People who hang out for far too long hours, An environment that is way to loud and there is way too much going on, small talk about the most mundane things, talking about the same thing over and over and never reaching a conclusion especially if I had helped in contributing a solution (Tldr talking for Talkings sake) maybe this is just a pet leave of mine idk.

Question 11
&amp;nbsp;

What do you repress about your outward behavior or internal thought process when around others? Why?

I don't really repress much about myself, I am who I am and therefore you should take me for who i am. No filters no nothing, I am as straightforward as can get.

Types I have been typed as (INTJ, ISTJ, INFJ, INFP also might as well add ESTJ)  
Floss every day.There aren't a lot of ISTJ songs but I think [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apaJ3A56XbM) comes pretty close.As an ISTJ: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE WE'RE NOT NAZIS!!!!!!!!I know I'm just giving you a hard time haha.I really don't like school unless I'm in a class that interests me. If I have homework in a math class I put it off as long as possible until I'm forced to do it.ISTP's and INTJ's let insults roll off of them pretty easily.Me: ISTJ

Mom: ESFP

Brother: INTP

Sister: INFP&gt;ESTJ mom and ISTJ dad

What were your parents like growing up?There is a disturbing lack of ISTJ's on this website.[I don't know.](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/704/684/c9c.jpg)ISTJ would totally go to the very front right row.Fuck I do this.ISTJ here. I originally supported Jim Webb and then Bernie Sanders. When I knew Bernie lost that Trump was going to be my man. I won a $20 bet from my mom because my electoral map was more accurate than hers and she thought Clinton would win. I guess I'm good at predicting these types of things. Also daily reminder that Reddit doesn't represent the countries political views so you might get bias results.Lol fuck democracy let's just impeach him for no reason just because majority of the country has different opinions than me.ISTJ. I wish I had a buffer forearms.The nerds who were in the D&amp;D club and the people who were A students."I. AM. THE. LAW!"

- Judge Dredd

[ISTJ](http://travelingclues.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Norman-Rockwell-Thanksgiving-thanksgiving-2927689-375-479.jpg)1. Loyalty.
2. Can hold a conversation.
3. Likes family values.
4. Cheesy type of romantic.
5. Has to be outdoorsy.[ISTJ default face](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/083/714/6f5.jpg)We are going to call you in the office and the citizens of my friends said the deli meat and cheese pizza and beer was going to be there at like 11 30.

ISTJ.True it's probably a subconscious fantasy of the ISTJ mind.ISTJ here. Everyone just thinks your a boring office worker robot drone who doesn't break rules. Kind of makes us feel insignificant tbh. 1 would be ideal.THAT'S LIFEBeautiful, absolutely phenomenal!Holy shit I literally look like this guy.
Why are they struggling? Better not do that myself.The dominant trait in a child is easy to see once they start talking and having their own interests. [Personality Page](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/kids/kid_portraits.html) has profiles for each dominant type. They are divided as follows:

1. Extroverted Sensors (ESPs)
2. Introverted Sensors (ISJs)
3. Extroverted Intuitives (ENPs)
4. Introverted Intuitives (INJs)
5. Extroverted Feelers (EFJs)
6. Introverted Feelers (IFPs)
7. Extroverted Thinkers (ETJs)
8. Introverted Thinkers (ITPs)

Generally, it's going to be hard to type children further than that, primarily because their other functions haven't developed yet.You don't sacrifice others, you sacrifice yourself.The second is closer to my line of thought.

The first position is sacrificing your moral comfort. The second position is murder.

We don't kill an impoverished baby to prevent a criminal being born; we educate the baby. The first is easier than the second, and it always leads to other unforeseen problems.

No shortcuts should be taken.As an ISTJ I can comfortably say that a 3.9 GPA is failing.Anecdotally, any type WHICH DOES NOT PLAN. WHY WHY WOULDN'T YOU PLAN AHEAD?Introverted sensors have the tendency to do something called catastrophisizing. This is not hyperbole - they see any and every possibility of complete disaster coming their way.

As a personal example, when I learned how to read and then understood warning labels I stopped sitting in the front seat of the car until I was thirteen because I was *certain* I would die a terrible death. It's what the label told me to do to survive in the event of an accident.

Introverted sensors as children appreciate structure. To illustrate, dinner at a different time every day will cause them stress. They appreciate parents who plan. These parents don't have to plan every minute of their lives, but having dinner around the same time everyday gives that introverted sensor some peace. They'd also like to know what will be served, preferably before lunch. In an ideal world, the introverted sensor would like to know as much as a week in advance, but the world doesn't revolve around ISXJ's.

To be frank, ISXJs as children are more fragile than other types, because the primary responsibilities of parents are what is most necessary to their happiness. ISXJ *should* be the easiest children to raise because their needs are also the most basic. But what ISXJs need are what cannot be provided or controlled themselves, so they are also at the complete mercy of parental figures - more so than any type. Any stereotypically decent parent should have no problem rearing an ISXJ, but they might find that seemingly independent child needs a lot of unfun parenting to make sense of the world.

Most people who have children want children so their lives are "complete" or because they "enjoy" kids. ISXJs are very serious children, and because they need a dutiful parent more than a cuddly one it can be exhausting for parents.

That said, ISXJ children are basically dream children. They'll do what they are told when they are told to do it, and their parents will find them rewarding because of their humor and generally responsible teenage years.I can handle almost every single stressful situation with grace. Dad has a heart attack? Been mentally preparing for this since I was seven because he smoked. Time to implement ISTJness.

But I can handle almost NO stressful situation if I was taken by surprise. Wake up fifteen minutes later than expected because my phone had a technical failure? The whole world is ending! I'm a failure! Everyone hates me! [But will still be on time to wherever I was going.]I like clean lines and friendly, consistent color schemes. My furniture is modern without aesthetic weight, so nothing in my room is overwhelming to look at. I have a command center  (whiteboard, whiteboard calendar, and bulletin board of goals and schedules). Very little clutter, as I prioritize functionality over sentimentality.

That said, there are touches of personality throughout. I love my real name, and I have been gifted a custom renditions of it in paintings and calligraphy, which I hang up. I display some of my favorite books face out from the bookcase. Strategically placed cute and feminine decorations (woodland animal magnets on my whiteboard, vase of fake hydrangeas on my desk, photos I've taken on some surfaces).

However, I'm mindful not to put more than a few decorations in each location, and when I think of decorations I also think of function. I plan to buy about fifteen figurines of birds to oomph my room a little. It probably won't surprise you to learn I have a decoration plan written up on my computer that I plan to follow, and which I rarely deviate from.It can take years, and unless you are super close to them (think spouse, best friend, or twin) they will always keep something from you.ISTJs can be confused for intuitives, due to the intuitive-sensor bias inherent from type description stereotypes. People often mistake sensors for action heroes, sexual hedonists, mechanics, and physical artists. This covers stereotypical ESTPs, ESFPs, ISTPs, and ISFPs, but doesn't really address SJs.

I assume this is because they are Si or Fi, the first of which is misunderstood and the second of which is so invisible that the idea of the "annoying jock or cheerleader from high school" just doesn't fit. Think about the archetypes of the SJs compared to SPs: the dutiful (ISTJ), the guardian (ESTJ), the nurturer (ISFJ), and the caregiver (ESFJ). These are archetypes very close to the ideals of perfect parents or the girl/boy next girl. While there are negative associations for each of these types, there are also associations that are very positive and close to home, and we ascribe more personality and depths to our own lives.

This extends to the symbolism of these types, and when we see these people in real life outside of the negative stereotypes they are associated with... we'll associate them instead with our preconceived positive notions, and because of the intuitive-sensor bias... we decide to make these people intuitives.

An ISTJ is a great, practical example of this mistyping. ISTJs are hardworkers who get things done, and because of their excellent memories and inferior Ne guiding them to collect trivia they have no problems keeping up with intuitives (which tempts people to type them XNTJ). This is a hilarious mistyping, primarily because plenty NFs accomplish nothing and NTs are so out of this world that if you put an ISTJ in a room full of either of these types the ISTJ would stand out like a sore thumb.

If you actually listen to the way ISTJs communicate they are very concrete and to the point, compared to intuitives who are more impressionistic.

When I took creative writing class it was easy to see who was a sensor and who was an intuitive. Sensors are very to the point and don't like to embellish (think YA writing), while intuitives like to set up little blocks of creative clay and chip away until they have something beautiful (think literary writing). Did you see what I just did there? What was it about that sentence which is different from the rest of my writing? I got poetic.

Sensors are practical. Intuitives are poetic.

You can see this in temperament, which is appropriate considering sensing and intuition isn't intelligence... but a person's predisposition to the natural world. A sensor is going to be very with it, either with their five senses in reaction to the world, or their body as their guide to the world. In general, they are going to prefer facts over metaphors and the bottom line over possibility.

In the traditional creativity exercise given to children and adults the participant is given a paperclip and asked to list all the different ways it can be used. Generally, the more ways a paper clip can be used is seen as creative, but the reality is that sensors and perceivers view the exercise differently and approach it differently, not that one is less creative or more intelligent than the other. Without knowing the purpose of the exercise, the two types are going to do the following:

The sensor will sit and recall ten different ways to use that paper clip, usually from personal experience or from hearing about it elsewhere. They think they are expected to list the most worthwhile uses, and will prune their list to the best uses of a paper clip. It might be only two or three uses.

An intuitive will sit and work through ten different ways to that paper clip, and try to brainstorm as many possible options. They think they are expected to list as many unexpected uses as possible, and their list is likely to bloat to uses that aren't even realistic.

A proper administration of the test would instruct the participants to come up with as many useful applications as possible. In this case, a creative sensor will have a much longer list, and a creative intuitive will have a shorter but more applicable list. They'll just go at it in different ways.

When you are wondering whether or not the person in question is a sensor or intuitive you need to throw away Se and Fe bias, because it's clouding our ideas of what sensors are and ignoring Si-Fi traits. Don't associate intelligence with intuition either, because Si-dominants and auxiliaries have vast memories and educations and that stereotype will blind the typist. Instead, focus on how the person being typed in question approaches the natural world: are they concrete, or impressionistic?I'm Si because I was born that way.

But ISTJ dry humor aside, I'm a sensor because I've always  desired absolute certainty from a young age. I was born into crippling poverty (public housing projects in Appalachia in the midst of a terrifying crack epidemic) to parents who just winged it. While that worked out for them, I've always been anxious about where my next meal is coming from, if my neighbor is going to kill me, and whether or not I'm going to lose everything.

I need a concrete lifestyle to survive, because concrete answers are the solutions to my problems. I can't focus on elaboration when I need foundations.

But concrete answers are also the flourish of my lifestyle too. Unlike a lot of people born into poverty, I had loving parents who stayed together and a safe home to go to. Though we had very little, we always had something, even on Christmas if it meant decorating the tree with happy meal toys. Traditions were kept despite our inability to participate in them fully, and every year as we slowly escaped poverty my life got better and I got to enjoy more of the Americana our culture promised. My life was revised into something better with each season.

I don't want to radically change everything about who I am or where I'm going. I just need to keep steady, and stay aware of what is around me.Everything is very, very serious to an ISTJ.I sat in the front middle seat because studies show students who do get the highest grade. I got the highest grades.ISTJs consider Nike's slogan as their life imperative.ISTJ

* People who pretend to be busy
* Liars
* People who are not on time
* People who act unmannerly
* People who are publicly intoxicated or high
* Those who don't queue
* People who break the rules/laws
* People who are not family who give surprise hugs or acts of physical affection
* People who try to touch me without my permission
* People who lose things
* People who fail to meet their obligations
* **Every member of any group project I've ever had**I think we should phrase this differently:

ISFJs and ISTJs have different feeling types. ISFJs are extroverted feelers, while ISTJs are introverted feelers. Both can be equally and powerfully sensitive. The difference? ISFJs emote... strongly and publicly very frequently. ISTJs emote... strongly and privately very frequently.

An ISFJ is more likely to go to sit next to a stranger in a new class and talk about their fears and why they feel that way. "I'm so scared I'm not going to do well in this class because I'm not very good at this subject. Are you scared? I think I'm going to be sick."

An ISTJ in the same situation is going to sit next to that same stranger and rationalize their fears. "This class is supposed to be difficult. I've heard the Professor is a tough grader. Do you know anything about that? I'm nervous."

Both will rationalize... but the ISTJ more so. Both will discuss their feelings... but the ISFJ more so. The ISTJ is going to reach more towards fact, the ISFJ is going to try and relate emotionally with the person next to them.

Why we get confused between the two is that the ISXJ share two very important functions. Dominant Si and inferior Ne. They are going to pull from their past and   catastrophize many situations. It's how they cope with it that's different.I'm very, very serious, but I'm also approachable. I have a sincere smile and I'm really good at making strangers feel comfortable and getting a laugh.Not quite correct. Fe-types are able to show empathy more visibly than Fi-types. Of those, more dominant Fe-types are better at it, but to be honest even tertiary and inferior Fe-types might show empathy better than an INFP in most situations. Te-Fi types can seem pretty stone cold though.I'm pretty bad at small talk. Somehow, I get complete strangers telling me their life stories in about fifteen seconds. I mean... I can talk about the weather, but I'd much rather get you to accidentally spill about the fact your brother died of skin cancer. More interesting that way.ISTJs: Did you know...Did I say Fi people weren't empathetic? No. I just said Fe is better at visibly showing it. And notice - the empathy you "show" is not hugs and kisses, but advocacy.I didn't say that hugs and kisses are the only way to show empathy. I said it was the most visible. That's WHY Fe users seem more empathetic, not that they are.Si-doms tend to have a mythic view of the world. They layer their previous experiences on top of reality. What others see outwards for Si-doms is the shallows of their reality... not their depths. I will speak as an ISTJ.

First, cast aside all that you assume is true about the Si-dom ISTJ. We are not robots. We are tin men and women in search of our hearts. Yes – I said it, *hearts.* What’s that stereotype about the ISTJ again? That’s right, the duty fulfiller. We do what we are expected to do morally and legally. But *why?*

Imagine the perfect medieval story with the heroic figure and the chivalric cast of characters at court. Now compare it to the medieval world as it was. That's the Si-dom experience. Just like the nobles in the medieval ages aspired to be grand figures and for their world to be equally awe-inspiring, they also had to contend with the horrors that frequently befell them. This is, essentially, a cascade of Si-dom and Ne-inferior experiences.

Now the ISTJ and the ISFJ handle this landscape differently. For the ISTJ, the courtly knight knows they can’t just recite poems with the ladies all day long and joust, because they need to manage their lands and maintain their lives. Society is dependent on continued action (duty). So that knight uses their past experiences, from squiring as a child to fighting in the crusades, which is undoubtedly colored by idealized notions, to function even in situations set a apart from those experiences. The discipline it took to train for battle is the same discipline they’ll use to manage their households. Their inner world is transformed into something practical

Now let’s imagine an Ne-inferior nightmare; the plague. The ISTJ knight has anticipated every terrible scenario possible because they fear losing what is closest to them, so now that sickness is upon their castle and people is dying they have to act if they are to survive. After utilizing their Te to organize their environment and help transform it back into their Si-ideal the ISTJ is going to use their Fi to help guide their decisions in the process.

It’s not enough for the ISTJ knight to survive the plague, they must survive it admirably… just like a courtly knight would. Here is the Si-Fi loop; placing morals back onto their ideals. In the worst situation, when the plague is at the door and the ISTJ has fallen sick too, when they are in the grip of their inferior function… the ISTJ is imagining another similar story we are familiar with…

The plague is a dragon, and it’s burning everything down. It’s not just intuitive who symbolize… it’s at the core of the Si-dom, and in the grip of their inferior function things get… ridiculous. We’ve all talked to an ISTJ who is suddenly acting as if the sky is falling, but you know what? Sometimes the sky is falling, because there is a dragon up there.

The Si-dom is a sensor, but they don’t live in the real world. They live in their world, layered with their perceptions. We just see their extroverted qualities; the organized tin man or woman who acts out with little room for wiggle room. Who sometimes just loses it. And when they lose it… that’s when we see Si-doms for who they are – people who have transformed their observations of the environment into something mythical.I don't think ISTJs let themselves get drunk.If given the option, I would research the most beneficial encounter for the future of humanity. It's like getting three wishes from a genie - don't waste them.I don't dislike NFPs, but god damn it finish your work on time you group project nightmares. You guys have Te, so use it already.ISTJ Mike looks through the case thoroughly, maybe multiple times, and then it clicks. He puts together the facts in the situation and realizes the undeniable, familiar truth that had been staring him in the face all along. Basically... half of all cop stories ever.1. ESTPs and ISTJs equally. Very good at responding to the environment and reacting logically. Not to mention every ISTJ already has a zombie survival scenario written up anyway, which makes up for their lack of Se. ESTPs are effortless in their survival. ISTJs have to work for it.
2. INFPs have no true sensory awareness, and their lack of extroversion, coupled with Ne being their auxiliary is asking for it. Shame - the world will need INFPs to rebuild, and there will be even less of them. But any non-sensory dominant or auxiliary introvert will struggle.
3. ISTPs. They'll have a lot of useful shit, but their inferior-Fe makes it unlikely they will appropriately bond with a survival group. This makes them a target because they'll be an "other" without backup. Great survivors otherwise.
4. ENTJs and ESTJs, but for different reasons. ENTJs will see the most logical path to follow and go towards it, their inferior-Fi causing them to lack morality. ESTJs will do bad things because their auxiliary-Si and inferior-Fi will push them to save those closest to them over outsiders. Fe-doms are runner ups, because they are willing to change morality to fit the situation, but realistically MBTI leaders are going to be responsible for the decision making.
5. ISTJ is the leader everyone deserves, but won't get because ESTJs and ENTJs step up first. ESFJs and ENFJs will likely provide social or spiritual leadership that is sorely lacking in the Thinking leadership styles, but while ISTJ is likely to accept someone with such a role ESTJs might feel crowded out and ENTJs might steamroll.
6. ISFP women are most likely to get pregnant by accident because of their auxiliary-Se causing them to seek experiences coupled with their well-meaning and individualistic Fi. Inferior-Te leads to poor planning and OOPS, she's pregnant. While ISFP men also are likely to get women pregnant, I'd say that ENFP men are the most dangerous to women because they'd shoot a lot of sperm out there but not really be in any position to take care of them, and not even consider the possibility of it being their problem anyway because of inferior-Si. 
7. Guardians will try to secure their loved ones by taking charge. Artisans will use their expertise and creativity to survive. Rationals will seek logical solutions to the problem, and be depersonalized from it. Idealists will try to save the world before saving themselves.
8. Guardians and Artisans are the most likely to survive longterm, though Rationals and Idealists are necessary to rebuild, but will suffer early casualty rates before they are appropriately protected.

* ESTJs go out in a blaze of leadership glory.
* ISTJs die of old age.
* ISFJs die of a communicable disease from their proximity to the sick or undead.
* ESFJs end up in the wrong place at the wrong time.
* ESTPs survive, providing they don't do something reckless, and let's be honest, they will.
* ISTPs will be murdered because they have what other people want and they don't want to share.
* ISFPs will die do to lack of forethought.
* ESFPs will die fighting a zombie.
* ENTPs will die building a weapon that they didn't properly safety check.
* INTPs will piss someone off, and be shot in the face.
* ENTJs will be overthrown. That's as good as dying for them.
* INTJs will survive, but like ISFJs be in close contact with something dangerous and die prematurely, but their general survival average will be high enough to reach old age.
* INFPs are almost certainly going to die in the first few days, but if they make it their death rate will look like a bell curve and drop off significantly for those who remain because they'll mostly be isolated medicine men and women.
* ENFPs will die in some unexpected, yet banal way, like getting stuck in a spiral door and being devoured by a zombie who slips in with you while your friends try to save you.
* INFJs won't see the zombie coming until it's too late.
* ENFJs will get involved with someone they shouldn't have, doesn't need to be romantic, and end up a victim-accomplice.The questions didn't let me address INFJ strengths, which is focused on rebuilding, not surviving (the rub of every zombie survival fantasy talk). However, their situational awareness is much lower, and their lack of sensory planning is potentially dangerous leading the average INFJ dying from a zombie attack. They plan, but their plans are not concrete-for-the-moment plans, but future-oriented intuitive plans. Good for rebuilding... not so good for immediate survival. Possibly why there aren't as many INFJs in the world. Necessary, but not predominately necessary.You'll break us.Perseverance.Pretty much, like the opaque sphere. We're dissociated from what is actually happening. It's probably why we seem so placid and difficult to stir.

It might be important to note that our 5th function IS Se, and the fifth function is supposedly the shadow function a type can call upon without practice in difficult situations... probably because it helps to balance our inferior. For Si-doms, the Se-backup in an inferior-ne freakout helps ground us in the alien world because we have to be open to the new possibilities around us, and we have to see them for what they can be and actually are.I can't make a video right now, but if I made one later, such as in a few days or a week, would you type me peppermint-kiss?Just give them a short definition: "Have you ever taken a personality test? The Myers-Briggs test gives you a type based on your cognitive functions. It's used in businesses and in career settings."People who don't get things done are either lazy or have a mental illness like depression. Perceivers may be more loosey goosey, but if you aren't getting things done when necessary your personality type isn't "go with the flow" or spontaneous, it's lethargy.I like Pinterest. Sort and file with images.Basically, where the player has to go through tasks and it records which functions they used to determine their type.

Edit: For those with poor reading comprehension, this would be a game where a player goes through scenarios which are designed to reveal their cognitive functions, and at the end give them their MBTI type.Reading some type's descriptions they are often colored by gender bias, and I'm wondering how to easily spot each type depending on their gender.I feel that certain types function better in certain settings. For me, as a kid I thrived in Southern California because so much of the social order there is based on a good reputation... which as an ISTJ I feel I have locked in. I could lack everything else that Californians valued, because I still had the one thing they valued most.
It's not a case of me not valuing the abstract aspects. I just get tired when people assume you have to have profound and complex thoughts about every walk of life. I don't have to analyze everything. Sometimes, things are what they are. 

One could say that I always have one eye looking towards the future. I'm always thinking about some project I want to do in the future or some event that's gonna happen. Whenever I start engaging in an activity, I find it difficult to continue engaging it unless I have at least a vague picture of myself in the future where I have accomplished it or the like. I always have a vision of what I want to be. I always set a goal. I subconsciously keep track of everything I can expect or have to deal with in the next two weeks or so. 

I can't really say I have friends currently. I guess two or three I've gotten really close to but for the most part, they're more like acquaintances. I had quite a few close friends in high school, but they're all over the world now. I really hate the mechanism of making friends, at least the way it is in social gatherings. It feels so artificial and wrong. I have a hard time approaching someone without a specific reason as it is. I can't just converse for the sake of conversing. I feel like I'm walking on a ground full of spikes in such situations, with occasional glass walls in the way.  INFP (Yesenin) - 195

 INTP (Balzac) - 190

 ENTP (Don Quixote) - 180


I skipped quite a few questions.The latter, I guess. I have no problem visualizing my future, even if it's a different direction from my life up to that point. I don't fully understand the question. What do you mean by the future being tied to past experience and your level of comfort with it? 

Convergent, I'd say. I actually hate expanding possibilities. I visualize my thought process as these disparate particles coming together to form a mass which makes sense to me. It's one of the reasons I can't really explain it. Inner. I don't really care about the wholeness of the external situation. I would be amused or curious if there's some change in it but it won't affect me personally. I'm more concerned about my own integrity and feelings. I maintain a wall around me at all times and I can get very hostile when someone encroaches on my personal space. Most of the ISTJ stereotypes are bullshit. I feel they're more accurate for ISTPs or even ESTPs at times. I'm not remotely as organized or obsessive about rules. Ironically, the one stereotype I can really relate to is nostalgia, which is often considered to be an erroneous trait associated with Si. I realized this while listening to a podcast where they were discussing what readers like in a mystery novel. One claimed it was the discovery of answers where the reader also takes an active interest in figuring out who the culprit is or whatever. Another suggested that there are also readers who simply like seeing how the events unfold and are more interested in the experience or the ride. I'm absolutely the latter. I never make an effort to decipher the mysteries or clues in whatever movie or book I'm consuming. In fact, I get irritated by discussions where people make up theories or speculate about the events in the story. I was watching Lost a few months ago and I was never concerned about figuring out the mysteries and unexplained events. I was more interested in the dynamics or relationships between the characters and just the general feel of the island. Whenever I encountered a moment in the show which would normally instigate people to start theorizing, I would just interpret it as another element added to the plot that would be relevant to something that happens eventually. I'm more inclined to see how a chain of events leads to a certain conclusion and sort of absorb that. In fact, I like looking at a sequence of events and wondering how a change in one of those events could affect the rest. What if A spared B instead of killing him? How would that alter the course of events? etc. That's the kind of stuff I'm into. I guess I can see how it would be fun to speculate but I've never really been into it. Likewise, whenever I'm discussing sports with friends, quite a few of them are enthusiastic about predicting the results of the competition while I show little interest in that activity. I also think it's kind of pointless to do this kind of speculation. The event you're discussing is certain to happen. I just don't find any entertainment in imagining scenarios about something that is gonna happen in the near future.  
Female, ISTJ:

Where: The woods/a very lush, green landscape.  Perhaps on a mountain, at least a half hour from urban areas, but somewhere that's always a comfortable temperature year round. Fuck snow.

Style: Minimalist/modern

Exterior: Probably 1 level, though a basement or cellar might be useful.  I would want lots of large windows to allow as much natural light in as possible.  I would also want the bedrooms to have those skylight windows on the ceilings.  I also love those Japanese style sliding screen doors (I adore these: http://pacificshojiworks.com/Pacific_Shoji_Works/Shoji_files/32.jpg).  There would be lots of trees and beautiful plants and wildlife all around.  Not super manicured, but just natural forestry.  The back yard would be more tamed though.  I would like a hammock and one of those old fashioned laundry lines, and a vegetable garden.  I would also like those Japanese style wrap around decks around the house.

Interior: All the floors are hard wood.  The colors are very crisp whites/neutral tones with a few brilliant accents (like a bright orange orchid or a violet vase) or they would be earth tones.  I don't like "soft" edges so the designs would be primarily square/rectangles rather than round.  The walls would be relatively empty and clean, and the ceilings would be high, giving the place a very "open" feel.  In the kitchen, I want a chute that I can throw produce scraps down so that it is directly taken to my compost heap in the yard.  I would also like one of those giant sinks you see in some farm houses for washing large amounts of produce, and I would like a large separate freezer and refrigerator.  No microwave, and the counter tops should have as little on them as possible at any given time.  The house would be devoid of most electronics, save my laptop and iPod/iPod dock.  Furniture would be compact and either wood or steel.  I would probably opt for floor cushions and those Japanese bed rolls than a sofa and bed frame/mattress, but if I find something I like, I'm not against traditional sofas and beds.  

Aaaannndd if I wanna make it my absolutely perfect dream home, it would be filled with the sound of my beautiful baby's laughter and the pitter patter of his or her feet running all over the place. :)Haha, I've thought long and hard about this.  I would like to build it into reality one day, perhaps.

The color scheme of the first image is on point, but the style is too rustic/country, and the whole room looks too busy for my comfort.  I dislike the grooved designs in the cabinets and the patterned back splash on the stove.  I also would probably not go with hanging lights, but I love the floor and ceiling style/color.  Really did nail the color scheme though; very relaxing. I, an ISTJ, have had consistent difficulties with ESFJs.  I find them overly emotional, dramatic, and sometimes frivolous.  I believe they tend to view me as cold, blunt, and selfish.  

I probably shouldn't generalize based off one experience, but I met an ENTJ that REALLY rubbed me the wrong way and have since been leery of them.  And based on what I've heard/read/seen in /r/ENTJ and on other online sources, my perspective hasn't been inclined changed much. 

Also, I just have a problem with anyone in a position of leadership who is disorganized and inconsistent.  I don't mind this quality in my friends/peers, but I expect more of my superiors.  Why thanks! 

ETA: It's probably all those years of building the perfect house in Sims 3 that helped. XDISTJ:

1. Shape shifting.
2. Nah.
3. 4-4.5, maybe.
4. 8.
5. 9.
6. Nah. 

My primary purpose would be to use my powers for my own and the benefit of those I care for.  My own moral compass would prevent me from using them for petty things (like getting more money or stuff by dishonest means) but I wouldn't be averse to doing bad things for the "greater good."  So say I think the POTUS candidates sucked, I would totally be up for shape shifting into the right people and maybe mucking around a bit to block them from taking power.  For my own safety, I would be best off keeping this secret, though my moral compass forbids me from keeping secrets from my life partner/spouse.ISTJ, spot on.

Now, I have a question about the ENTP one.  What are the chances of salvaging an ENTP's interest if he's aware you've been hooked and has thus lost interest?ISTJ: Warrior, sometimes rogue but even then I usually end up playing more warrior style.  :P Sneaking is not my forte.I am emotional.  People trust me and feel safe around me and open up their deep secrets and insecurities to me.  I'm nurturing, and sometimes a little bubbly or silly when I feel comfortable.  

But I'm also very reserved in unfamiliar situations with unfamiliar people.  I'm serious and organized.  I try to keep to the background, but my consistent hard work and "will do" attitude makes me stand out in professional  and academic settings.  I thrive in structured environments and work best independently.   

I like people who help me grow.  Whether that means you're funny and silly and adventurous, and therefore drag me along for the ride, or if it means you're an altruistic humanitarian who helps me empathize with people better, or even if  you're some awkward nerdy genius who can push me to expand the limits of my knowledge.  When I am not pushed to grow by an external force, I stagnate in my complacency.  

I dislike weak leaders and the incompetent/willfully ignorant.  If you are in a position of power/leadership over me, I expect you to know what you're doing and to do it well.  If you do not, I will lose all respect for you and rebel in passive aggressive ways.  If you are incompetent or willfully ignorant, I will bash your skull in (not really, but I'll dream about it lol). Well, thank ya! :) Oh shit, I just took this and got Te as my dom function!! o.o wthI am entirely biased, but I am inclined to answer ISTJ.  Growing up, I was always told I should be a detective, and I've always adored detective games.  But I'll admit, I can't really speak as to how well the other types would do.

Why do I think ISTJs are the best for the job?

1. We have several natural qualities that are useful for the job:
  - Organized: Strong quality for keeping track of all the case information.
  - Thorough: We make sure all of our bases are covered.  Every possibility is dreamt up and prepared for.
  - Sometimes a bit obsessive: We can't rest until we have a satisfactory answer.
  - Logical: Everything has a reason.  We can't jump from point A to point D like some other types might, but we can connect point A to B to C, and so on.
  - Calm: We don't get riled up very easily, and in times of crises, we can usually keep a cool head and remain emotionally detached.  Useful in grisly cases that provoke one's personal values and beliefs.  This is probably true of all the other types listed, too, though... 


2. We have a strong sense of justice and fairness.
  - Even though we're typically described as emotionless robots, we have a set of values that we strongly believe in and adhere to.  I think this would give us a strong motivation, or perhaps even a sense of obligatory compulsion, to do the job to the best of our abilities.


3. I'm not sure if this is a native trait to all ISTJs, but on a personal level, I *need* to know "why."  
  - I (ISTJs?) am(are) driven to understand why something happened so it can be changed or manipulated to happen a different, better way next time.  I have this need to understand why things played out the way they did so that I can do better/change things for next time.  
  - On that note, ISTJs are Si doms and we learn from our mistakes.  We constantly seek to improve, so I think an ISTJ detective would have exponential improvement as they advance in their career.  We would be able to really draw on past cases and find patterns to solve present cases.

Buuuuutt I don't have as firm of a grasp on the other types, so I could be wrong. :) 

EDIT: FormattingCurious to see if you type me the same as I've been typed before, sooo....

1. Competence.  If someone knows what they're doing and how to do it well, I respect them.  I also respect a willingness to grow, learn, and to push one's self to be better.  I respect those who have been at rock bottom and have climbed back to the top through hard work and honest means.  

2. Incompetence.  I hate fumbling, bumbling, incoherent people.  I also hate nosiness and the invasion of my personal bubble.  

3. Fair.  My days tend to be kind of monotonous so I struggle to remember what I did more than 2 days ago; it all just blends into a big blur of "this got done, but I can't remember when".  However, I have a good memory for things I've read or written.  I can't quote verbal conversations word for word, and sometimes I'll forget who I was speaking to, but I do remember the concepts and feel of the exchange in detail.  

4. I think a lot about the past.  I go over things, primarily social interactions, in my head again and again and analyze them from every angle.  I also think a lot about the near future; what I have to do, how I need to go about to make sure it gets done.  I think a lot about relationships.  I think a lot about human behavior and what causes it.  I definitely think way too much about all the things that could go wrong.  I think about how to make things better and avoid problems.  I daydream when I'm tired... lol, it's mostly xxx or sappy romantic.  I also like to daydream about being a superhero and kicking butt.  I tend to come back to the same issue again until I'm satisfied with the answer/resolution; loose ends drive me nuts.

5. It's kind of close, but I think maybe I would rather have someone ask me the questions.  I don't like feeling stupid and if I'm the one who doesn't know shit and is asking all the dumb questions, I feel like they must think me a moron.  Also, if I'm the one asking questions, I kind of feel like I can't contribute to the conversation much.  

6. MBTI, fitness and health, nature.

7. It depends on how comfortable I am around them.  A superior?  Unlikely.  A peer or underling, pretty likely.  I word it as a request or as advice.  I try to avoid using language that makes people defensive.  The closer I am, the more sensitive and sympathetic I try to be.  If I'm talking to someone I barely know, I tend to be more direct.  If the issue impacts me personally, I tend to be more stubborn/firm about how it should be addressed.

8. Somewhat interested.  I love thrill rides and I like trying new foods.  I would be down for jumping out of an airplane; I love adrenaline highs.  I am willing to do it in the right situation with the right people.  I lack the initiative to do any of those things on my own, for the most part, but if someone egged me on, I could.  I really don't do them much at all in my day to day life.

9. Again, it depends.  With some groups of close friends, I'm the instigator.  The flirty, goofy idiot who knows no bounds.  In some one on one cases, I'm the sensitive listener who is emotionally grounded and offers comfort to those emotionally distressed.  In other cases, mostly with people I don't know very well, I'm the thoughtful, quiet serious person without a sense of humor.  I can seem very emotional, especially when I'm heartbroken, but I've also been told that I can be very hard to read when I want to keep my emotions hidden.  The only time someone would say I'm irrational is when I'm caught up in a love-struck high.  I speak quietly, but I do sometimes stumble as I speak; I'll start to say one word and then mid thought change the way I was going to phrase something and end up mashing words together.   I finish my thoughts though, and I rarely interrupt.  If interrupted, I am mildly annoyed the first time, and increasingly so as it repeats.  I'm more annoyed when I'm interrupted from doing something rather than talking, though.  Haha, I feel like that every time I try to sit down and watch TV.  I need to be doing something.  Mornings are hard because I seldom sleep enough, but I can usually jump up pretty quick after relaxing.  

10. Ha, had this conversation this morning. Last night, my boyfriend and I had a disagreement over text.  He got upset and shut down by just responding with "okay".  I figured he was upset so I pressed him to find out why.  He told me and we cleared things up.  Today, after thinking about it, I asked him if in the future, instead of just saying "okay" when he's upset, to confront me directly about what's upsetting him.  I told him that I don't want him bottling up bad feelings and that it would be better if we were up front about these things.  I believe that that's how relationships crumble.  He totally missed the point and said that I asked what was wrong and he told me so he didn't see what the big deal was.  My point was that I didn't want to have to go digging around for this information because I had the hunch he was upset; I'm not always going to realize he's upset and I need him to tell me when and why so we can fix the problem.  He just didn't get it. 

11. A few days or weeks.  It's usually a hit or miss for me, but I'll take a few days to weigh out the reasons why before confirming it with myself.  I talk to other people.  I like to get a wide variety of opinions to help me look at things from different perspectives.  It helps me find the middle ground, or at very least helps me figure out what I feel the most conviction for.   I discuss things with people impacted after I've resolved a plan of action for how to approach it.  Then I react to their reaction.  I've been known to change my mind, yes, but not super often.  If I felt strongly about the decision, I won't change my mind.  Changes are hard for me to adapt to, and I think they tend to be more of a result of external factors.  They happen maybe once or twice a year?  My life is pretty consistent most of the time.  

12. 22/F/USA
EDIT: Finished the postAll done :) Jessie J, no.  Not sure how to qualify it, but she seemed kind of... unsure of herself?  Maybe kind of ditzy?  I don't fancy myself that way.  
Katy Perry, neeehhh... not so much.  I *can* see myself acting similarly when I'm on an adrenaline high, but for the most part, my energy level is more subdued.  And I'm definitely not as talkative, haha.  I do like to use my hands to gesticulate when I talk, though.
P!nk, yeah, I can see it.  When I answer a question or when I'm thinking, I do that thing where I look off into the distance.
Nicki Minaj, no. Haha, no, I definitely don't talk with that much attitude/emphasis.  Even when I'm angry, I seldom raise my voice that high.

Is ESFP your final answer? :3Ahhh, this is so highly amusing to me.  It's fascinating to see what I come off as, haha.  

Mm... I wouldn't say I have insecurities about my intelligence so much as I recognize my limits.  If I know something, I *know* it and I can give you the information confidently.  If I don't know something, I *know* I can't bullshit my way through it.  I don't like being caught with my pants down like that.   But I would agree, how people perceive me is somewhat important to me, if I have a reason to value their opinion of me (e.g. a boss, a friend, a lover, a judge/jury, etc.... some random stranger on the street or some dude I'll never see again, not so much).  I think I developed something as a rep for being a smart person so I feel pressured to meet that expectation and feel like crap when I don't have all the answers.  I think that's a pretty succinct way of summarizing how I approach most things in life: you set the expectation and I'll meet it 100% to my ability, but if I set the bar, I'll strive for mediocrity. 

I don't have time at this moment to watch those clips, but I shall certainly do so this evening.  If you're so inclined for hints, you're welcome to take a look at these test results I took a few weeks ago:

Talent Today personality test: https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13620871_665053626992542_839747686109862150_n.jpg?oh=c33763fae8463f40d23709dc8d4536f1&amp;oe=583D1008 

Function test (NOTE: My personality type dominant function was actually NOT my highest function, according to this): https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13880381_679509495546955_5667747021459114940_n.jpg?oh=3dbb08ac61cd40297c26b3f32ef7f2b5&amp;oe=5857BACC 

Infer what you will.  I'll get back to you with the demeanor tests when I have some more time to watch video clips. :) 

And I'll just leave this here in case you give up....
[What I type myself as.](/s "I've actually always tested out as an ISTJ!  Well, except for one test a redditor custom developed; I got ISFJ that time.  Haha, to be fair though, my Enneagram is the least common for ISTJs, I'm an E 2w1.  Aaaannd if you give astrology any mind, I'm also a Leo.  :) But my mom and sis are ESFJ and my dad is ESFP, so that might be why I'm a little different from other ISTJs.")Haha, I mean, it's possible I've been mistyped, but I consistently type as ISTJ so that's what I go with.  

Also, I've heard that Ne can manifest in ISTJs that way and make us seem kind of silly when we let our guards down.  I've always been a good listener, but the sensitivity is more of a learned thing, I suppose.  I had a rep as a blunt asshole in my teen years, haha. 

It's interesting you say you see a lot of Se... I haven't been told that one before, actually.  

This was fun, and thanks! :) -What do you consider yourself in a religious sense: Loosely Protestant Christian

-Are you Gnostic or Agnostic: Gnostic

-What are the reasons for you being (Christian): God has been an active presence in my life.  I don't believe in dumb luck.  I wouldn't be where I am or as successful as I am without His guidance, even when I didn't want it.

-Is religion important to you: Religion, not so much, spirituality, yes.

-Have you ever changed your belief in your life: Yup.  Also was Atheist in my mid teens. 

-Have you ever argued for your religion or against: Yup. 

-If you do argue what arguments to you tend to stick too: In my Atheist years, I argued religion was violent and hateful and that we were better off without it.  Now I argue that Christianity is about love.

-How do you feel about religion: Religion is messy.  It leads to unnecessary conflicts and violence.  Spirituality is the critical part, because it's not what you do or how you act; it's what you believe and how you feel in the depths of your heart.

Edit: spacingOkay, in the sense of one instance, yeah, it's hard to say it's anything other than dumb luck or coincidence.  But what about when it happens again and again?  I would think that theoretically if it was random chance, most things would have a roughly 50-50 outcome of good and bad.  In my life, and in the lives of those close to me, I've seen things work out where everything *just barely* falls into place in almost a cascading chain of events that aren't necessarily related or dependent upon each other.  It's hard for me to look at that and not think there's a greater intelligence behind that.  It's hard to quantify in words.  My parents are both very spiritual people, and their religion is pretty important to them.  Admittedly, I never understood it until I had my own experience with it, even though I grew up hearing all these stories about how God touched their lives.  I mean, I could give you my life story as to why I hold conviction in my beliefs, but I imagine my experiences wouldn't mean very much to you unless you were to experience them firsthand.  

He talks to some people.  He doesn't talk to me in a very clear way, like a voice I can hear with a decipherable message, but he does speak to me in more subtle ways, I believe.  The best I can describe it is if you were living alone in a house with a ghost who sometimes moves your things.  Rationally, you would think, "Oh, I must have left my keys on the counter instead of on the coffee table, like I thought," and you brush it off, but you always have that nagging feeling that you were *certain* you left them on the coffee table and someone or something else must have moved them.  I dunno how much that makes sense, haha, but what I'm getting at is that it's really subtle life occurrences that some would just chalk up to a series of coincidences.  The closest I've been to actually "hearing" His voice was during the lowest/second lowest point in my life when I went to this gym I used to frequent, and like usual, I went to the locker room to change.  When I closed the door to the stall, I saw one of those silly little "Jesus loves you" pamphlets was stuck on the door.  Just for shits and giggles, I picked it up, but it really spoke to me in a personal way and was uncannily relevant to what I was going through at the time, and honestly, it was exactly what I needed to hear to start the healing I needed at the time.

Yeah.  I consider religion the "rules and regulations" and spirituality the "heart and driving force." 

D: That's the same thing that creepy old man in the big white van told me!! Haha ;P 

What can I say?  Parenthood makes guys mellow out.  I kid.  In all seriousness, yeah, that's why I make the distinction between religion and spirituality.  I believe the Bible has some truths in it, but it's also been translated and edited and written ultimately by man and should be taken with a grain of salt.  For the longest time, I thought I was going to hell because I didn't follow the Bible to a T, and that's part of what made me hate religion, I guess.  But now I guess I look at it more as like a rough guideline.  Like, if I was writing a study guide for the Bible, it would look something like this: 

* Love

*** Love the Lord with all your heart

*** God loves you more than you can even comprehend

***** He made this WHOLE FUCKING UNIVERSE *JUST* FOR YOU so show your appreciation and love for the Lord by respecting and caring for it and the people in it

*** God is always there for you.  Any time.  Anywhere.  When ever you need Him.  You can always count on him, and he will never put you through anything you can't handle and won't grow from.  

*** Show kindness and love to those around you, for they are God's children also

* Forgiveness

*** The Lord has a preference for how you should conduct yourself, but He understands that you're not perfect and will always forgive you if you sincerely ask and resolve to do better.

*** It is not your place to judge others.  Only God knows their lives, their hearts, and their minds.  Only He understands their situation and therefore only He is fit to judge.

* Faith

*** God wants you to be the best you can be.  He will guide you to achieve your best potential, you just have to trust Him to know what He's doing.


Soooooorrrryy if that got a little preachy/more than you cared to know, but that's what I believe in a nutshell. 

Why do you believe in the depths of your heart that gays should be killed?  Was it something you learned culturally?  Some belief you were just born with innately?  Mindlessly following a religious dogma is not the same as spirituality.  If the only justification you have for wanting gays to be killed is because the Bible says a man should not lie with another man the same way he lies with a woman, then I'm inclined to think your level of involvement in the spiritual aspect of the religion is low.

Edit: Have I mentioned I hate reddit's formatting? -.-
Edit2: clarificationCan confirm.I would agree with this.  I'm also very black and white/all or nothing.  I'm more of a lurker than a poster, tbh.  I comment when I feel I can contribute something unique or when something is particularly interesting, but for the most part I just take the information into enhance my personal understanding.I've known one confirmed ENTJ (M) and he was a pretty stereotypical -cough- douchebag -cough- ENTJ but he had a hidden sensitivity/insecure side too.  I only caught glimpses of it before I cut him out of my life, but I wouldn't be shocked if it's not uncommon for ENTJs to have a hidden overly sensitive side that comes out only in personal relationships.Si/Te

I like feeling stronger.  I've gotta lose body fat.  It helps center me emotionally.  Sometimes I get a giddy high off a good workout. Nah, I just meant douchebag as a synonym for asshole/jerk/poopie head/etc. I use asshole/jerk/poopie head too often and too affectionately in my day to day language to call him that though. Do it. Dooooo eeeet. HahahaThis sounds like exactly what I'm feeling.  Goodness, thank you for that link.  That sounds like exactly what I've been going through.There isn't a specific problem, and that's the problem.  In the last 6 months, I went from being in a situation where I was living alone on one side of the country working a job I hated and being miserable and lonely and depressed, to moving back home with my parents where I'm living rent free while I take a few online courses to reboot my career and having a wonderful, supportive, attentive boyfriend.  I'm happier, for sure, but I still spend so much energy on negative emotions that don't have a good justification.  My boyfriend wasn't 100% attentive one time? He's getting tired of me being so emotionally dependent and I should just shut up and keep my feelings to myself.  My parents asked me to cut the grass?  They think I'm a bum mooching off of them and want me to get a job.  I know rationally that's not the case, but my emotional reaction remains as if it was.  Things that should only be no big deal become a huge thing that keeps me in bed crying for hours on my worst days and takes all my energy to keep calm on the better days.  It gets to the point where I just *don't know how* to handle my emotions.  I don't want to just "distract" myself from what I'm feeling because the moment I'm not distracted, the feelings come back.  I need to understand why I'm reacting the way I do and to figure out how to change my perspective to really resolve the issue. 

Based on the link posted in one of the other comments, I think I'm in a Si-Fi loop.


Edit: sorry for the double commentThank you for linking These!  I think I'll have to read them over a few times to really let them sink in fully, but I appreciate it for sure. 

Edit: sorry for the double commentNo, not yet, and probably not till late this year.  This is actually a discussion/tantrum I've had with my boyfriend, who is acting as my career mentor right now.  I personally am in favor of getting a job, but he brought up several points that have convinced me this course of action is probably the best.  

But I'm not sure that I can say it's the only factor that's got me so emotionally volatile.  Another frequent source of irrational emotion that bubbles up in me is one of my boyfriend's friendships.  Long story short, he had a history with her prior to our relationship and I was jealous and insecure at one point, but now I'm not.  I am confident of his loyalty to me and trust he would never deliberately act in a way that would hurt me so I should feel indifferent about this friendship.  I don't.  I just feel murderous rage every time I am reminded of her.  I don't think that's normal, nor do I think it's related to my personal life situation.  

But maybe it is related... sorry, I'm thinking out loud here, but your comment got me to wondering if maybe the reason I do hate her so much is because she represents everything lowly and that I don't want to be, but I see an overlap in some of our traits.  Hmm... thank you for your feedback, you've given me quite a bit to chew on here.  :) And also, I do appreciate the words of support.Thank you for those links.  My therapist back East had indicated that I was probably depressed, and taking those quizzes I did score mild to moderate depression.  The evolutionary psychiatry one has caught my interest.  I'll look into it for sure, but I'm still inclined to think my depression comes from an imbalance in my function stack.  I say that because there was an episode in my life about two years ago where I was in a position between choosing to do what made sense as right and what I felt and believed to be right, and I was pretty torn up over it for a while, but ultimately I spent a year doing what "felt" right and got burned badly on that one.  I'm no MBTI expert, but as far as I can tell, it resonates with the Te being bypassed in favor of Fi to justify a behavior one does not wish to change.  And if that's indeed the case, then the best thing I can do to get out of this is to develop my Te.  Thank you for your time and feedback!Jermofo's comment seems pretty solid to me.  I hate to be so vague, but I do agree that a backup plan is the best way to go.  For me, going into uncertain situations, I always, always try to have a backup plan.  If nothing else, it helps me not catastrophize so much about the scary new situation.  I wish I had more to add, but that's all I can really think of. :/ Best of luck!If a backup plan isn't available, for me personally, at that point it becomes go big or go home.  Either my faith in this person is so strong I'm willing to gamble everything in our best interest and take a leap of faith into a situation I could be badly burned on, or I walk away shaking my head.  Based on what the original comment said about Fi being very loyal to the point of being able to withstand detrimental relationships/situations, I tentatively wanna say that stands true for other ISTJs.  Sooo... I realize this doesn't help much at all, but I think if no adequate backup plan is available, then it's up to how much your partner trusts you and has faith in your relationship's ability to make her happy.  

If she does decide to take a gamble in your favor at her risk, then from that point I would advise you to be as reassuring and patient and helpful with the adjustment.  ISTJs can find big changes difficult, so helping her rebuild familiar structures of her old life on her own. (like I dunno, maybe arranging the furniture in a similar layout or eating dinner at the same time she used to, I'm not really experienced in live-together type of advice--sorry D:) Beyond that, I'm really not sure how else I can advise, but I hope this helps.  Oh, sorry, by that last part.  I think I misunderstood the original intent of your question.  I was speaking in terms of the understanding that your desired outcome is the one most favorable to you and least favorable to her.  I have a general sense that either decision will be difficult for both of you and that moving in together weighs against you, but I have no sense for what your preferred outcome here is, though I was under the impression you were mostly concerned with reassuring her.  

If on the flip side of the coin where your concern is how to mitigate your own risks (as opposed to how to comfort her with hers) I definitely agree that you shouldn't forget about your own burdens or concerns.  In the event of that, I would gently remind your girlfriend the risks you are taking (without coming off as pedantic) and ask her to try to reach a compromise/help you feel comfortable in the similar ways I described in her situation.  I imagine such an appeal would work if approached in an "equal effort" sort of aspect--since ISTJs do tend to view relationships as an equal effort partnership.  And for us to have constant meaningless interruptions to our mission that slows whatever progress we do manage to make--oh wait... now we're starting to sound like my former job working under that one manager......... 1. I am 22, female, American. 


2. I was going to disable my flair and warn you about my post history being a give-away, figuring you didn't want any preconception biases or anything like that, but then I saw this question.... heh.  I'm fairly confident I'm an ISTJ.  Mostly because I've consistently tested as such throughout the years and various online tests.  As I've become more familiar with the MBTI functions, I definitely see Si a lot in my behavior.  For a while, I was torn between ISTJ and ISFJ, but more recently I've decided I identify with Fi over Fe.  


3. This was a tough question because a 100% accurate MBTI type wouldn't really mean anything different to me, assuming the question is suggesting that I am without a doubt ISTJ.  I already know that MBTI is a bunch of theory and should be taken with a grain of salt, but that there are common patterns that emerge and can be applied to situations to navigate them better.   That's how I do currently use it, but I also keep in mind that patterns do not necessarily mean hard rules, and even if I was to get a 100% accurate typing, I would have to keep that level of variance in mind anyway.  So... I'm not really sure how to answer this question.  It's helpful for interpersonal relationships and breaking out of negative personal habits? 


4. Um... ew.  What an unappealing thought.  Okay, well.... I have no idea.  Flip the world the bird?  Stare blankly at the camera?  Crack a corny joke?  If it was optional, I'd much rather not.  I don't have an agenda to push on people, therefore I would have nothing to say to such a broad audience.  And since the audience is so broad, it's not like I could just say general bullshit without making a complete fool of myself somewhere or somehow... yeah.  No.  Pass, thanks.  Too many landmines. 


5. Not... really?  Or... not in so far as I've cared to observe?  Okay, no, that's a lie.  I'm a very *passionate* person deep down.  But only about very few things.  My career?  Just something I do, I take no satisfaction in it.  My talents?  Again, something I am capable of, but not how I define myself.  I'm a mildly successful person (I say mildly because my life situation is currently in a weird adjustment stage) on what I would argue is a superficial level.  I excel in anything I apply myself in, but the things I apply myself in are things that I'm told I should do and care about because it's the mark of a successful person.  I give no damns how much money I'm worth or what my career is so long as I'm warm, decently fed, and have a loving partner.  But my love is my passion--which is weird for an ISTJ to say, I know.  My "holy grail" is marriage and the family structure.  I'm a big believer in marriage--and I feel like most people in my life are very cynical about it and fancy me a hopeless dreamer.  I'm fiercely loyal to my beloved in ways my friends and family sometimes think I'm putting in too much.  I'm also a bit possessive and prone to jealousy.  I'm neither saying I'm wrongly misunderstood or rightly judged as unhealthy, but that's how I feel most misunderstood.  I don't gauge myself by what I accomplished, but rather by how hard I loved and was loved.  


6. I moved around a lot as a kid.  Kind of fucked up my social skills for a while.  I'm much better socially now, but I still have a very expendable view on people.  I'm not really "attached" to the vast majority of my friends--easy come, easy go.  I also have a very negative view on people, I think.  I assume most people suck and are lousy unreliable, lying, selfish assholes.  I dunno how accurate that actually is, but it's my go-to.



7.  I'm fairly confident I'm an Eneagram 2w1.  I'm a very angry person, though most people underestimate the levels of rage I keep pent up most of the time.  I'm a little bit of an adrenaline junkie... or maybe just a dumbass--I like doing stupid things for shock value/to prove my macho-ness (like swallowing a gob of wasabi in one go, or tickling some random sleeping dude at Otakon on a dare).  But I don't take real risks.  Kinda just stuff for shits and giggles, but anything where I do stand to actually risk something personally I back down from.  I dunno... I really like your post and appreciate the percentage breakdowns.  I'm quite interested in your methodology and would actually really love the chance to talk to you about how you determined all this, if you're so inclined.


Welp, cheers.  Thanks for your time. Hmmm... interesting.  I appreciate you taking the time to go into it, and I do see several similarities, but I'm going to politely disagree on the following grounds:


A) Fi has not been a function I have learned to use until I hit about 20.  As a child, I was very emotionally suppressed to the point where people were unable to read my emotions until I was no longer in control of them.  I considered displays of emotion as weakness, and believed any decision based in emotion rather than reasoning was stupid.  That doesn't quite sound like normal Fi-dom development to me.


B) I am a *very* organized individual, and I think that's my most defining lifestyle characteristic. I always score 10/10 on organization on work-place skill evaluations. 


C) I don't forget many things either.  In my youth, people were always getting creeped out by the minute details I would remember about our conversations or information they'd forgotten they'd told me.   


D) Ha.  Altruism.  I'm the most goddamn selfish person I know.  


E) I've considered myself an "optimist who struggles with negative thoughts" at some points in my life.  Lately, even that's been a stretch.  I'm always catastrophizing--something that's apparently more symptomatic of an inferior Ne, from what I've researched.  I would say I've never been idealistic. 


I do however relate to a few of the descriptors.  I'm definitely way too sensitive (though ISTJs are also surprisingly sensitive, so that's not an exclusive similarity).  I don't consider myself artsy or creative, but some people describe me that way.  For me personally, it's more of just something I do because I can rather than anything that actually interests me enough to be defining of my personality.  I am definitely a minimalist, and I do introspect a lot.  The "search for truth" thing rings familiar.  I do work in comp sci (but so do many ISTJs, so again, not exclusive).  Overall, I think it's a pretty neat comparison, but I'm still inclined to think I'm an ISTJ.  I think you picked up on a strong Fi because I am fairly confident I'm in a Si-Fi loop at this point in my life.  I know you said you're not interested in a dialog, but I am rather curious what things brought you to the conclusion you had.Thanks for posting this as follow up to the typing thread!  I really enjoyed reading your process.I agree with OP and I don't really think that question was adequately geared towards that to get that kind of information.  Many people who are depressed or otherwise unhealthy do not consider it part of their "identity" and therefore wouldn't think to describe it.  The questionnaire is intended to give you a sense of the person's function stack identity.  If Joe-Schmoe is depressed but knows it is a phase in his life and anticipates he'll "be himself" again someday, he's less inclined to describe that as an experience that defines his personality because from his perspective, it's not relevant to his true self.  I think to many that question reads more as "things that have influenced the development of your identity" rather than "things that have influenced you as who you are today at this point in time."  I do agree that you might be able to gain more insight to typing people if you reworded the question or added a question inquiring about the individual's mental/emotional state.I consistently type as ISTJ on any and every online test.  Despite that, there's been some question about whether or not that's correct, since I am a rather warm and goofy person, contrary to the stuffy ISTJ stereotype.  I've looked into it further and I can relate a good deal to ISFJs, but Te-Fi resonates with me better than Fe-Ti, so I'm fairly confident I'm an ISTJ.

Now my point to all that is that I think I'm falling back on my tertiary Fi too much and it's causing me a good deal of distress.  The last few months, I've gone through some major life changes that should have alleviated a good deal of the emotional distress I was feeling.  It has, but I still find myself struggling with my emotions.  I get caught up in negativity.  Following the advice of my friends, I try to distract myself, but that method feels something like treading water.  I can keep trying to keep myself afloat, but the moment I let up, I start sinking again.  I need a more direct solution.  I have not found therapy to be very helpful in my lifetime, and I feel this is something I need to do for myself so that I can find peace with myself again.

So, Internet, here I am, hoping that someone, somewhere, has at some point gone through something like this and can give me some advice on where to go from here.  Thanks for your time and your thoughts.I was curious about the divide in pop culture between Fe and Fi, and whether one or the other is more strongly represented as good or evil.  Any thoughts and/or examples?
Well, I enjoy my hobbies (largely experiencing and learning about various art forms, and occasionally trying my hand at creating) and [doing my part to help with the release of public-domain books](http://pgdp.net/c) more than lying in bed, and they tend to make me happy at the end of the day. 

Also, if I didn't go to work I couldn't sustain my hobbies and I soon wouldn't have a roof over my head, let alone a bed to climb out of.Did I miss something?

edit: Possibly a more pertinent question - are you okay?&gt; Can mankind truly be granted peace if its foundation is the torturing and death of a helpless innocent?

What you don't know can't hurt you. We're not concerned with the peace and happiness of the presumably not-omnipotent-enough being weaving the fabric of reality. (That said, I don't know how I'd answer.)&gt;The only reason we allow abortion, is because it makes someone happy

Have you ever heard what it feels like to have an abortion in the words of someone who's actually had one?

(I agree that its a stupid question).Yeah, same. And it's pretty handy if you want to view an endless stream of art and/or photography without putting in even the minimal effort you'd need to use on Flickr or Pinterest.Yes, the opinion I'd like to share that "the only reason we allow abortion is that it makes somebody happy" is beyond over-simplistic. I'd hoped that anybody close to somebody who has had an abortion would take a view of of it that has even a single degree of nuance, but obviously that was a mistake.Yeah, what I meant was that if we're that omnipotent being we're excluded from "mankind"; one of the premises of the scenario is that mankind *will* be granted that peace so long as we take the necessary step of torturing and killing a helpless innocent, so as long as we don't tell mankind about it I don't see why the foundations of that peace make it any less true, given the (completely ridiculous) premise of the question.I have an internal duologue rather than a monologue (actually I normally just call it a dialogue, but with people mentioning 3-8 headvoices I figured I should specify the duo- bit). The two parts aren't different personae, or even different "sides of me"; if the two argue it's because I myself am conflicted, not because I'm selecting from alternatives presented by a second and third persona. It's just that the structure to my thinking - consistently in all situations - is a conversation, not a single stream of consciousness.

Or to put it simply, I don't have an internal monologue; I talk to myself.ISTJ, (p)6w5, Slytherin.What would you say makes alcohol and tobacco Si? If Si=memory and nostalgia to you, how does alcohol - which can cause blackouts in high doses - tie into that?

Unless it's that we're too normal for illegal drugs and you feel caffeine doesn't fit, in which case, fair.&gt;There's definitely not a ton of evidence, but look up Dario Nardi's neuroscience of personality. Also research where the cerebral cortex and how each region of the cerebral cortex's strength contributes to personality

My cursory reading about regions of the cerebral cortex doesn't mention MBTI. I have doubts about the validity of MBTI, but that doesn't mean that I have doubts that *personalities exist* or that they originate in the brain. 

My cursory reading of Nardi indicates that his assumptions include: that a cognitive function theory is accurate; and that it can be definitively determined which single cognitive function a given individual prefers above all others. He builds his tests around the latter assumption, especially, and then uses this to further describe each function. (I could be wrong about this, but I'm not going to buy his book for the sake of a single post on Reddit.) I see a lot of evidence for confirmation bias here, but little else. I don't doubt that it adds to the body of knowledge if you *already assume that (Nardi's preferred take on) MBTI is accurate*, I don't think it will convince someone who has doubts.

.

&gt;Biggest problem for a feeling type to accept personality theory:
&gt;&gt;Statement: "I don't really like putting people in a box. I think people are unique"

&gt;&gt;Response: "Oh yeah, I'm definitely not putting anyone in a box. They should already be in said boxes, so I'm just observing the box around them, not putting them in it."


So essentially, 
&gt;&gt;Statement: I don't think people fit in boxes.

&gt;&gt;Response: Well, actually, they do.

Can you see why that isn't convincing either?Plenty of dichotomists acknowledge the positives and negatives of both thinking and feeling, though.It has its advantages, but the catastrophisation and the unwanted brainstorms just as I lay down to sleep make up for them.This is the first time I've seen one of these acknowledge that ISTJs and ESTJs are physiologically capable of relaxing, and all I can think is "caffeine would be more accurate for me".
A) I am more likely to form parasocial relationships through fictional media than non-fictional. Though I do form them, I am least likely to have PSRs involving actual people because I feel like there is always something not being shared. I am always cautious about some new detail being revealed that completely disgusts me and “breaks the mystique” about the person. Because of this anxiety, my PSRs with real people tend to be weak.

I cultivate very strong PSRs with fictional characters including tv shows, video games, and probably every character I have ever made for my own stories. These characters always have traits that I aspire to have (dominant females or androgynous characters [SHODAN from SS]) or idolize (emotive/compassionate males [my paragon Shepard in my Mass Effect run], angst-ridden characters of any gender [Zuko from AtLA], and characters with less interesting traits like social awkwardness or nerdiness that I share [Peridot from SU]). I believe the root of my PSRs is giving me the ability to relate to someone very intimately to the point of self-insert fantasies or romantic fantasies. I either want to be them, be with them, or more rarely, feel that I am very similar to them. As a writer, I analyze characters in-depth and the more I understand a character, the more likely I will develop a PSR with them. This level of understanding is usually not possible for me with real people.

One last thing to mention for this answer is that as a young kid, I did not have any role models and was conscious of this fact – almost proud about it. It was only until I was 11 when I would get my first role model (but at the time I didn't see it that way). However, I would argue that she was a “character” though she was a reality tv contestant. As in, in real life, this person does not act as portrayed on tv. Still, her display of social tactics, intelligence, and passion were admirable to me. Second place winner of Big Brother 3, a fellow woman of color who nearly took the pot. This might have been the groundwork for PSRs where I aspire for traits the character possesses.

B) I hold canon and the original author's intent in high regards. I am very critical of how my favorite characters are portrayed in fandom and am apt to argue why and why not. I am also often brutally honest about some of my fictional crushes where in most cases, my crushes would kill me if I stood in the way of their goals.
That being said, I do indulge in headcanons and twist bits of canon to suit my needs. I have been a fan and collector of fanart for at least a decade now and still have fanart of some of my earliest fandoms (RvB, AtLa).
My strongest PSR has a bizarre backstory. It started as an alternate reality fanfiction between me and my best friend where we married a pair of wrestlers from the WWE. We would write little snippets of what was “currently going on in that reality” every day and it went on strong for about 6 years. The fanfiction somehow evolved into a grand sci-fi fiction spanning 6 generations, which I have still both written and transcribed to digital copies. I lived through these characters lives during my angsty teenage phase when I felt unable to relate to anyone (even the friend that helped co-author this work). And even now, three characters are still recurring in other stories I've written. The dominant female I aspire to be. The emotive/compassionate male destined to change the world. And an angst-ridden character who is... me from another reality. I still use these characters to explore my own thoughts and feelings about things. I often imagine scenarios from my stories or just fantasies of  characters I have PSRs with pretty much daily.  

C) My weak (if not, nonexistent) social life, I think, is what causes me to cultivate a strong parasocial life. As a kid in grade school I was shy, had very few friends, and felt I was an outsider. At the start of puberty I actually began to follow certain guys around (aka stalk them) when I liked them. I would learn their favorite things, typical dress wear, hobbies, etc. Hell, often these were boys that I would actually sit next to and interact with in class, but I never learned how to let someone know I liked them and never really learned a more productive way to deal with feelings of affection.
Looking back, I remember a few confusing emotions surrounding why I would do this. I remember feeling like I'd never have a chance with them, but also had the mindset that I would be so good for them. That they were the one's missing out. I tend to hype up my own importance whenever I feel inferior, which explains a lot of things. I also remember never planning on ever letting the person know so it might have been a power thing. I never wanted to hurt them or anything, but knowing things about a person probably made me feel in control about my confusing feelings about the person.

I don't really interact with people very well in real life because of social anxiety. When I have conversations with people, I am looking for the quickest way out of the convo asap and so I'm never really listening or talking in a way to exchange information about myself or learn about the other person. I was quite sheltered as a child as well, so I've never really dated, joined social groups, or really learned any social graces other than being polite, which leaves me quite isolated. 

I tend not to discuss my PSRs with anyone offline. There's always this moment of embarrassment when I begin talking about how much I like a character and the slow realization that I'm letting on too much how intimately acquainted I've become with the character. It borders on being perceived as a kink in some scenarios, which often carries a lot more assumptions than I'm willing to take on. Yes, sometimes my PSRs do go into sexual territories, but often I'm just trying to make conversation with someone I'm not that familiar with when I bring the character up. Talking about some of these characters can tip them off that I'm bisexual, liberal, or have some weird thing for sentient electronics, and in most cases, they don't need to know all that.
Online I'm able to often talk at length about these characters where the obsessive implications are assumed but not important or are wholly embraced.

D) My PSRs carry an ounce of shame to them, so I don't use them to foster relationships with people offline.
What I have noticed however is that the glorified characters in my PSRs do sometimes dictate my expectations of people and my relationships to them. My last boyfriend disappointed me in not being as available to tend to my emotional needs as I wanted. I realized during the relationship that he was competing with the character I had created in that 6+ year old fanfiction who was basically crafted as my perfect husband. A character, mind you, who was only relevant in the first season of the story and whose scenes fail the male version of the Bechdel test. Not to say this character doesn't have good qualities, but the character is basically a gary-stu to fix all the emotional problems of alternate reality me.
As for online, I'm able to have a public outlet to talk about these things without too much ridicule. But even then I still don't really reach out to others like me.

E) It almost feels like my lack of social life as well as my feelings of being unable to cultivate a social life are what proportionally affect the strength of my PSRs and how frequently I look for more. I suppose they are just more rewarding for me.

F) I am an ISTJTexting is fine, but I think debates/arguments should not ever occur there. It takes too long! For me, you can guarantee that if you text me, you'll get a short response or get no response until I get on the computer. Its in part due to the fact that by the time I got a phone, let alone a smart phone, I was in my late teens and didn't get the hang of texting. It takes longer for me to type on the phone than on the computer. I don't use a lot of chatspeak either unless I'm using it for affect. So when I text all the words are spelled out correctly to make sure I am as pretentious as I really am. Also, don't ever call me. I will never answer.
I'm an ISTJ and probably would assume other ISTJs are fine with texting, but would prefer more important information exchanged in more formal mediums. Stereotypically, we're concerned with everything being in its right place.It could be your introspective functions working off each other: Si and Fi. Your sensitivity to sensory information (especially memories) during reflection and your internal morality provides meanings to this information.   
In a similar situation, me and my father have been looking for a new house lately and sometimes we come across a foreclosed home. Sometimes there's still objects inside like a teddy bear or marks where a dresser used to be. All I can think of is them being evicted and I get pretty sad about it too.
That all being said, other types may have these same feelings too, but different functions are at play for them if they are a different type. My best friend (more or less) since kindergarten is an ENFP. We've been through a lot and were practically almost sisters until we grew apart around middle school (arguable our most tumultuous time). At this point in time, we've grown too different politically (shes a libertarian and I'm a staunch Sanders liberal) and I'm wondering how much time I should put in our long time friendship.
What's always been the biggest problem in our relationship is the strength of her and the passion of her emotions with my weakness and numbed/defensive emotions. She always comes off too strong. When she is proud about an accomplishment, I can't help but see it as bragging and I get envious. When she shares her opinion, to me it implies than anyone else who thinks opposite (which I often do) is inferior. The last time I tried to talk about my differing opinion was when I was questioning religion (eventually becoming and atheist) and her appalled I would even question. That was back in middle school and we're both 25 now.
That all being said, if I was strong enough to actually discuss my opinions with her, I feel that she might be more accepting of them than I would be of hers. But the effort and the courage needed to do this is something I like. If you haven't noticed, I also a phobic type 6 on the enneagram. 
MBTI says a lot of growth can be had when opposites attract, but I think it takes two already healthy people.That yes we are robots but someone put a squishy organic heart in us and Fi doesn't let us sleep at night.I write very introspectively, exploring characters emotions, opinions, and the reasons why they act a certain way. It's very past and present focused and my goal is often to get the reader to understand the character fully. Occaisionally Ne wakes up and I can get out a pretty thought provoking sentence out that adds some flavor, but my writing is usually pretty blunt and have things make sense from what I wrote previously. Very rarely do I devolve into purple prose. And when I do, sometimes I even get lost on wth picture I was originally trying to paint.All I hear is Intuition Bias.I would like to see percentages within the current era since the ones we're going off of are from between 1972 and 2002.
To the OP himself, his theory seems steeped in personal dislike of "rule followers" than a real question. 
If I had to take a crack at answering why SJs are more prevalent then I'd resign to give some stereotype about how we have a vested interest in keeping society together.I know you came here for mbti, but you sound like a fellow classic type 6 on the enneagram. From the anxiety to slightly contrary behaviors.
As an ISTJ type 6, I find many similarities in how you answered. Could be an ISTJ but I also here INFJS correlate to type 6 as well.I was thinking the same thing haha "Please don't be ISTJ".I get a sense of nostalgia every so often, and I'll feel the emotion tied to it, but the present is usually more concerning than the past so it doesn't tend to linger much. The weather especially will cause feelings of nostalgia. Like Autumn (my favorite season) is where I'm most productive, because I remember feelings of excitement when I used to go to school as a kid. There's also spring time weather that reminds me of my high school years where I lived solely in the stories I used to write since high school was a very lonely time for me. Those moments are usually the most intense.

For me though, my inferior Ne and my fear of the future is more overt in my consciousness, since I suppose Si is so ingrained in me, it's affect isn't really at the forefront of my mind. While nostalgia comes and goes, thinking of the future always fills me with fear or anxiety.I suggested to my ENFP friend that maybe she should just keep a list or dry erase board of all the things she needs/wants to do. I figured that maybe by just keeping the things they need to get done in mind, a P will eventually just do it when they feel the whim. If it's important or a priority, a person should get to it if they kept it in mind.This is a very good siTe (pun???) I use to type characters when I have a type in mind. Very good as a middle area of when you have an idea of their cognitive functions, but want to make sure.My dad would nitpick any little thing I did and now I'm a perfectionist and super critical of anything I or others around me do. Other than that, I was either left alone or summoned to do chores so I had time to really get used to Si. Only started using Te when I became less shy.
I don't understand other people's emotions for the most part. I know how I would react in that situation so often I'm more bewildered why the other person is reacting in their way and not what I think is the assumed conclusion. It's just weird.

So often I'm standing there like, "uh, that sucks dude." and I just kinda stand their numb not knowing what to do. I don't GTFO but I don't really know what to do.

With my own emotions, I'm always rationalizing it and trying to figure out why I'm feeling that way, often embarrassed why. So I tend to try to be perceived as a little numb when reacting emotionally.This is going to be a very self indulgent response but as an ISTJ, I find IXTJ females irresistible. I love Te so much.Well you just described my childhood. As the only hereditary child, and only girl, I was sheltered and not allowed outside unless my brothers went out with me. Didn't help that I was extremely shy as a kid, and later grew up to be deeply introverted.

I believe that being sheltered directly caused me to feel my introverted functions more intensely, so it may cause mistypings. Though honestly I think poor descriptions of what Sensing, Intuition, Feeling, and Thinking are (in mbti terms) are really what leads to mistypings. With intuitive bias, gender stereotypes, and often eurocentric descriptions, it can all be misleading if a person doesn't read up on cognitive functions. ISTJ descriptions often talk alot about conservatism and traditionalism as they misconstrue what the Si-Te-Fi-Ne thinking pattern can do when it believes something deeply and is unwilling to let go of the belief. When people hear conservatism, they think right-wing, anti-lgbt, etc etc and that's not what it means in mbti terms. An ISTJ can hold on to deeply right-wing beliefs, but so can another ISTJ hold on to deeply left-wing beliefs. Same thinking pattern, different data, different conclusions.26yr old ISTJ. Enneagram type 6 with trust issues as well. I never get close enough to people to experience love.The only advice I can give to proper typing is learning cognitive functions. I'm of the mindset that people can come to the same conclusions but just by different cognitive pathways. I've yet to see a test that frames it this way though.Nostalgic moments always make me feel a little sad. Even if it's something innocuous like remembering watching tv in the basement in my old house as a kid. But it's never just the memory or even the memory at all. It's all the feelings of once being there. The sensations of what was going on at the time. Comfortable colors and lighting and smells.

For me these nostalgic moments don't happen super often, thank goodness. And as an ISTJ I'm usually hyper focused on tasks and hobbies with Te. So I can distract myself with activities in the present for the most part. Fe aux might be a little bit different, especially if the nostalgia is linked to people you used to be close to.

Since Ne is a bitch, thinking of the future is probably a no-go for you as much as it is for me. But living more in the present and trying to enjoy things now can take the edge off. Try to do things that you think are meaningful.

Edit: Also wrote this assuming you're ISFJ.I don't remember my childhood very well. I was very shy outside of the house, but inside the house, I remember exploring every part of the house, spending hours playing make believe with animal toys and teddy bears. I do remember spending a lot of time alone and being happiest when left alone.This is something I have been looking into after noticing a specific demographic that most mass shooters come from, and the thinking of religious/cultural extremists. I feel like there are two things required to become an extremist/radical. 

1) A feeling that the world is acting wholly contrary to how you believe it should. 

2) And that one person can start a chain reaction of change. There's a sense of empowerment in acting in ways that further your world view.


My knee jerk reaction was to say that me and my fellow Sensors would be more likely. Because of what you said - that we rely more on our experiences and opinions more than iNtuitors. But after rereading what intuition is and what percieving functions are, I don't believe that the perceiving functions are what makes one more likely to be an extremist.


Let's look at the following example: (If you do not like this example, replace it with renditions of "This ideology is detrimental to society".)

Se – I see (or hear of) minorities assaulting and stealing very often.

Si – I have seen (or heard of) minorities assaulting and stealing very often. 

Ne - Minorities seem very involved in crime.

Ni - I get a sense that minorities are very involved in crime.


While it's true that someone could be seeing what they want to see, wouldn't that quality be one of a Judger? Someone who starts with a judgment and perceives through that lens? But also notice that the perceptions here are *without judgment*. It's gathering data to then be processed, or as stated before, is data gathered through a certain lens.


Judgment (examples have introvert judger bias in assuming direction of perception then judgment)

(objective, impersonal) Te – If there are less minorities, there is less crime.

(subjective, impersonal) Ti – I see less crime when there are less minorities.

(objective, personal) Fe – Minorities tend to be criminals and we should stay away from them.

(subjective, personal) Fi – To keep crime away, I must stay away from minorities.


Now we probably know a person like this who doesn't turn these ideas into actions, aggression, or violence. Is there something else that turns the above statements to: "I will forcefully keep minorities out of my community."?


One of these statements has the two elements I stated at the beginning of this post:
the world being contrary to how you believe it should (subjective), and feeling that one person can make all the difference (personal).

Coupled with the fact that if one possesses Fi, they also possess Te, doesn't this sound correct?
"If there are less minorities, there is less crime. Thus to keep crime away, I will forcefully keep minorities away."


What do you think? Is it Fi that could be most likely to lead to extremism/radical thinking?


For context, while I disagree with the sentiment toward minorities in my example above, I do align with certain political beliefs that can be considered radical. And I am SiTeFiNe.I'm in favor of multiple parents and partners as a means of fulfilling communal living and economic security. And philosophically believe this would be the optimal way of living. Never really brought mbti into it but for what it's worth, I'm an ISTJ. I've yet to be in a poly relationship but I feel very strongly about this philosophically.I've seen that happen a lot in the tumblr mbti community.I feel like reddit has a bad reputation, and I feel like Si-doms are particularly sensitive to reputation and being associated with it. That's what kept me away from reddit initially.I figure its describing TiNe as starting with a subjective/personal conclusion and weeding through the possibilities to determine what led to it or supports that conclusion.

And that NeTi starts with wondering about many things that could occur or be possible and derives a personal judgement/understanding based on those possibilities inferred.ISTJs. Yeah it's a bit narcissistic, but I imagine working through Si-Te and being allowed to see For when they get to know you is really touching. And liberating Ne by raising an ISTJs confidence and removing fear, it's a wild ride.On the internet, there's more introverts than extroverts. The descriptions for introversion, intuition, and introverted functions are often very similar. People may think staying at home reading instead of going out is more an intuitor trait when it's really an introvert thing. Hence intuitor bias on the internet.ISTJ. When I want to sleep, I don't have any trouble sleeping. Aside for needing a bit of white noise or background noise due to some scary incidents in my complex that happened at night. I wake up pretty instantly when my alarm goes off and I shut it off quick cuz I hate the sound. I've gotten into the routine of waking at sunrise or around the same time every day. And I've only fallen asleep unintentionally twice in my life.

I love syncing and waking up around sunrise. My circadian rhythm seems pretty linked with the sunlight now and I've gotten sleepier in winter, but it's growing lighter out thank goodness. Daylight savings is a mistake.

I find this interesting because a long time friend of mine is an ENFP and requires several cycles of alarms to wake. I could never shake her awake either (Im not insistent tho and usually just let her sleep anyway.) When she's tired, she'll just fall asleep unintentionally all the time.

Edit: I do wake up every so often in the middle of the night and will wake up pretty easily to noises. But I can go back to sleep easily. I can sleep with people being loud or with lights on. The only thing that will keep me up is if neighbors are fighting and I'm not sure what's going on.Same. I can function after getting only 4 hours of sleep but have to compensate for it at some point in the week too. Typically the weekends.I don't intentionally try to act perfect and always find it curious when not so close friends admit that they have that impression of me.

I think we ISTJs are extremely sensitive to social judgement. And with inf Ne, if there is so much as a hint we could face ridicule from something, we'll avoid it if we can. We want to belong.

For me personally it's two things. One, I've always been extremely sensitive to negative emotions. I'm the type of person where I tell people after the fact that something bad happened (loss of loved one, traumatic event, etc). It's because as I'm going through dealing with my own emotions, if the other person reacts with shock or sadness or ridicule or some sort of high anxiety response, I feel a jolt of physical anxiety every time and it exacerbates the feeling. I once had an interview around the time my cat of 15 years died and I thought I was keeping it together. I was nervous but I wasn't a mess. Then one of the interviewers said "you look nervous. You can take a drink of water if you need." And I fell apart. I didn't cry or anything but I couldn't make any sense after that.
Sometimes, even after I've come to terms with something, if someone brings it up, i have to deal with it all over again. If I fuck up and have dealt with it, I don't want to hear about it again.

Two, I am perfectionistic but it's due to a fear of failure and the ridicule that someone is allowed to put on you because of it. My father made it seem like nothing I did was ever good enough. Even if I did something right, he would never mention it and would find something unrelated to nitpick. I don't tell anyone about the risks I'm taking until it's a success. That way I don't have to hear them ridicule me for attempting or ridicule me after failure for thinking it would ever work to begin with.

So what happens is I never talk about my shortcomings and I guess people think that it's done in arrogance instead of defense.

Edit: My dad would always try to make sure I knew all the dangers if I told him I was trying something new. And he'd always give reasons why I failed if I did. I guess he meant well but it made me feel like I'd never be good or strong enough to excel at anything and made me feel like I should have known better if I failed. It took me till adulthood to try new things despite these feelings.You'd be surprised what I can come up with with inf Ne. XDThis is a weird question I have to wrap my head around. Who doesn't value what friends and loved ones think of them?

I'm not really sure why it's so important for me to be accepted and belong, but it is.

I guess the only thing I can think of to explain it is being a kid with a disappointed parent. I guess my sense of self worth is tied to being appreciated, loved, and given support and comfort by peers. I'm old enough and have enough self esteem to not think that if no one loves me then I'm worthless. But it's more like if people DO love and appreciate me then I am valuable to them. It's an ego boost I guess. My biggest motivation to go above and beyond what I'd normally do just to please myself.Growing up, I followed all the rules and felt better for doing so. Coloring within the lines just felt right and good. And there was a comforting unspoken trust in the idea that if I did what I was supposed to then I'd get what I deserved and be happier than before.

Now as an adult, I am very scrutinizing of rules and conceptualize the underlying reason for them. If the rules are conducive to helping everyone work together without ranking others or putting them down, then I rise as leader to help facilitate what amounts to social trust that promises mutual benefit.

If the rules are just there to enforce order for only the sake of preventing chaos, then I see it more of a guideline but not the end of the matter. From missing deadlines to lacking requirements to failing prerequisites and breaking promises, I've luckily learned that if you fail to live up to what the rules say, you can still gain what it promises. As an ISTJ this truth has become enlightenment.

A lot about capitalist and American life especially is about taking advantage of opportunities and so strict rules are often just ways to keep people who don't know this down. Just remember that the world is wonderfully complex and that there will always be more than just the one way the rules say to reaching your desires.As an Si-dom, having an altered state of consciousness doesn't sound all that fun to me. Couple that with a "don't tell anyone how you really feel" tertiary Fi, I'm afraid that lowered inhibitions of my usually well controlled state sounds like social suicide for me. I have a lot of impulses I don't act on and the last thing I want is for someone to know I still laugh to myself about the dumbass thing they did or that I have fantasies about them.

For weed in particular though, might be fun to relax and not be bombarded with details all the time. Who knows though, could make it worse.How was that your take away from what I wrote? The main idea was to not let rules rule you and that it's ok to break them.ISTJ and never really got in trouble in school as one could imagine. The times I did get in trouble, I resented it cuz I never get in trouble and the teachers would make such a big deal about it.

At home I was the favorite so I got away with a lot of stuff as a kid, but my parents were also never satisfied with anything so I'd get yelled at if a sock was on the floor of an otherwise spotless room. Made me into a perfectionist with anxiety.Lately I've been developing both assertiveness and confidence and have begun to try new things despite everything I know that could go wrong. (Maybe developing Fi to reign in underdeveloped Ne?) But there's one thing I'm noticing. I live so much in my head, e.g. Si-Te (going over old information and processing it into something much more understandable or simplifying new information based on stuff I already know - long before I ever take any action) to the point that when I experience new experiences, they don't feel real. 

As I try new things completely foreign to me with no base of similar knowledge, it feels like I'm not experiencing it. It's a strange sensation that I get that it's hard to describe. Almost like spacing out or even daydreaming. My body feels light and it almost feels like I'm just my eyes. And there's a slight pressure in my temples. 

I'm wondering if this is what it feels like to use a mostly unused function? Or the result of an under-developed function and my dominant Si attempting to compensate for it when there's no resources available for reference and all research has been done. Maybe it could also be my body trying to deal with physical anxieties that come with how poorly Ne works in me (e.g. thoughts like: if you mess up, you will die).

What do you guys think? Is this an example of shadow Se?

Do you talk?I guess I can say that I work practically (get stuff done, make a list, complete it----that kind of thing), but I think abstract-ly. It's hard to think about. Can I even say either? I like this generalization, but it's hard to pick one.In this scenario I'd say that this makes me more of an Si. In a very broad sense, it's basically what I would do naturally when watching a movie. 

Can't say that every way I relate to the past, mostly because when I'm thinking, or deep in thought, my mind looks towards the future. For example I think that in the next World War people will use chemical and biological weapons. Just an example. Thanks for the explanation.Thanks for the insight. To clear up, I know some things about mbti in a broad sense. I've read mostly on the introverted types. 

This really shows me that these are just labels or generalizations. I've known this, but once you stressed it, it made me think that there can't be a label that categorizes everything. It's plain ignorant to just say "ISTJs are boring" or "INTJs are mean" (NONE OF THIS TRUE) just because some label suggests it. If everyone was born and wired according to a set of guidelines, what would be the point of the sake of being unique?

To be quite honest, I'd pick ISTJ from what you described.Could anybody help me understand the difference of intuition and sensing, and maybe why I've tested as both? Since I consider myself both (but relate better to ISTJ), maybe someone who understands this kind of occurrence could help my out. It often comes out as something like 40/60 or 60/40, so it's not dominant towards anything. 
I am an ISTJ and got ENFJ. 

Hmm, the person I like is an ENFP, how different are those 2 types?Wait wait, english is not my mother language so I am no good with slang, what does that mean? Is it bad? 

Also, my question about how different they are refered to ENFJ and ENFP.

EDIT: Also, ISTJ and ESFP are supposed to be compatible because of socionics duality? So"ISTJ: ...good at organizing unimportant stuff." 

I died.Many of my friends tell me I come off as social extroverted tooMusic lets me handle and control my erratic emotions, it helps me extern the logic-less things that go through my mind at times. When I don't have emocional turbulences, I listen to it just to relax or to distract myself. I love music so much and listen to a ridiculous variety of genres, it is just so useful.I love learning, as for school? I couldn't care. Sometimes it is fun, other Im neutral or dislike it. Depends on the subject and teacher for me really. Can you elaborate on the "its great and frustating to date a Te-Fi" part?The top one is Tumblr, but I use YouTube and Reddit almost as much.I think ours is good, pretty type oriented and good substantial answers (mostly) Certainly there isn't an abundance of threads, but I find it to be a good subreddit with good answers. Some will welcome it, some wont. ISTJs depression tendencies will appreciate your affection but ISTJness will make them want to push you away. 

Lol, screw my type.It is! Not excessive posting, only too many how to love us ones. Male ISTJ here, 18 yo if it helps. 5w6 ISTJ here, every word you said fits. Also, please hug me, but not too much, and when I don't expect it. Jaja, I am an otaku, a gamer and a tech enthusiast (but not a tech freak maniac)Im afraid you have your stereotypes wrong, we are not vengeful. Sorry about that, but yeah, stalking in spot on hahaha[retreat, retreat! ](http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/ba/baeefa31aaa24656672d9e5ba935518e32597850205d909fc90b51206ba5529c.jpg) I doISTJs are very susceptible to depression, because of our difficulties to get in touch with our feelings and just the way we are, we end up burying everything and repressing emotions making ourselves miserable, but because we feel that we NEED to be strong, we NEED to go on, we do not bother and end up falling into the black pit of depression without realizing it. Now that makes me want to poll the age of the people in our sub. I usually start hugging and coaxing other into drinking more.Actuallized: ISTJ 

Preferred: ISTJ 

Attraction: ISTJ

HehYou put ISTP twiceTotally agree[This](http://i.imgur.com/ZJ7a09c.jpg) is me, but it is from last year. [This one](http://i.imgur.com/cGyVlEs.jpg) is more recent. 

I don't really like photos of me, but those two are ok. The first one is me missioning and the pic was taken by a friend while us two went to explore and sight seeing. 

The second one is with scouts friends, which is one of my life passions. I was just reading nice things about ENTPs. Certainly unexpected. Thanks! &gt; with their coolness of silence expect when they need to talk. 

Pretty much what everyone say about me in personal feedback dynamics. I used to like I knew you were trouble back in the day...Really now? Middle school days feels like they were a long time ago. Hello,

Could you guys tell me about how compatible or likely to get along ISTJs and ENFPs are? Strenghts and weaknesses, and maybe even possibly daiting?

Thank you in advance.Hello, I am already aware of my type, but i would like second opinions by the people in this sub to see if I fit. 

**What makes you respect individuals, groups, or organizations?**


A person or organization can gain my respect by demonstrating that they are capable of holding out to their compromises and by having a good ethical code.

What kind of things turn you off about a person, a brand/company, or a particular environment? What gets under your skin (in a bad way)?

Anything that comes off as overbearing or over-the-top. Basically over enthusiastic people that become obnoxious, or annoying self-centered persons. When it comes to things, anything that comes off as: “look, I am great, buy me *sparkle sparkle*”

I don’t like party moods, as in a night club or a big party with many people that I do no know.

**How good is your memory for detail? Specific conversations you've had in the past, little tasks that need to get done, what you were doing the first time you heard a song or tried a food, etc.**

It’s good. While I can sometimes forget many simple things, I often remember specific things that people say or do, or things that happened, often irrelevant details. My detail memory can recall things from many years ago.

**What do you spend the most time thinking about - the past, the present, the future? Practical topics, logistical issues, relationships with people, theoretical concepts, issues of morality/ethics? Do you find yourself fixating on one thing, coming back to it, and trying to figure it out, or are you more prone to meandering through multiple tangentially related topics? Do you often daydream/space out? When you do daydream or fantasize, what kind of things do you imagine and think about?**


I worry about the future and think about the past. The future makes me anxious, I want to be able to make certain that I will be able to be successful in life. Get a job, get a house, a partner. I often reflect on the past remembering how things used to be or to use it a basis to my action in the future. 

I think often about relationships with others and how to handle them, about my studies and employment future and how I am going to handle life. I like to have a life plan for the immediate coming years. 

I don’t think much about morals or ethics as I have a solid foundation about what I think about it and see no point in discussing it further, I am open to change the way I see at things, but for the most part I know what I think of things. 

I do daydream, mostly about perfect scenarios about things I would like to do or with my relationships.


**Think about a topic or two you're really interested in and like having conversations about. Do you think you would generally have more fun talking about that topic with an enthusiastic, curious listener who asks you lots of great questions, or do you think you would generally have more fun listening to an interesting, entertaining person talk at length about it and answer your questions enthusiastically?**

Both, given the right setting I like to share to others about my passions, but I love to learn and hearing about things I like is great for me. I don’t really like casual discussion. 

**In the last question, what topic(s) were you think about?**

Anime or manga, videogames, Civil Engineering topics, technology, urban development, politics.

**If someone is doing something that you strongly disagree with, how likely are you to confront them about it? If you do confront them, how do you usually tend to do it? How does your answer change depending on your relationship with the person, and whether their actions directly affect you?**

I will most probably not confront the person, I really dislike problems/confrontation. Unless it is something directly affecting me, I will just try to not have to deal with the person in any way, and even if it is affecting me, I will give it a second thought about approaching the topic and will think heavily about how to do it. If it is someone I know I will be more prone to present the matter to them.

**How interested are you in trying new things - traveling, trying strange and exotic foods, going on roller coasters, jumping out of airplanes, things like that? Regardless of how interested you are, how willing would you be to do those things if someone asked you to? How often do you actually do things like that? Give examples.**


I like trying new things, I have no problem going on an adventure, as long as I can see the reward. Travelling does no good to me as the time and effort needed does not justify the gratification from going to a new city as I will probably do nothing on it, there is a select list of places I would actually like to visit; going to the wilderness is something I like a lot however. I have no problem trying out new foods or experiences.


**How would other people describe your demeanor? It may help to ask people you know. How emotional do you seem to people? How rational? Do you tend to be quiet and reserved, or more loud and talkative? Do you seem to choose your words carefully, or talk stream of consciousness, or do you sometimes think so fast you stumble trying to get all the words out? Do you tend to finish your sentences, or skip to the next sentence in the middle of the one you're saying, or skip to new topics entirely? Do you interrupt - if so, when and how often? How do you feel if someone interrupts you? How often do you feel like you have so much energy you can't sit still and need to be up and moving? How hard is it for you to get out of bed in the morning, or get up after relaxing for a long time?**

*ANWSERED BY A FRIEND*
Highly rational, he doesn’t let his emotions take over and rarely lets it show in his voice and/or body language. He is slow to anger and at the same time quick to cool down. While he does talk in a somewhat monotones tune his voice does carry strength. He tends to speak in complete sentences with complete and well-structured ideas. He is quick to correct others if he feels the need to (which is most of the time). And finally when it comes to energy and how he looks, I would say that he´s possesses a relaxing aura.
 
**Are you involved in any creative activities or projects? What are they and why do you like them? What are your goals in these areas? What have you felt most proud of or satisfied with? How likely are you to finish a particular project you start?**

I am involved with Scouting. I have been in a scouts group for five years now. I am also a missionary with my local church (Catholic), I have been so for 2 years now. I like scouting a lot because not only does it helps develop myself and grow in various ways, it also provides plenty of great experiences, friendships and memories while allowing me to give service to my community. I am a missionary because I feel the call to go share the will and love of God, it also provides great relationships and memories that will be forever in my heart. 

As a scout, because of my age I just passed to the next section, I want to learn the ways I can make progression in this new sections and develop projects. The accomplishment I fell the most proud of are two: leading a stand in an Scout Expo and carrying my team from last place to seventh place in the province wide camp (35 teams, difference of a year between last and seventh.)

As a missionary, I would like to become a server (we are divided by fraternities or teams, each fraternity goes to a different village, the servers (2) are the ones that are in charge of the fraternity. My greatest accomplishment it coming at all, it is overall such a great and rewarding experience.  

If it is something I am passionate about I will most likely finish the project. 

**What are your age, gender, and nationality, if you feel comfortable sharing?**


18M, Mexican. 


Thank you for taking the time to read.Too kind to be true ENTJ. You're a mistyped ESFJ.I thought I was in r/hermitcraft for a second. That aside, this is an awesome drawing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8OHzYoQJYo&amp;list=PLdqMgyiAzNsFknuP0Cm5N4uYip5CJXBFh

I know the INTP song "Keep on Waiting" has already been posted in some other thread and people have talked about how some of the songs aren't very accurate (i.e. the ESTP song "Come With Me" isn't very "subtle" in terms of its message, etc.) but I still think they're pretty good even if they aren't extremely accurate.Logical-MathematicalISTJ, 1w9, Ravenclaw, Thunderbird, Elm wood with a phoenix feather core, 13 3/4 inches and unyielding flexibility, WeaselI think you should have been a bit more specific with these questions. This election is a crazy one; there are Democrats voting Trump due to Hillary's corruption, Republicans voting Hillary due to Trump's craziness, etc. so "who are you voting for this year" certainly won't be a good question to ask if you want to find a correlation between MBTI and political ideology.

What you should have done instead is ask users to take the Political Compass test over at [politicalcompass.org](https://www.politicalcompass.org/). Then, in the actual survey, ask them to report their position on the compass (preferably telling them to round their numbers to the nearest whole; that will make finding averages and stuff a lot easier).

The reason the Political Compass is so much better is because if you ask them "who are you voting for," that assumes you agree with all of their positions on every issue. That means you wholeheartedly support Trump's economic policy, Hillary's foreign policy, etc. But with the Political Compass, you can choose what you support. For example, I took the survey and said I supported Jill Stein. I support most of her policy positions, except for things like her policies on healthcare (i.e. using "natural" or "exotic" medicine or whatever she calls it).

But of course, this is just a recommendation. You don't have to do it, but it sure would be good if you did.&gt; Political compass is a shit quiz that **skews left libertarian** because it was **made by a UK left libertarian group**.

Yeah, I thought so.

&gt; I would identify as being far left and mildly authoritarian (-10, 3 or so) but I consistently get the very bottom left corner.

Well obviously if you think you're far-left and semi-authoritarian and have good reasons to back it up, I'd allow you to put in (-10, 3) as your results on the survey.

I took the quiz and it said I was (-5, -2). At first, I thought it was way too leftist and a bit too authoritarian; my expected results at the time were probably around (-1, -4). But then I realized that if I found the positions of who inspired my political views (mainly Tito, Trotsky and kind-of-but-not-really Hoxha), I could find out where I was. The end result was somewhat accurate, but not as much as I hoped.

I personally put myself at (-3, -3), for those who are wondering.

&gt; Besides politics is more complicated than plotting a point on a 2d graph.

True. 

I think maybe people could plot themselves using [this](http://i.imgur.com/NQdx4CZ.png), kind of in the same way that people type themselves here using functions or whatever.

Of course, some of the terms are a bit hard to recognize and I imagine that not many people here know what "Syndicalism" or "Mutualism" is. We'd probably have to dumb it down a bit, i.e. "Communism," which is plotted at (-10, 10), could be simply described as "the forced redistribution of wealth from the rich to the poor" or something along those lines.

Or you know, we could just have these people learn what the terms mean.

Okay then. How about [this](http://oi61.tinypic.com/igi63r.jpg) chart? This actually lets you plot yourself with little political understanding because it describes what each oddly-shaped section believes in. It also has terms for the positions in case you have a big understanding of political terms. For example, where I plot myself is right in the middle of box 17, "Social Democracy," which isn't entirely true (see [this](https://archive.org/details/technocracyfirst00smyt) for a description of my other beliefs) On the right side of the compass, you can see a line that points to my position and the text that says "People should generally be allowed to do what they want; all laws prohibiting 'victim-less crimes' should be abolished," and I think this is true. On the bottom, there's a line pointing to my position with text that says "A generous society or safety net is generally desirable," which I also believe to be true.

Of course, there are still things wrong with this. Some of the terms are wrong and some of them are unnecessarily complex, i.e. "Rothbardian Anarcho-Capitalism" and its Randian/Friedman counterpart to the right of it.First post I saw when I got there: "If you were to hypothetically shoot up a school, what song would you play?"

No more 4chan for me today, or ever for that matter.63/37 Trinitarian/Quarternarian, which makes me "Casually Trinitarian." From what I've read in the descriptions of both, it seems about right.
Don't you mean Defcon 1? Defcon 5 is when everything is fine. Defcon 1 is when total nuclear war is about to begin....Wrong sub?&gt; You didn't even think it was **pasta-ble**.

ftfy

^^^^^See, ^^^^^guys? ^^^^^ISTJ's ^^^^^can ^^^^^be ^^^^^funny ^^^^^too...Okay.&gt; SiFe (ISTJ)

SiTe...ISTJ here. I'm not all that concerned, if I may be honest. The President isn't exactly the most important thing; it's the "down ballot" stuff that's important i.e. local elections and even bigger things like the House, Senate, etc. For people who say "oh, the climate is going to burn and LGBTs are going to be executed!" well that won't happen. And even if the 54.57% Republican-controlled House or 52% Republican-controlled Senate somehow does pass the "Clean Energy Removal Act" or "Homosexual Execution Act," then the public will revolt. It's kind of like the Ken Bone quote that someone said in another comment on this thread: "Presidents aren't kings; we the people are still in control."

Also, the Democrats learned their lesson not to elect corporate-funded idiots, so that's good as well.Vsauce talked about that song in one of his videos and he said it was chosen to explain the human emotion of loneliness to aliens.

:(In my opinion:

A is what they mean in the context of the MBTI dichotomy.

B is the normal meaning of both words (that is, outside MBTI).

C is related to functions; "Seeing the world or reality based on external norms" is _e functions (Te and Fe) and "Seeing the world or reality based on your own internal subjective norms or impressions" is _i functions (Ti and Fi)....Wrong sub?Te-Ni-Se-Fi, so that's ENTJ. You say you get ENTJ on other tests, so it sounds accurate. I'd research the functions more just to be sure though.I'd pull the lever because I'm not an "anarcho"-capitalist. (I'm a socialist, and it's a common joke to say that the NAP is the founding philosophy of ancapism)I tied between Anal-Retentive and Retentive Hysteric. It didn't explain them to me because I tied and the test is "therefore incapable of giving me a more personalized description," but the basic TL;DR of the types is Anal-Retentive is what most "Guardians" (_S_J) get, while Retentive Hysteric is what most heavy Introverts get.Some of these (actually, nearly all of these) are pretty heavily based on stereotypes which may or may not be biased and/or offensive.

ESTJ: Micro-managing bosses

ISTJ: Organized and productive workers

ESFJ: Your best friend that you really like hanging out with

ISFJ: Doctors and social workers

ENFP: Stereotypical teenage girl with short attention span

INFP: Followers of the INFJ's New Age religion

ENFJ: I really don't know. I don't think about ENFJ's often enough.

INFJ: Leaders of a New Age religion

ENTP: Scientists who change what they research every day

INTP: People who don't talk and just read books all day

ENTJ: Military commanders who put the INTJ's world domination plan into action

INTJ: People who spend all day coming up with world domination plans

ESTP: Daredevils and sports players

ISTP: Mechanics and engineers

ESFP: Dancers and singers

ISFP: Painters and authorsIn the chart it says it's Yiddish. It is German, though.
I went from a INFP to a ISTJ in 3 years so I would not rely on them too heavily.Well as a person currently battling with if I should remain in my current religion, I feel I might not be in the best position to answer. Anyway, my current reason for holding onto my religion is Pascals Wager. While this is not the best reason, it is the one I would rather hold onto. Although even as I type this I find myself doubting that reason more and more, but this post is not the place to be talking about my worries. Anyway, that is the reason I (Very Timidly) believe. Yeah that seems justified, so I guess that leaves people with a few options 
1) Believe in something they cannot prove through scientific methods 
2) Believe that life was created randomly and has no discernible purpose 
3) Cry in a corner 
4) Some other option that I’ve missed out on (sorry if this is you)
...
...
Time to go pick Option 3! 
Yeah, I'll admit, that is a VERY effective counter argument. I can't really find anything that would fully persuade someone that the one I have chosen is real. You might base it on the number of followers (But this may be due to history and cultural circumstances rather than actual design). I guess there is no way to know but due to pascals wagers it still seems that picking one out of the thousand is better than picking none at all, but I can see some benefits in not choosing.  
(I will admit Pascals Wager does have a lot of holes in it, but I have not found any better reasons yet so...) 
EDIT: Why is this conversation like mostly NT's
See, this test shows why I don’t like the question "What was your favourite subject at school". There is usually never any business subjects and out of my 6 total subjects that I am currently doing in school, 3 of them are related to business (Accounting, Business Management and Legal Studies) and my favourite subject is accounting I never know what to choose. Even so, I always feel like none of the actual answers apply to me. I think I most relate to the Logical/Mathematical, but I'm not that great at math.  

Also my school doesn't even have Philosophy or Debate subjects. I think the reason that this test doesn't reflect my subjects is because I’m from Australia (Queensland) and our school system is kind of broken here.
ISTJ. I have High-Functioning Autism but I don't think it impacts my life too much.ISTJ. Got a score of 10. I know I was nowhere near to the 30 score but I kind of wish I got lower, having any psychopathic traits probably isn’t a good thing.  
So I am an ISTJ 

My Twin: ENFP 

Mum: ENFP 

Dad: No Clue, Cant tell if I/E, Most likely S, No idea about F/T,  Probably P

Honestly, my families a mess, I can get along with my mum, but i can't get along with my twin. He is constantly happy and cheerful and will think that everyone should be too. As a pessimest, this is draining. I hate my dad and I dont actually talk to him, due to quite a few reasons. Back to my twin, we can sort of work together if its in "quick" enviroment. If we can just bounce off what the other is saying and keep aconversation without going into feelings. Apparently he seeks validation from me, I dont know why and I cannot give him that due to my nature. I have often described his happiness as poisonous, unnatural, toxic.Aggression, shyness and rationality. I'm a bit ashamed of aggression but I feel like it's directed at me most of the time.25/36. Hmmm, meh I already knew I wasn’t that great at reading people’s faces.My friends are mostly NF's leaning to ENFP. I hate my life. I'm just like "Maybe we should be quiet" and they're like "Nah". I also fail to understand their positivity. Also there is only 2 SJ's and the other doesn't like even speaking their opinion. The group doesn't get into many arguments though.I'm not great at math. Out of the 3 compulsory maths we have at my school, I am in the middle , still high enough to get to University but low enough that only 7 people out of 25 are paying attention. 

This is the Queensland education system if you were wondering How?!?! How does something get to that state. And why do you have 3 Mail apps when you seem to only use one. I'm guessing that most of its spam or daily reminders about something, maybe cleaning out your inbox. 
If this was me I'd get anxiety but only because I would be scared of people not it overflowing, 
E.G I get scared when I see someone has replied to me on reddit.Aren't work emails like important? Or is it the equivalent of people talking in a group chat that just doesn't involve you anymore? (Me while reading the title): Oh dear, don’t be ISTJ's, don’t be ISTJ's.

(After the Graph): Why are ISTJ's so low? We were the lowest thinking type(excluding the blank ones) and some more feeling types got above us, maybe it’s due to the pressure SJ's seem to put on socially acceptable behaviour so they would shun such thoughts?

Although for some reason when taking the test I got 14, above average for ISTJ's


Huh just realized I took this test 3 weeks ago and I got 10 that time, that’s odd?
While I do like cookies, I am questioning the effects of the r/mbti subreddit I don't think MBTI can be inherited. My entire family has the P trait while I have the judging trait. I think it's based off the environment you're exposed to. For example, a close family of FP's may be more likely to raise a FPSomeone who I can have deep conversations with and matches some of my interests.Oh  I meant perceiving and judging "things I guess ". SorrySo I'm a guardian executive? Meh, been called worse. Joking, anyway this is really cool!They seem really cool, but yeah the "Executive" name is really hard to work with. Maybe, hmmm, 

Manager/Managing

Supervisor/Supervising

Ruler/Ruling  

Perfecting 

That's a few ideas! Hope one seems appropriate The guy on the far right, the kid or the guy second from the left? But no one looks good in pictures anyway.Are you going to do this for Te Se Fe &amp; Ne? Otherwise this was really helpful!Most Universally Likable: ESFJ I think their (Supposed) caring nature might be quite likable

Most Universally Unlikeable: INTJ Since it seems that they don't really "do" emotion that well, they may come off as rude and may offend a few people, so they might not be the best at popularity

Most Universally Misunderstood: ISTJ (as an ISTJ) I feel that due to our Te people seem to forget that we can express emotion.

Most Universally Socially Unaware: INTJ See Most universally unlikeable

Most Universally Funny: No Clue depends on type and preference

Most Universally Serious: ESTJ no clue why they just seem like they would

Most Universally Focused: ISTJ no reason here just seem like they might (Although I'm not)

Most Universally Unfocused: ESFP I have a twin who is an ESFP they are so unfocused they drive me crazyI am Australian! Brisbane actually. Anyway,

1. I used to try and fit in due to my anxiety in social events but now I don't try to, but I do feel alienated by my friends who all try and act childish in social situations. 

2. My closest friend, jeez that's hard. While I am in a relationship it hasn't gone anywhere in 3 years. So the INFP, like said above we act like we hate each other. We seem to be doing the same things just in reverse order. She was quiet and bottled up her feelings then her dog died and she turned into a expressive, way too emotional person. I went in reverse, Turing from a shy but expressive kid to a person who tries to be responsible and tries to be logical but I'm not sure if It's working? We can share emotional things but she is overflowing with them and I can't really handle it that well

3. I feel like I switch when it will never be useful. I think though I act passionate when on my own but then don't really act like that in public everyone would say I'm non-chalant.

4. I'm asking to be typed because SJ's seem too hard working and I'm not. I feel like no type fits me. See for me ISFP is odd since I'm not creative and I'm not independent. Far from it, i would rather someone micromanage me than leave me on my own.Longer than two seconds. But handouts are useful!Dating a ISFJ, it's going nowhere. They only follow my opinion and I can't have any deep conversations with them. They will literally say "oh I like this" and if I say I hate it they will change their opinion. I've told them to stop like 3 times. It's not like I'm being negatively affected, it's just really boring. Although sometimes it's good?

Oh also, we have been together for 4 years, it's been like this from the start but I kind of didn't notice. I think it's gonna end soon. But because they never express themselves, I don't know how they will take it.Okay, Introverts would have their powers focused on themselves whereas extroverts to others. 



Intuitive would relate to the future or creation whereas Sensors would relate to the real world  



Thinkers would relate to control where feelers to emotion 



Judging would relate to control whereas perceivers instability 



INTJ: Mental Map: the ability to create and predict patterns and theories at an extraordinary rate. 

INTP: Mental explosion: The ability to send a link of sorts, that will just melt the others mind. 

ENTJ: Mind Control: Controlling others, simple as that 

ENTP: Mental Confusion: The ability to change others thoughts and remove a choice from their minds

INFJ: Lawful Judgment: Seeing if someone is inherently good or bad. 

INFP: Bubble of emotion: Creating a bubble, to surround them with peace

ENFJ: Victory Vision: Being able to foresee success and loss

ENFP: Emotional Insight: Being able to see what is troubling a person

ISTJ: Telekinesis: Being able to move objects with their mind  

ISFJ: Emotional Shadow: Being able to just disappear based on emotion 

ESTJ: Extraverted Insight: Being able to instantly see others strengths and weaknesses

ESFJ: Emotional Hub: Being able to share emotions with others 

ISTP: Mechanical Insight: Being able to instantly sense what is wrong with an object

ISFP: Creating Life: Being able to grant life to inanimate objects

ESTP(and here I run into the type I know the least about): Shape Shifting: Being able to shape shift

ESFP: Emotional Lanterns: Creating a light or beam of their emotion, signaling the world and compelling nearby people to join them in that emotion.Do you mean SP's? SJ's don't have Se? ♫~Identity crisis's, they are great, don't know what I'm doing but it is wrong! Identity crisis's!~♫
http://imgur.com/QqbMmjA Uh I'm not actually sure

I know in an I

I'm not sure about S/N but I'd lean towards S, I just don't think it that N-ish

T/F is up in the air, all I know is I'm having a personality crisis and its centred around that 

And for J/P refer to the T/F explanation

So: IS?? (I've looked at functions as well, it didn't lead anywhere)Okay that sound familiar I've just got a few problems

The biggest one: Se

This has always been a questionable function for me because well, I don't seem to do new things, I don't decide to go and explore, I don't like trying new things. I focus on anything but the present, and both people with Se that I know forget stuff to a frankly ridiculous degree which contrasts with my (what I assume is normal) memory.
So maybe I act in a way that "downplays" Se, I'm not sure how things like that work

(I used to act like that, though, then I got sadder, more logical, hated my dad(he most definitely has Se))

The next one: Ni
The gist of this seems to be that it allows me to move on from questions I cannot answer. This really isn't that like me, I will focus on solving questions (unless apathy or it just gets too hard). 

(Again, I used to be like this when I was younger???)

So all in all, thank you. If you can answer my doubts that would be awesome but thanks for helping me!

Ok. Thank you for correcting me! I'm still not sure how Se works? I know 2 ESFP's and they really don't seem that like me(The I/E can't change that much? Can it?). They're very "floaty" like they expect that everything will work out no matter what, compared to me where I'll worry about everything. So, how does Se work? In ISFP's and in general? Thank you and sorry! Oh my gosh, this sounds so much like me! Thank you so much! I am really happy that I know my type! Again, thank you! Okay so as a Fi Dom, I get caught up in feelings when stressed? Yeah pretty much. I tend to get caught in a loop of panic, procrastination which makes me feel worse and to top it all off I also cut off communication and get angry at people trying to talk to me so no-one can help me either! Yay, what joy!!!I feel like I should've understood more of that than I did._.
Hmmm. Usually not. All I can do is let the event pass. In the end, it's never as big a deal but I'll never be able to stop myself next time, even if I know its not a big deal. I only recently got over my fear of people judging me(or gotten it down to "normal"). So no, talking only provides temporary relief and I'm one of those people who will shove the worry in my face with calendars and notes and stuff.I think I'm unhealthy and I'm 16. I don't have motivation or exploration and my life is filled with apathy. 

I don't do much about it because I just don't. It may relate back to the apathy thing but motivation to do things is something that has eluded meThe ESFP for things such as puns me for things such as higher class humour although that doesn't mean much the other ISFP acts more like the ESFP!The ISFP favourite scene is the main characters death? I can see that but, why?I don't really know what EII means._.I like your post but I love the adia of mbti being planets!Entropy Most of this is more like a gradual change but this is a rough outline 


Child(0-10): Happy, naive, excited, shy, scared of what others thought of me


Tween(11-12): Shy, insecure, kind of a brat online to others? Cared what other people thought of me, excited


(Also I need to split teen into 2 parts)  
Teen1(13-14): See Child&amp;Teen,  


Teen2(14-19): Got over what people thought of me, identity crisis, sad, not excited, critical


Adult(20+): Not there yet!13, and I'm still in it but it sucks and I'm ending it quite soon.How do you feel about ISFP's? 



To me you guys seem pretty nice, also pretty quiet though!Really Weird: I guess? I'm not sure how people view me so I don't know how to respond to this?

Artistic: I try to be but I suck and I'm still not sure about it anyway?

Everyone thinks I'm adorable: Yes but I don't see it, in a bitter complainer but everyone thinks I'm not selfish and stuff like that. Still, dont see it.Thank you so much! I was always a bit concerned to my Fi. I always thought "I can't deal with people on a day to day basis and I'm a bitter person, so why Fi?" but this is so much better. I really love politics and consumer law and stuff like that, stuff I always thought Fi's just didn't get. I like trying to think out things logically even though I suck at it.

Also people keep on saying i have an air of responsibility and logic, even though I'm an uncoordinated mess of a person? Why though? You say it's an experiment but there are ways to conduct experiments with being mean? This seems like attention seeking under the thin veil of science? And the people react will probably be based on experience not types. Remember, don't stereotype! It also seems you specifically signed up to mar this post? Although you username does check out.Honestly, your friend doesn't seem that great? I only really saw her bad side, but unless she has this amazing quality or is your only friend? Why stick around? She over reacted to you being you, I don't see why you should stick around? T is your life though so you have the final say and they're may very well be things I haven't considered, but seriously reconsider your relationship with them? This would be the perfect break?I'm abstaining, mainly just because? I see no benefits. "Oh wow look say me I can lose control the fastest". It's unhealthy and I already have far too much of that! 

Also my dad drunk a lot and he was an awegul person, probably not due to the alcohol, he just sucked.That doesn't mean everyone SHOULD be.Well, I hope you figure out what to do, talking to people usually helps me so I hope it works for you! 

I had a friend like this as well but they had way to big of an ego, they wanted all the spotlight and the world and wouldn't take no for an answer. They were awful, now we don't speak. For me I'm fine with it, they had very little positive qualities.


Your choice though.I'm HFA? although I was mistyped as ISTJ quite often!I don't get this? If it's a joke I'm confused? Is what I referenced a fringe thing? Someone just referenced badly develop types and I just wanted to ask? Should I take this down? I'm sorry.Oh! That makes a lot more sense!I have no clue where I'm headed and no clue about who I am. I am a mess that until 5 months ago desperately cared what people thought of me. Stereotypes are what never made me truly accept my ISFP title, because I'm not artistic, I only do things for personal or monetary gain and I'm not good with expressing my emotions. Um, I hate these questions, both, neither, um, both are needed for a society but choosing one shortchanges someone somewhere, justice help protects society but mercy helps people. Stuff it, justice. My idea of clothing is wearing plain, no logo clothes from where ever the cheapest store is. That and comfortable clothing.I don't think personality and genetics are related. I'm very new to MBTI so I will easily bow down to anyone who knows what they're doing but based on what I've seen, I've seen events which seemed to determine type later in life. For example, my twin is ESFP and I'm ISFP, we act similarly although the the optimism/pessimism divide is disgustingly huge. Back on topic, when he was younger he was forced to be more open and talk to people while I got a free ride for no adequately explained reason, now E vs I divide. I think, it becomes hard to distinguish between genetics and learnt behaviour because without research all we have is some home-spun wisdom and memories. Although for the other side my mum is a ENFP and my dads got an S so there may be something there? Although I doubt it would be as easy as just combining the two. I was apart of one because I was raised to be Christian but then I didn't really participate, it fell apart I had an identity crisis, Yada Yada Yada. Now I'm stuck between not trying to tell my mum and dad that I'm not religious and trying to not be religious. My twins not religious and it worked out "fine"-ish for him. Not sure what to do


But if you are religious, I'm fine with you as long as you don't force it into me or walk into my home uninvited like what happened to a friend, then I'm fine, your beliefs are your beliefs. If your atheist this applies to you, too. No forcing non religion on religious people, they may be "wrong@ in your mind but no need to get angry, pick an option wait X amount of years then we'll find the truth.Do you often get tons of people asking you to type them when you tell them what you are?

How do you deal with this?I think the main thread connecting all of us is that we're all a mess. 

The ENFP is a stress beacon

The INFP is a pushover

The ISFJ has no personality outside of their studies(which was extremely boring when I was dating them)

The ESFP is going to become so excited the bounce to another dimension

The 1st ISFP has no motivation

And the other ISFP doesn't express anger

Okay, so this actually fits me quite better!
I agree with most things except kind. Kind to me is very mixed if I don't know you I'm going to be blunt and rude, except if you're online in which I'll care about your opinion way too much.(There are always exceptions to this if you start off being kind/funny ill almost immediately respond in the same way) If I know you, I'll be kinder and friendlier but if I hate you I will go out of my way to make your life miserable, if we have common friends I'll talk about you behind your back, ill try and get them on my side, I'll dismiss your opinions when talking to you. this lead to a situation where it semi-friends with someone but doesn't want to talk to them, very long story.

Spontaneous is a mixed bag, while I do procrastinate I like to be organised.

I am quite sensitive to criticism, often quitting Reddit for a few weeks because I got scared/anxious by what someone said about me 

I like to cause tension, though, although I may get too deep.

All in all, this suited me a lot more than 16 personalities. Is that website generally trusted as a good source of information or is it more stereotypes?Hi!
Sorry if this post seems done to death but can you guys help figure out my type? (Sorry) 

Background Information 
I am a 16-year-old 

I am currently living with an ESFP, ENFP, and XSXP (don’t know his type). 

I have been diagnosed with High-functioning Autism (By a psychologist). To me, this is kind of weird. 

I feel like I might make a mistake due to this and how it impacts me and might cross the line into something. I also find it kind of depressing that due to the nature of it, I can’t distinguish between “it” and me. 

I also request that if you are confident in my type and confident that I have not developed all functions, I ask that you please predict what may be in store for me as I develop my functions.

Since I am currently in school, this may focus/give examples from school. If you need clarification, please feel free to ask. 
(Sorry for the long post, I feel like one needs to have a lot of evidence for a better prediction)

Recent Changes 

Very recently, like 5 weeks ago, I worried so much what others thought of me, I wouldn’t do things that I wanted to and would avoid going outside, then I went to a leadership camp, met a guide who shared similar traits with me, had a talk about why I don’t have any role models and then I got back from camp went to school and it was gone. I was no longer fiddling with my hair because I thought people were laughing at me, I no longer thought that I should avoid doing something Overall I just felt a weird new feeling of solidarity. It’s nice. 

The problem is that this fundamentally changes who I am as a person, this was with me since my birth and with it gone, I’m only just trying to learn how to act around people and how to be more confident. That and the fact that I can’t be a leader were the two best things to come out of that leadership camp. 

The other change is that I procrastinate a lot, like to the point where I will get myself in very bad situations and still average a B. This is also changing; I have fallen into a routine in which I have started doing homework when I get home. This is also new but was happening before the camp. 


MBTI &amp; me 
When I was 12, I accidently found MBTI and dropped it within 3 hours but during that time I typed as an INFP. Roughly 3 years later, I found it and obsessed over it, and then typed as an ISFJ, then an ISTJ. (The test sucks, though, so maybe ignoring this part would do us all massive favours(saying this cause I saw someone get angry at people using tests(will people get angry at this?(Panic!))))

Just me in general 

I will try to plan things such as assignments, trying to stay perfect but then due to procrastination and no real sense of time, I will fall apart and just start throwing things at the assignment to see what sticks. For example, doubling the number of statistics since I didn’t have enough, rushing to get the Prac part of y10 physics done. 

I can recall memories in quite a lot of detail, going so far as to remember the layout of a house or just once telling myself to not forget a simple plain moment in grade 6 since I was scared I would forget everything. I still remember that moment to this day.

I try to act logical but I’m not sure if I do in day to day life, although I hate it when people say I don’t have feelings.

I have way too much self-doubt.

Fear is my prime motivator. Fear of punishment so I follow the rules. Unfortunately, due to people becoming less strict and less motivated to give punishment to people who do break the rules, I am struggling to be motivated to do anything school related. 

I will say sorry quite a lot

I am scared to post things on Reddit for fear of people saying negative things 

I often cannot judge what made a person upset

Very recently on some days, I just haven’t had the energy to deal with people. I will often get angry at egotistical people, who I usually I can bearly put up with but just not that day. 

I often try to indulge in art (mainly by photoshopping things) but they are bad and it only happens once in a blue moon. Often it will only happen for a day or so and will be stopped by just about anything. For example, it not working, it not looking good, people, nothing at all, doing everything I wanted to do, doing anything at all, opening the program, school, etc.  

I feel like I haven’t met anyone with any similar interests to me, Reddit helps fill that hole. Everyone in my life shares the feeling quality and most are Sp’s.

I will often try to take the most logical course of action, If I remember to, but in emotion situations will often completely ignore this to do what feels right, often resulting in bad decisions 

If I need to decide on something, will draw up a map outlining all possible negative and positive qualities for hat scenario or thing, then assign each point a negative or positive number ranging from -3 to 3, if its negative reconsider, if it’s positive, reconsider but less thoroughly. 

School 
Subjects: 

English (the one that can get you into uni) (MANDATORY) 
I suck at English. I never took well to things such as adverbs and nouns. It’s okay since our curriculum focuses on political cartoons, monologues, documentaries and Shakespeare. Yay! (I think) 

Math A (the lowest you can go without ruining your uni chances) 
It mainly contains things such as area, interest, depreciation, and stuff like that 

Bio (Because nothing else was in that column) 

Business management 

Accounting

Legal studies (Which I suck at, but I’m pretty sure like only 1 persons gotten an A this entire year) 

Conclusion 
Thanks for reading the mess of a person that makes up me, again, sorry for writing such a long post. 
How often?
Why?
Stuff like that

I tend to post in random bursts, being really into posting and commenting on everything, then I'll get criticism or bad feedback, don't know how to handle it and hop off Reddit for a week or two, repeat

Basically, this pic: http://imgur.com/ctWq6nuLike for instance? What would a badly developed ISFP look like? How would you get one? Is there any good websites out there that explain this? 


Stuff like that. Someone mentioned in a forum once and I wanted to know what it is? Please tell me if its not an accepted thing.When I was an amateur MBTI(Still am), I tried typing my friend group we got like 3 INFP's, an ENFP, an ISTJ and an ISFJ.
That turned into 1 INFP, 1 ENFP, 2 ISFP's, 1 ISFJ and an ESFP. So all I have to ask is, did this happen to you? Maybe it was just inaccurate information but it got real confusing when someone went from INFP to ESFP in like a month. I know types can't change and this was most likely inaccurate information but any reasons why?


Also, wonder if FP's group together?I took these stereotypes from 16 Personalities strengths and weaknesses

Charming:
Nope. I can crack jokes but their mostly self-deprecating and I have the social skills of a dead walrus left in the sun for 2 hours

Sensitive to others:
Again not really. I mainly worry about what other people say about me not what I say to other people, at least not at the moment

Imaginative:
No, not really. While I do partake in art, it never really takes imagination. Imagination and Spirituality take a back seat to logic and rational thinking. I do indulge in imaginative thinking when alone, though, never in public though. 

Passionate:
I'm passionate about my art but also pessimistic. On the inside, I want to think that everything is going to be fine and I'm going to be amazing at everything but I remain pessimistic in the hopes that it will soften the blow of eventual failure. I also have no motivation.

Curious:
I honestly don't know how to evaluate this. My brain honestly can't understand curiousness and how it applies to me.

Artistic:
I do a story/art stuff but it sucks and I only really use it to get praise from others, which keeps me making more, which leads to a cycle where until one party stops caring, I keep doing art


Fiercely Independant:
Nah, while I do sometimes want to do things my own way, my way sucks most of the time. I try to maintain a balance, I have opinions but I'll defect to you if you seem smarter 

Unpredictable:
I'm the person in my group who wants to plan everything and has already created a spreadsheet for our Christmas secret Santa thing, so no, not really

Easily Stressed:
Yes. Very much so, I was taking 2 panadol because I was getting sick from stress due to my classes(Stuff you legal studies)

Overly competitive:
Yea I guess? When around friends with my twin we will often compete for attention and I do quite like winning

Fluctuating self-esteem:
Yea but it only seems to fluctuate downwards until an event where all my pessimism and logic get thrown out the window. I will, without doubt, end up disappointed

So yeah, most of the stereotypes fell apart. I encourage people to do this with their type as well. Let's see if we can spread the truth and a reasonable amount of caution.




Hello, neighbor.

I saw your thread rotting away and I thought I would respond because I'm in a mood to be looking at MBTI stuff.

I am, unashamedly, a prig. I believe that there is always a better way to do things and that the only thing holding back the self and the society is that we have not yet discovered the better ways or our human flaws lead us astray. It is my life goal to be ever better and to make people within my sphere of influence better. What "better" means to me is more aware of the rules and underpinnings of nature and society. More efficient and effective in performing relevant tasks. Less weighed down by illness and evil and ignorance.

I understand that my influence is small. I am righteous, however, even while I am flawed. No one is perfect, but every human can be better. Peace be with you.

Edit: How can you make ISTJs like you? Follow the rules OR offer better rules. Almost everything in life is procedural. If you go stubbornly against proven methods without improving them, you are worse than lazy: you are the enemy. Most people, however, are given the benefit of the doubt: we are all ignorant or ill, which is why we need to work together to lift one another up.Pessimism is not a characteristic of the personality. It is just a common characteristic of unhealthy people. The only way that such a fundamental worldview orientation can change is if you can change a person’s philosophy, which is hard to do especially if they do not trust you as someone with the experience and wisdom to change their views.Maybe so, but the problem is not the personality, but the worldview.

If someone is a pessimist, they are, IMO, too unhealthy to be eligible for a romantic relationship. Everyone has off days, sure, but a consistent pattern of assuming a negative future is not compatible with common romantic goals, which tend to be forward-looking and positive.

I have experienced a pessimistic worldview when I was overall unhealthy. It can change, it isn’t fixed to the personality. So the OP should seek healthy people who do not have incompatible goals and orientations.
I'm an ISTJ and I'm OK! You want a real answer?... Fine. I'll give.

ISTJ descriptions, even the ones that try to tout our "strengths", make us look like robots. I ain't. Yes, I've got issues seeing the big picture and i love details, change is uncomfortable, and I prefer planning out the steps before I do them.  

But also, I personally believe that I thrive in innovative and creative requirements. I love new ideas and brainstorming. I'm great at being that person who can take people's crazy ideas and focus them on actual action. I get shit done, and not in the, like, spreadsheet sort of way.  

I also am aware of my weaknesses (many of which are listed in ISTJ descriptions - except for the weird "loves authority kind of thing"...i don't get that), and I've got the ISTJ willpower to push myself into uncomfortable situations where I'm forced to confront and work on those weaknesses. 

Also, I think I'm funny, so there's that. And I sang a cappella. Thanks for the positivity. :D

Also want to add, because the authority thing about ISTJs bothers me--  
It's not that I respect authority. It's that I allow authority to those whom I respect. Same goes with the ISTJ rule following thing. I don't follow rules blindly. But I put a lot of weight on rules that i see as being worth it and reasonable. 

Aaand I've got some weird wires crossed where everything makes me tear up. Not real life stuff, but commercials, movies, music. Especially music. I'd like to hear more about your ISTJ girlfriend, since I am a woman myself! Curious which parts are similar and which are just normal person to person differences. ISTJ is usually represented as male. Yep, nothing in there I couldn't relate to entirely. What makes you believe you aren't ISTJ, op? See now, but that's a stereotype, ain't it?This was screaming unhealthy ISFP to me, but I guess I'm the only one seeing it.Just want to remind you, as this is pretty common in /r/mbti threads, that you're dealing with a jackass, not the manifestations of a specific type. I'd say it's hard to give advice on how to deal with her because: (a) all we know about her is that she's loud and obnoxious so it's hard to confirm she's the type you say she is, and (b) type-specific advice doesn't usually help when dealing with jackasses. 
Oh, you shouldn't apologize! Sorry, I might have come off more rude than I meant. Just saying that type can only get you so far when interacting with other people, especially difficult people. However type works in theory, when people suck, they often tend to suck in the same way, so it's hard to indicate type from just how sucky they are, haha.  

Also, I don't think she's an ISTJ because you said she'll jump in to take claim of something that wasn't hers, which is pretty much the opposite of how ISTJs work. She could be an ESTJ, but I don't feel we have enough info.  

Looking beyond type, it seems like you're in a small office, she's been reprimanded before with no lasting consequences, and she's loud enough for everyone to hear. So, maybe a few questions to figure out exactly why she hasn't been dealt with:

*  Does she has seniority in the office? (i.e. Not in terms of position, but it terms of how long she's been there) 

*  Is she related to or a good friend of the boss? 

*  Is she phenomenal at her job? 

*  Has anyone else ever said anything? Are they all friends with her?  


If she's so annoying, there's a good chance she's annoying to the other people around her. What is your relationship with the other people? The boss may be less likely to exact consequences when it's a "he said, she said" kind of situation. One of you is the problem, but it's not necessarily her if she's a good worker and everyone else is fine with it. But if you can band together with your coworkers to show the boss that this is an issue with everyone, they will have less of a choice to ignore it. Haha, based on what you're describing, it's not just an INTJ thing to not want to put up with her shit. Why aren't headphones allowed? What do you do for work? (don't have to be specific)  

You've dealt with this for 5 years. Okay, I'm thinking this is not going to change. It seems like you unfortunately have 2 options: keep dealing or leave. She's older and stuck in her ways and her coworkers have enabled/allowed it for a very long time. Do you really think there's some way you can appeal to her after 5 years that will get her to stop and suddenly empathize with your situation? Not saying it's not possible, but it's pretty unlikely.  

It seems like where you work is not supportive of or conducive to introverts. A small space where a receptionist talks all day long and you can't use headphones makes it tough.  

I'm thinking you work in something like a dr office? If so, then any place you work will have a similar situation, I expect, except maybe you won't have the same obnoxious coworker. Or maybe you will. Not to get philosophical, but what do you want to do in life? Are you able to make the choice to work somewhere that is suitable to your working style? Ah shit, you're right, what was I thinking? A sense of humor on an ISTJ just looks wrong... This may be more accurate than anything else I've ever seen on this sub. I'm in love. As a quick note re: ISTJs and typology, Te likes to put everything into little boxes, Fi likes to read people's intentions and what makes them tick. Together, that makes a pretty good case for being interested in MBTI. I mean, I am skeptical of its validity and try not to make decisions based off it, but its method of sorting and "solving" people makes it attractive to me (as an ISTJ). 
ISTJ here, not interested in BS.I'm curious, can you expound on this? Is it that difficult to try to type someone else as an observer from the outside looking in?He was before my time, so I'm looking from a historical context. As to your last point, I don't empathise with him at all.There's probably a reason for that. Maybe someone more educated can offer insight. My layman's observation is that some personality types "mesh" well with others.My WWII guy is Eisenhower though I don't really have any favorite quotes of his.I've taken 4-5 free personality tests based on the MBTI, including some from the sidebar. All of them come up ISTJ for me. Considering the consistency, I'm thinking I may not need to buy and take the official test. 

The other assessment I'm looking into is the Strong Interest Inventory (BTW, no sub-reddit for this?). Any suggestions for where to take this online?

Since I'm pretty sure I know my MBTI type, I think I'd just do the interest inventory.

I have found a handful of websites which combine both of these assessments and will give you a consultation and interpretation as part of the bundle. Thoughts on this?Per title, what do you think?How do people get it so wrong knowing who they truly are, especially growing up? Is it being out of touch with themselves, outside pressure, or maybe a combination of the two? Is it a fairly normal human condition that you spend years, even decades, "growing up" and figuring out who you are?  


Taking various self-assessments including the MBTI gave me so much more clarity about my personality. I spent years wondering "what's wrong with me?", trying to force myself to do things I didn't like, interacting in uncomfortable ways, and even feeling guilty at times for how I felt.  


After I read my personality type it was like someone turned on a light in a dark room. It's been a while now since I took the assessment, and to this day I wonder how and why I was so out of touch with my authentic self.   


Don't get me wrong, I still don't have it all figured out. I'm a lot more in touch with my personality type, but I'm still trying to work on answers in areas like career.  


Do you have any thoughts on this subject?  
LOL yes it's amazing how out of touch some singers are with their true ability.&gt;We have so many ego defense mechanisms

I like it, good point!Nice explanation. I have various experiences which remind me that people (including myself) are complex and you can't really put someone in a box. &gt;personality isn't a clearly definable box and extremely complex

True, I have to remind myself of that all the time. I can see that. I'd like to think personally I have developed more self-awareness over time, but I also realize I have blind spots I'm not aware of. Other people are often too polite to point out my blind spots (for the most part).&gt;We are often more "aware" of our auxiliary and tertiary functions

Interesting, learned something here. Thanks!
I too am an ISTJ and I second this.ISFJ

usually about 45 minutes. 30 if I'm rushing. I can stay in there wayyy longer if I've had shit day though.hmm, not really. I usually just think about all the stuff I have to do when I get out or the current states of my relationships with people or nothing really.
INFPs.Si is really all I needISTJ:

The evergreen tree

Watching friends leave one by one

Lonely in winterI LOVE REGGIE WATTS! He's an ENFP, I'm pretty sure.What is it like not existing?It helps that Fe is very easy to detect.ISFP, probably 

EDIT: For least talked about, I mean.Ok, here's a couple tips. 

Be more specific. Add more detail about your qualities. Most of these statements apply to both types, and basically everybody else.

Tests suck. Do more research on cognitive functions, there are many useful resources in the sidebar.

Don't be confined to just 2 types. INFJ and INFP don't share any of the same functions, and are very different despite being only 1 letter off.Se, your 7th function.I thought we agreed to stop these.I definitely hold grudges.I'm pretty non-religious, but I enjoyed reading up on this. Thanks.I was about as socially average you could get, I had a group of a few close friends. I got pretty good grades. I barely did any homework though, I would just use my panic/adrenaline to cram for tests. It was okay, but I wouldn't do it again.Fuck off, stop linking these two togetherISTJ: MGMT, Tame Impala, M83, STRFKRNot in the slightest.Okay-ishYou're right, I was being a bit flattering.I try new things, sometimes.ENFP.Fear.I don't mind it, I'm just not very good at it.ISTJ 

Extremely disappointed that the president was voted by people who were pulled in by some catchy slogan or stupid fantasy. Very disappointed in the DNC as well, I suppose they deserved this.Not good at all - Questions are vastly N-biased, only test dichotomies./r/iamverysmartWhy is ESTJ higher than ISFP for physical?I agree. It just doesn't work, it's never going to be completely accurate.Hahaha ISTJCompletely agree. Everybody just generalizes Si with "past", but the past doesn't mean anything to me unless I experienced it. I personally think history is boring as shit.Absolutely an ENTP, coming from a Tal fan.Yep, I agree. Carlsen is definitely widely agreed to be an ISTP.Hahaha noYou forgot narcissist Oh jesus. This goddamn sub sometimes...
Agreed! My fiance is an INTJ. We're the same in literally every letter except Ni, and that one letter makes all the difference. When we have discussions he tends to make claims based on what his gut tells him is correct, whereas I want facts as to how he came to that conclusion. I've started asking him to turn down his N when I'm having a hard time understanding him!
I'm an ISTJ, and I can confirm the thought process. 

I'm often able to identify a change in my environment due to a feeling of "wrongness" in what I'm perceiving, but I always place the wrongness outside of myself. 

In other words, I know abstractly that the world is somehow not reflecting my expectation even before I concretely understand what's created the gap in perception/expectation.&gt; It's not that they are conservative in cultural sense, they just approach things with preconceived concrete and personal perspective.

For this reason, I prefer avoid terms like "conservative" when talking about ISTJs and instead talk about "stability of worldview" or "familiarity."A gut feeling isn't useless (because it points you in the right direction), but personally, I don't think you can be *certain* when typing a person in this way.

Without specific evidence that points to a particular set of functions, your typing could be based on stereotypes, may not account for differences in functional dynamics or may be based on the unhealthy functioning of a type.

&gt; We both went with ISTP because he didn't "seem like an INTP".

If you both reached this same conclusion independently of one another, then there should be some objective reason that you both feel this way.In some cases, "unconscious" is a synonym for "unexamined."

By that I mean: it's easy to say "I have a feeling," and leave it at that, but usually, if one digs deeper, there's more to it.ISTJ checking in. I can't comprehend how "information" can exist outside of "experience."

To put it plainly, I define all things as experience. From a dictionary definition to a smell to a scientific theory to a piece of art: they're all our subjective experiences of an objective world.

Personally, I don't believe anyone has ever directly experienced the objective world: we can only ever experience our own perspective of the objective world, and perspective will always add a level of interpretation, even if it's subtle.

So for me, all things are experience, even what most would call a "objective fact."

I'm not sure if this has added any insight for you, so please feel free to follow-up. I'm much better in dialogue.

(On a side note, I don't think it's that I "seek" experience: it's not that active of a process. Instead, I can't have anything but experiences with some of them being externally verifiable and some not.)I think there are two important premises that I run with: (i) a thing only has a certain quality because I perceive it so, and (ii) I don't take in information *itself* – I take in my interpretation of the information.

Things are not inherently anything (good, bad, hard, soft, etc.), and when I perceive a certain quality, I'm essentially *giving* it that quality. And the process of ascribing a quality to something is a product of my perspective, which is inescapable.

If you asked me to define term [a], I might say something like this: "Oxford defines [a] as [x], but I've seen [a] used to mean [y] in a couple of novels, and in this context, I'm using [a] in association with [b] to mean [z]." For me, it's never as simple as "[a] means [x]" because experience always colours my understanding of a word.

So then what does a word mean? It means all the things associated with the word, complicated by the fact that I may not be aware of some of the relevant associations and that some of my associations will be unique to my particular worldview.

So a word is defined by the sum of my experiences of it, and the dictionary definition is only one of many experiences.I've been trying to figure out how to divorce my perceptions from the way I assess my perceptions, but I'm not really sure how do to this. 

Could you possibly give an example or two of this from your own experience of Ni? I think it would be helpful to me to see an example of what you mean. My understanding is that an extroverted function is oriented outward to the objective world while an introverted function is oriented inward to the subjective world. 

For me, the key is objectivity vs subjectivity. I think maybe I'm missing some nuance about what you're talking about. 

I frequently use stories to impart advice or information to people. It's the most common method I use to transfer knowledge. 

I would think this has more to do with one's rhetorical style and not their perceiving functions. 

Is there more to your example than "I told a story and someone found it illuminating." 

[edit: apologies if this sounds overly blunt]I dislike how the ISTJ forum is (mainly) focused on seeking validation.

I should note that this has improved a bit of late due to more mod &amp; community involvement (props!), but the ISTJ forum is basically just us reassuring each other that our neuroses are perfectly normal. ISTJs have a "live and let live" attitude.I think many ISTJs can't see the forest for the trees.

Personally, I'm constantly bogged down in details that may or may not be significant, whether it's finishing a project, doing a chore, planning an activity, telling a story or giving an explanation on Reddit. 

This makes it difficult to truly assess the value of an action or rule: it's difficult to keep a large number of variables in my head and get a sufficient understanding of the broader implications. 

Coincidentally, I believe this is one of the reasons we tend to over-enforce rules.This is why my old ENTP boss would loose sight of us all the time, and why I had to learn to manage up to ensure I got what she needed. 

I think it was a fabulous dynamic. I would be given a project that was a great but not very fleshed out idea, and I would hammer away at the details until it worked.I would say my Fi jus helps determine which variables are important to *me* not necessarily the ones that are important objectively. 

I feel like better developed Ne is what I need to help me to see more of the connections between things, which would help paint the bigger picture.No problem! Feel free to PM me if you have any specific questions. At least the ENFJ one starts with a neutral/positive fact, and many others have positive elements mixed with the bad. 

The ISTJ one is negative through and through.&gt;The other agents can't be typed because they have no personalities.

No, no — it's simple: if no personality, then ISTJ.More of a joke than anything. 

As an ISTJ, I've read far too many stereotypical descriptions of us as being completely devoid of anything interesting or unique. OP seemed to be running with that assessment by assuming the agents would be ISTJs.Okay, but those are all stereotypes:

A: I talk all the time. Ask my husband how difficult it is to get me to shut up. 
B: Emotions are crucial to me. I do everything I can to avoid hurting someone's feelings and to make sure people are happy. 
C: I always question the job. Most times, I just know it's not my place to make major changes. 
D: I'm only direct if I know it will achieve my goal. Most times, I recognize that life takes finesse. 

The reason I don't see the Agents as ISTJs is that they don't seem to use Si: they seem don't learn from the past, and they aren't the sum of their experiences; they're just programs that perform a script that they're unable to alter. True, but Si is more complicated than "I do what I know." 

One crucial aspect of Si that the Agents lack is the ability to update one's script according to experience. 

Si users are able to continually refine our actions based on what works/what doesn't. Agents just plod away doing the same things in the same way regardless of success. I would argue that in the second movie, the Architect reveals that the system cannot update and adapt. 

It's my understanding that until Neo, the Matrix was a never-ending cycle of birth/death with each iteration being nothing more than a copy of the past.

There's no building up of experience: when the One fulfills his destiny, the machines just raze the whole world and start all over again. They make no adjustments based on what they've learned. &gt;The idea of assigned purpose is much more Si than Ni.

I'd be interested in hearing you expand on this because I don't see that as the case. 

To me, Ni seems much more concerned with the purpose something *should* serve (assigning) whereas Si is concerned with the purpose something *does* serve (evaluating). I still don't think that's Si. 

An Si user waits until purpose becomes apparent based on experience; an Ni user figures out the purpose, then tests that against experience.I think it depends on what you mean about predestined. Ni users will determine a purpose and work towards it. Si users will look for a purpose that already exists and try to fulfil it.

In that light, Ni users predetermine their course more than Si users.
ISTJ: OCD, Perfectionism, ASPD. I think this personality lends itself to high expectations from others and with it a high level of disappointment.Same, I sometimes wonder if I'm ESTJ with how confrontational I can be about it but I guess it's not really my baseline state of thinking.I know the professional typers think personalities never change throughout life. That's the last thing I heard anyway when I got downvoted into oblivion for trying to dispute it.

So that leads me into a new question after reading up on loops. Can I get a definition for loop in an MBTI context?

I would guess it is a psychological trauma that forces the inferior cognitive function into the behavior and thinking of the individual.

I read that ISFJs who get stuck in a Si-Ti loop pretty much just resemble ISTJs. They try to come to logical conclusions in order to resolve traumatic events or something. So how would one know either way? Would the ISFJ effectively "become" an ISTJ or remain in a looped state forever?

Did I miss anything?Direct, wants the truth, not interested in skirting around the issue?

